test:  reorder a list of longs .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx switch platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  delete the temporary data from the supplied set of enters keys .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  to   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating chart records from existing dataframe .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  null   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach total_watchers voters counter counter to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   total_watchers
truth:  attach   votes

test:  add a theming locales to the list of paths .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   locale

test:  given a template name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  set   try
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a git path to a file path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   path

test:  open a file with the given name and return it as a string .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by resource .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  deletes a vhost vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get and write a crafted shape file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  empty   get
truth:  null   bottom

test:  a screenshot that is a screenshot in the step .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a program for each tool shed .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  run   a
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be entrance as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  to   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  fixture to override this fixture with a test .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  null   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator for functions that do not yet be run .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  formats a date using babels babels format .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  get   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts a recipe path to a beaker path given a recipe id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  module   home
truth:  null   home

test:  uses a largest saturation of an iterable .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  return a group of environment variables .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  return   image
truth:  process   process

test:  a read signup_form from a list of tuples and creates a comma-separated .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  set   a

test:  escape a byte string if it isnt already quoted .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  determine white part of white on 1d .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  null   covariance
truth:  null   covariance

test:  verify that the specified value contains the given value in the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find the indices of a tree in the given tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  indices   indices

test:  destroys a session from database .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  port   a
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   tests
truth:  verifying   test

test:  fix the given line .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  fix   line

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  split a string using a keyword field .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  run a container .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  return absolute path to file .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert the url to a "mobile" request .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  null   proxy
truth:  request   request

test:  helper function to return the timeslice time .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  get   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  evaluate estimator on estimator .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  subset   subset

test:  swaps a scalar x crossover on the input individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests the elements of a first item where the tuple are tuples .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  given   null

test:  get the percentage of an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  null   print
truth:  returns   returns

test:  recipe only one element of left and 4d .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  construct   prompt
truth:  decorate   a

test:  given a "host:port" or a list of patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  max the instances of max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time slot start .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  start   start

test:  calculates the bootstrap sample that is the consideration step .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return smaller manager from environment variables .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the value of a request value .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  gets   default
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  define a new document .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  define   helper
truth:  defines   null

test:  check and convert to calling version .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  list servers servers for haproxy backend haproxy haproxy backend socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  recursively walk a directory and find their absolute files .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  create   list
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file hash from the given file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  swap matched text with the correct format of matched matched .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  solves a linear equations a = = absolute equations .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  displays the given path against the list of from: .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  regroups   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  write the unusable password needed to separate user .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  null   login

test:  compute square-free norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  use   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts between two axes returns a wink matrix x <= condition to a sparse matrix .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  fix   return
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume backup .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  press the keyboard button for muting volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  returns a tgrep2 action that is the course of a tgrep2 search .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  is   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  test to catch and execute a command .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  null   namespace
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  norm -> requires the input array so that elements of an arbitrary matrix returns c .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  translate   intervals
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value passed in the destination .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  set   context
truth:  take   null

test:  convert a sequence of pairs into a sequence of bytes .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  represent   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  this function creates multiple threads from the system in a separate thread .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  establish   data
truth:  shuts   null

test:  get api name for a single module .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  returns   version

test:  return the class name for a classname namespace .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  get   update
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system delay and clear the system in seconds before the system will be shutdown .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   test
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  takes a list of elements .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  list   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-deploy-canceller this action is intended to provide cleanup for any openshift deployments left running when the job completes; this step will allow you to perform the equivalent of a
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup setup with paths .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  setup   sigmoid
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a random password from the supplied alphabet .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the action path .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set new deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   converts
truth:  enable   enable

test:  wrap a self with a json .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  null   api

test:  download a friendly application .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  set the ip address .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  accepts   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of python packages prefixed by the python site .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  returns true if the given slug is a float .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set vault to a key/value pair in configuring service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  find a function that can be used in a tuple and dictionary arguments that find a trailing trailing arguments in a function and dictionary and dictionary .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display the py device portnumber on the device .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  grab   remove
truth:  turn   a

test:  assert that an object is of a certain type .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert a native set *obj* into a python set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  read   replace
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  compute the dominating set .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  uses   gradient
truth:  finds   a

test:  remove small objects that are supported by the numeric constant .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  connected   remove

test:  returns an unused url for the target .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable an event on the vm cli example: .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  transform the given dir to the device .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  order   comparison
truth:  null   null

test:  sets an *query window for a window or string .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  applies   find
truth:  set   x

test:  given a sequence of partition targets .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   dask

test:  get a value from an vulnerability variable and timeout .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   a

test:  returns a list of fragments fragments for the given list of fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for the entire test files to create a mock output .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   input
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected assignment_no_params_with_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_tag_without_context_parameter
truth:  expected   null

test:  gets a unique model form for the given django model class .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  form   form

test:  set the file belongs to the folder if it doesnt already exist .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  file   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clear all available view .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if specified port is valid .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  finds can be a list of nodes in an undirected graph using the nodes given by a list of edges .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  extract data from a file .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  name   float
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  helper to make an elemwise transfer module .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  write   reset
truth:  replace   a

test:  returns the path of the page paths to be used .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  simple logging wrapper for the account controller .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  set   up

test:  enqueue a remote .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  func   a
truth:  null   method

test:  return the user email for an email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  returns   email
truth:  look   up

test:  load qualifier .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch legend for a single legend .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  show   runs
truth:  function   function

test:  replace the current time in seconds with it .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of documents .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  print   a
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads a pickle object from a pickle file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  read   load
truth:  load   a

test:  update an imagemember or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  remove a variable from the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  strip   replace
truth:  latex   latex

test:  display a line numbers and print it with same title .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   index
truth:  display   display

test:  set the current setting of the connection .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   object
truth:  update   update

test:  breaks of tuples of a given front files: .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  return   find
truth:  given   a

test:  writes an exception thrown by triangle .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  null   error
truth:  checks   a

test:  flag an existing file or folder cli example: .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the list of the required together .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a unique group title and group name .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  plugin *name* for the data from a remote host .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  return   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  group dependencies into a single element of a passed plugin .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  compute   compute

test:  ensures that all exploration ids are less than one collection .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within verbosity quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  given a task id and raise an error if it exists .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  maps   returns
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a string to a str .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct the node ports from a given graph and the tree .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns equation for rectangular commands .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  pack a entez entez into an scgi one .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  sends   summary
truth:  object   object

test:  override and parametrize default implementation for testing .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  fixture   gradient
truth:  override   override

test:  construct a base server instance from a url .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   string
truth:  build   build

test:  uninstall an editable package from a svn venv .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstalling   uninstall
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  very simple patterns that are mappings of a simple integer .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are dependent items in dependent format names and whose keys are a list of dependent values are
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  returns path to an installed packages cli examples: .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  looks   wrapper
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns the ynm distribution for a given type .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get an pickled pickled from a file descriptor .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync queue modules from salt://_returners to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   queue
truth:  sync   sync

test:  safely wrap given traceback to multiple urls .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  wrap   function
truth:  null   null

test:  deserialize a user from their email address and saves it as a [str] .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns an objects name for a person .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  uses   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  factory that returns a string that is a *pyval* that is a dictionary of argument and that are among the same type as the gpu type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   parameters

test:  simulates a single database with the given name .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  ipexec validate command line tools .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  command   list
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert an argument to a raised output .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns a dict containing all language bidi .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  override   override

test:  grep devices from fabtools .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  queries   values
truth:  iterate   null

test:  wrap a function with a callable when it is called .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   functools

test:  get host display of specified network device or list of host_names .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  set   ssh
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live this plugin yaml: the build as a screenshot for the project .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string with nulls removed .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escape   text
truth:  insert   insert

test:  construct an import type of python and non-sqlite method .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  to   a
truth:  reduce   null

test:  returns the value of the object .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  searches python list for a template .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  return   tuple
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  start   information
truth:  return   information

test:  set the currently-implemented currently-implemented .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  test   version
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  formats items into a list of tuples .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  helper method to determine if a line contains a arithmetic arithmetic .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  does   check
truth:  return   return

test:  like wordpress .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  build a show for a given show .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  given   a
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  waits for the function until it supports the shell .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  auxiliary function to get xmodule urls for xmodule conflicting .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  get   current
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends confirmation broken email .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  have   roslib
truth:  email   email

test:  returns a list of all host templates for the given host .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  -   a
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build regression test cases that an implementation adheres to that interface .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in graph from a graph .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  read   graph

test:  convert a variable to float .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  do   null
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager to capture a given output groups to the given output .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  updates a valid network acl for a capital .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  creates   updates
truth:  replaces   a

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return the appropriate value for the given kind .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return translated revision in the current sentiment revision .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  return   a

test:  migrate admission fact using an snipmate facts fact fact .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   migrate
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test that you can use 1 .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  test   test
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of hash strings .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  that we can pick the number of individual values .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  behave   array
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a 3d groebner field of three different unary_expression .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  convert date_time given as a list of binary polynomials into their cumulants function .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  converts   output
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse lists of a {all_tenants: header into a dictionary .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  returns true if the given attribute on the datastore datastore .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test that something isnt one of the correct usertypes .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  takes a list of tuples and converts them into a string of any state .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  is   in
truth:  persists   new

test:  return an event object containing a changes in the system .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  changes   searches
truth:  determine   a

test:  remove the given file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return netstat routing information for a return cli example: .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  known   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  loads a list of os .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  insert a new query into the database .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  inserts   database
truth:  null   generic

test:  convert a list of tuples into a list of list of tuples .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a string of tags into a comma-separated list of tags .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  copies files or directories for a certain location .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  delete   a

test:  converts path to sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert binary array into binary representation of binary string .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  list   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create an md5 hash from a file .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  update modules from template mapping .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  set   a
truth:  get   get

test:  write a callback to the filename .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string in one of a supported supported instance .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  converts a string to a string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  print   print

test:  connect to the flat page .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  null   default
truth:  to   null

test:  tries to get a image name for given device .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the / / skew skew between two vectors in a in passed in .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  displays a html snippet as featured .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  null   find
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects key .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  test   null
truth:  list   site

test:  no_input=true editor editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  displays   view
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns a boolean .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review user is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  try to resolve the function spec .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   function
truth:  resolve   a

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  encode a single path into a list of utf-7 *components .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  zoom in a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  modify   images
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private video to decoded video .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  validate request .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get unit changes .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  null   use
truth:  returns   units

test:  parse stack .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  just returns a list of files that are considered as a list of modules .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  test likelihood of unsupported image .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  null   censure

test:  set label value for head head operations .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compact the language .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load scores from a given directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  get   sequence
truth:  return   a

test:  clean up changed changes made to include changed changes .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  returns   exit
truth:  null   reload

test:  return the first element of a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a container exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  use the provisioning api method to assert that exhausts the options passed in theano and insert a bunch of theano helper method .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  walk through all modules below the package and return a list of modules .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct location object .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a byte sequence from a buffer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  compute node statistics for nodes .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  moves   null

test:  detects all predict in a movie file .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  performs   match
truth:  run   a

test:  helper to easily call the function for certain types .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  check   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  unsubscribe watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  null   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  set the local sql for a smtp virtual host .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a mysql user exists cli examples: .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   find

test:  restart the traffic server on the local cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  strip   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  helper function to provide a sysadmin .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  commits the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the system .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  changes   changes

test:  a decorator that adds a hold to the vi error .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  null   decorate
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of target elements from seqids .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure permissions are the given permissions on the given instance .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks if the admin access management command is admin .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  search   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse rfc1123 and time string from http date string .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generator of a sequence of shortest path .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can undefined passed to steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   scenario

test:  construct a selinux selinux response .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  turn a paypal version string into a tuple that is a recursive version string .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert roman decimal integer to host integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the exponential of a given vector .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   null

test:  view to format the given saved .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  view   view
truth:  receives   null

test:  converts ip string to hex host .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  update   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the full error code for an error message .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given user is registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  make   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  provides a task via windows for this minion cli example: .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  open a new command with a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  hsail commands to pytest .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  time   up
truth:  remove   remove

test:  drop the average precision .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a absolute path to a resource .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   python
truth:  convert   a

test:  clears the file and build a list of files .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   handle
truth:  update   head

test:  get sass dependencies and dst dependencies .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  collects   copies
truth:  list   list

test:  for a single line of the response .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  block   current
truth:  parse   a

test:  helper to resolve a route path from current page .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a unique compatible key given the provided secret key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  request   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  given an url of id .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  map   function
truth:  list   list

test:  installation an automatic os to the remote server .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  start   page
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of thumbnails in the given file .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  import a dotted path given its path and return the absolute path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the checksum of a 0mq file .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   distance
truth:  null   version

test:  install a capability capability args: capability : the capability to add capability image : the capability to install for the capability args: capability : the capability windows for the capability
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  add   a
truth:  install   a

test:  flip an image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  edit   map
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the x dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  given a volume name .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  return   null
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all python files in a given set of python files .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  install this package as a duplicating reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  get a list of eventrenderers from the course .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  obtains   null

test:  determine if the given header or not .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  return the disk usage of a path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   parameter_type_list
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  build the clonespec config object .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  build   load
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a long integer to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  scale   fill
truth:  null   bottom

test:  simulates concerned patch patch patch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  makes   users
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   text
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the configuration for a existence of a gaussian subgroups and its children .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns the number of keys in a module .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture that provides a fake web-history registry .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  get an iterator over all objs selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  given   null
truth:  query   a

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  if   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  test that we can run only on a node with a numpy test .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  test   check
truth:  null   kinds

test:  map the check request to an existing request .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  is   null

test:  get the actual photo for a given photo .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  return   join
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign a scheduled event to the given lhs .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  create   lhs

test:  compare two area of readable filter .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   consecutive
truth:  function   function

test:  sample the source features .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  export   null
truth:  get   get

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  flow   flow

test:  write a list of filenames to a pcap file .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  module   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture to provide a context object for tests .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  null   a

test:  given a string argument .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  like   a
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a dataset and return it as a collection .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  split   up

test:  get all defined networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the path is a symlink on the current machine .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a list of lists of lists of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  score   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  set up the sonarr sensor .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   sphinx
truth:  initialize   null

test:  set the virtual name for the module .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   rename

test:  logical reader function .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   one

test:  test psdestimator with psdestimator .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday -- pig api command -- := on hardlinks .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rankvals rankvals rankvals .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  tie   correction

test:  scan the status of a scan .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  main page .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  plots   text
truth:  input   input

test:  normalize the path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  normalize   path
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function to create an identity setting and asserts .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the average index of the graph g .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  repeat timer to scan scan .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern into a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test a a large object .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  return a search for attribute where precision is a and tries to use .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the currently active plugin manager .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  return   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  retrieve system state for a given box .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to apply function to values in dictionary map .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  discover a few additional information for a given keywords .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  null   chunks
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a separated separated list into a csv .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  display a youtube display for the current window .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  calculates   new
truth:  displays   a

test:  check that the group auth exists .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  if   a
truth:  has   null

test:  ensure whether the specific snmp traps is enabled on the device .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  ensure   set
truth:  manage   null

test:  generate sample sample file .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  get all compatible workflows that have been compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  select   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  given a soap saml saml saml saml class object .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  read   services
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a dictionary of image labels for a given image type .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  if any of the settings are changed .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  transform a function by a cubehelix function .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  given   =
truth:  return   custom

test:  prepare a fancyarrow instance for it with different figsize .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  overrides   check
truth:  function   function

test:  will return all the configured projects of the given user .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  is   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  open one or more keyword arguments and push it to another stream .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  null   a
truth:  spawn   a

test:  gets the database with google storage .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  change the users full name cli example: .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  password   update
truth:  set   set

test:  check for missing indices .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  check   check

test:  kill all available package jobs cli example: .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  kill   kill
truth:  sends   a

test:  a view that is requested with argument and compares the user body .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  null   return
truth:  view   view

test:  a method to wait long and then wait until it is called .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  fire   fire

test:  generate continuation integer from the provided number of tokens .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the cpu system is cpu on this system .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  if   set
truth:  if   check

test:  computes basic loss for /dev/random of multiple inputs .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  weighted   null

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  works   work
truth:  work   work

test:  check whether an instance is a valid instance of a module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  deserialize a resource object into a string .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  parse   python
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get and add indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes timings and entities from memcache .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  creates a new element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  ensure that the named rule is absent .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  computes   create
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the information for each type passed in .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  helper method to return if given stream is json .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms that presents a cinder exception thrown by the exceptions are like implementing but keeps exceptions that raise a cinder exception .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  exception   decorator
truth:  transforms   a

test:  patch arguments for getting mode on each extras in it .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  patch   patches
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  renders the given template with the given dictionary and request the result .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns server details of server .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates the hash for a file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a location to the numpy arrays .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  file   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build a collection type with passed parameters .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  build   build

test:  get a list of searching that can provide these height .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  compute the accuracy of one loss .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  compute   classification
truth:  null   classification

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   paths

test:  special function for storing values from the specified xml api .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  function   value
truth:  null   null

test:  decorate a function to be run once if owns .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  function   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  tries to match a pandas table from a pandas country .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  get   current
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  create an "accept" token using the provided key and set it .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  creates   in
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return a list of names in the current environment mode .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  list   return
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse a http response for a development 8-bit response .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create an text block bound to a string .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  wrap   return
truth:  function   function

test:  check an individual role that all parameters supplied : string the name of the role .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the description of a path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  files   a
truth:  return   a

test:  iterate over a form in four shares .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a port-name to a buffer object .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  build   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  set up a set of a single grid .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  plot   shell
truth:  null   a

test:  load convert playlist .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  format   input
truth:  open   playlists

test:  return information about a resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if filename is a pow file .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   framework

test:  modify the lua for windows .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  append   python
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns the host name of the supplied illuminant encoded illuminant .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that an error is raised when the deleter is an s3 deleter .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns following format:: .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   package
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute an object_uri action on a single minion cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  get list of bugs that have .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the overall cpu cpu cpu usage .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return a 64-bit packed ipv6 address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that a logged-in user has necessary permissions on the specified user .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  calculate the old license license .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  is   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  quote an argument so that it can be a non-boolean argument when an argument is turned into a single string .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete a application .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  extract the response data from a docker error .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  resolves   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  checks if this row matches the ci-skip object .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test for models for various preprocessing instances of various realizing .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload the library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  config   restart
truth:  null   style

test:  build the external id for some common family .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  build   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  set the environment for the current thread .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for evaulates .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  redirect to a custom login/register page .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  document   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  compute the sympy product of a sympy tensor .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  null   i
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create an in-memory configuration in the docker-compose file cli example: .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to set custom calls to all arguments .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  build   get
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  find a directory where file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  to   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns a boolean indicating if the passed release is a release release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  importer tests listed in the importer that are not part of a script .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  match   null
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create default folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  given   null
truth:  create   a

test:  multivariate linear filter parameters used by the likelihood alternative .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  returns   error
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  returns a resource type for the given resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that a given source is inside the nearest port .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  to   helper

test:  this function takes a list of arrays of length data in an array of slices slices and returns an array of slices that will be escaped and lowercase .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  create   data
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  add resource file to hue command .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  converts   replace
truth:  create   create

test:  check that a diff of data type matches the given data .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  null   data
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  divide maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  iterate over a corpus path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   returns
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create ec2 volume from the ec2 uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   events
truth:  register   register

test:  list configured users on the account cli example: .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create and return links for each link in the passed root .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  create   node
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a composites line of ints .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  return   a

test:  a decorator that caches a bridge with the given arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname nickname .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper for human readable part of a numeric part of a string .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dump exception and show message .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   get
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  execute linux fraction fraction .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  if   render
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a cypher with the binary-string dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  see   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  calculate average average for a normal way .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   test
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the kivys threaded thread thread .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  download   a
truth:  start   start

test:  strips all isnt an environment .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  context   context

test:  try to get an available enum member from an object .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read in the given file as a pickle string .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  reads   try
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup logging for the script .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  setup   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  restful crud controller - used for searching for people by skill - used for differential access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  removes html or xml character references and entities from a text string .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  collapses   decodes
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  calculates the middle-most normalized normalized normalized normalized normalized distribution .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return installed packages cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  connect   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  creates a new keyczar model type .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single receivable view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  view   transaction
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a penn name from its name to a pathname .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the first bruno partitions for a partial integer .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether a dictionary can be executed based on a dictionary of dictionaries with a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  display pdb .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  given a template name and context .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  return   a

test:  assert that the given index is a set of multi index .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  object   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  grab the global settings for the user .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  show   show

test:  checks to see if a device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   check

test:  submit barcodes for the given barcode .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  make   user
truth:  submits   a

test:  eliminated blobs from assigned to pickle .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  known   convert
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value corresponding to a given instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new configuration tag for the specified api tag .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  create multiple active controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  link   bytes
truth:  creates   classes

test:  c^2 c^2 .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  null   instances
truth:  null   a

test:  computes trivial gcd of f and g in k[x] .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  trivial   handle
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copies the operator of a vector to an array .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  create and saves the telemetry table .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   data
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given minion target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create local computenode .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  find   find

test:  solves a system of two places in the given template .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a debugging constraint .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  marks   xml
truth:  return   return

test:  transform a dictionary into a dictionary .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns none or false if both are not a two consecutive .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator to use a serialized function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a file in a given python file .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an input stream based on the provided stream .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   transform
truth:  strip   a

test:  test having a bug that arose from having a string .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  datetimes   a
truth:  test   a

test:  helper function to build a new certificate and adapter .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  create   upload
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns true if the current console has a file .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dict of all plugins in the specified plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  runs   list
truth:  run   run

test:  expands path from base_path .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  cache   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns true if the user has access to the discussion category of a specified course .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a alton process instance and return a dict of commands .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get all objects within an object .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  maps   replacement
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group message page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  echo the text to a hierarchy of a text .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  null   function
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  read raw eeg data from a fif file .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  read   projections
truth:  function   function

test:  add a observer to an existing one .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns a platform-specific copy of all extract flags present in the same way as is one of the two dicts .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  function   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default currency object .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  close the event .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  close   move
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  start   check
truth:  return   return

test:  closely closely of the tokenize() is available with the next iteration of the class from .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   connect

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the object to the inherited inheritance .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  enable   current
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns a decomposed dn for the specified dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  return   function
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator only calls func if its not already installed .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test docinfo fail if docinfo .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  make   delete
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  find all files under the given root .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  regression test for #828 - do not cause a bug that is signature at the end of a extra extra .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  queues a system email for a user .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   null
truth:  queues   a

test:  read index documents from a document and return a string .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that tpot performs tpot errors correctly .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   call
truth:  assert   assert

test:  does necessary setup to open requests to local server .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filename of the cache location .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the absolute path of a monomial .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  parse   =
truth:  multiply   a

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   version
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a directory atomically .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update modified on the master and update default timestamp when the function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  update   update

test:  copy a descriptor from one descriptor to another in the given descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  copy   strips
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  update a task status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  multiply the expression of the given expression .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  check   null
truth:  see   null

test:  return the value of a variable .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  match   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if n == lucas .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  to   test
truth:  null   lucas

test:  returns true if the current desktop desktop is the current desktop desktop returns false if the current desktop contains a gtk .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  efficiently compute vertex neighboring field filter .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  uses   ip
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  search for the given file or module .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   null
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a string of the given scheme .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  given   a
truth:  url   url

test:  return a command line containing the command line options and the global python settings object .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page where the user can access the page passed .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  if   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  set the current greenlet to be used in the ui .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  make   info
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator that checks if an exploration is play .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add an array of features to an features features .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  test that in-db does not contain a in-db directory .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  check   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  return the full path to the directory containing .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  null   default
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  create a paste pipeline based on a auth_strategy config option .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test timeit special special special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a port as a gpio as a dictionary .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fix the requested code with a cup .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  provides   replace
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect all .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   null
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  load the specified data from a 'visual' .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   path

test:  return true if the given contents is a gzip string .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  display   null
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment overlaps within a sparse segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  fab -h username@host energy .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate an ssh key for the given request .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  sessions the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  code a list of namespace extensions into a given namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  list   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether a user should be created .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse mac address .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load an object from a file and return it as a byte string .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  use this decorator to wraps everything setter to return a cached result of grains .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculates the average and a helper for each value of the stems for each value in the var(p) .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns an integer parsed from the collectd module .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  converts   check
truth:  to   null

test:  explicitly fix a dictionary with all possible characters .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  perform   handler
truth:  null   locale

test:  return a list of the unique items that are on the provider .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  checks that a particular object is a valid filter .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  get the last 1/4 of a loop .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  performs a reset power operation on the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  powers   a
truth:  null   one

test:  guess the first parsed usage of the provided functions .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  given   a

test:  detect if any string in the evaluation contains valid --force .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a single entry containing one or more entry .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  returns   returns

test:  summary false for the false passed via false .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  return   date
truth:  null   null

test:  compute polynomial division of f and return it .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  return   return

test:  return the argument argument with an argument and strip it .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a response at the bottom of the requests .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  set   null
truth:  attach   response

test:  test given data file .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  provides a control file info for a given user or id cli example: .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  hps next time statistics .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  results   version
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  read in the contents of the file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the index .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  a simple category is a category that is protected with a category .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   detail
truth:  null   category

test:  merge a dict where each item in a dictionary .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  removes a task from the system .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  removes   null

test:  clear all available regions for the amazon plugin .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  set   null
truth:  tear   null

test:  find all elements of a node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of png chunks of the same file as the tan file .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  null   data
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a small graph of g .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a makeopts variable from the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute the binary entropy between two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  null   enumerate
truth:  computes   binary

test:  multiply two arrays by appear as that appear in fahrenheit .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  converts   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read a full name from a file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  gets   filename
truth:  code   code

test:  return a context manager that temporarily sets a with errors .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  code   change
truth:  context   context

test:  decodes string cell and return ui in format required for comparing .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the given path to git repository .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   git
truth:  resets   null

test:  dipole potential to shortest shortest shortest notifications .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   null

test:  load social auth current python script .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  encoding   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find a field with name from the given name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  given   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  returns a copy of the data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  format an nsn number for use in configuring format .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  edit   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a str to a numpy array .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  convert   array
truth:  null   converter

test:  returns the configuration of the device cli example: .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  returns   details
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud organisation .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the current idle schema cli example: .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  galaxy galaxy interface .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  swaps   sets
truth:  apply   a

test:  returns a summary of groups used with the given loaded certificates .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the calculate the hadamard hadamard of the given series .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  sum   sum

test:  tell the python shell is an ipython shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task time slot stop page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  stop   stop

test:  handle a subset of certificate .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  display   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  add a hsv value to an rgb filter .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  color   color

test:  encrypt the given http request object with the given http key .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  is   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get an account for the given account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   service

test:  returns true if the user can view the given app .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return a queryset of the most recent distance between 0 and year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  build   build

test:  test updating a bug when not changed .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  update   null
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  in the api server .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  null   api

test:  parse a argument into a list of tokens .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parses   tokens
truth:  parse   parse

test:  numpy implementation of a softmax .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  marks a union of union as a long integer .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  null   ceil
truth:  does   null

test:  returns ^p date or sort <> whose elements is in a two agreement .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  sequential network .
truth: two branches . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  null   branches

test:  load a configuration file .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  return method object implementing a class .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   method

test:  multi-dimensional detrend minus np .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  make   x
truth:  return   x

test:  local bottom-hat of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parses a count of numbers .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  parses   a

test:  detect if a leap year is leap .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  if   jsonschema
truth:  return   a

test:  load manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  load   null
truth:  update   update

test:  render a value to the next template .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all the available state modules in this environment cli example: .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change the default uid of the user cli example: .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  change   change
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as json .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   test

test:  return information about all databases for a given uri .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  like   information
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if a datetime needs to be run in /etc/init .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  gets the mnist dataset that created this variable .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return the clique bipartite graph .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise a l{raisedarguments} exception .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the nth standardized function of n .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fsencoding -> str return a native object when string is an instance of a string .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  s   replace
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test reactive reactive portion of abandoned .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   reactive
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   clients
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return content from an iterable file and return its contents .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  return   content
truth:  read   read

test:  given a document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  does   normalize
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  see   a
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  turn the interactive event loop into interactive .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  parse an ipv4 address string into an int .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   windows
truth:  convert   mac

test:  test that initializing on a boolean and checks to see that it is a bool .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to scale a scale against scale .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  select   returns
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  return a copy of the nonce on which can be used to create a chain of other rounds .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  null   mine

test:  get the bearing from multimodal .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  prints   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deletes old elasticsearch and all associated downloads .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calculate the knn takes a list of knn .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  given   form
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list a files that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  reboot a domain via the system cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse the subscripts for a application .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  see   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  preserve a torrent directory from a torrent directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  escapes   new
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  convert a string into a list of bytes .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  prompt the user to display a ask for input .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  ask   prompt
truth:  based   null

test:  convert lc(f) to a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   univariate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a random convolution specification for an exponential distribution .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  function   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the http thread for http request .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return information about the logical volume(s) cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   dns
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  install   install

test:  takes a pem der string and returns a pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return the current metrics name for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  change   change

test:  call available utilities instance with the given arguments .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  run   +

test:  checks for certain count of autoescaping .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a string with a different suffix .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  print   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  append the log file to the vlc file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  write   log
truth:  log   log

test:  computes polynomial division of f and g in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  set   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  print out an item parsed product .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  print   command
truth:  displays   a

test:  gets time in milliseconds since epoch .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  skip test if a module is importable .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  return   handle
truth:  if   check

test:  doji star .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different vhost header based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  compute common leading pair of a folder with critical .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  click   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculates the codons common :func:unpack lists of a string .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  join   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes multinomial loss for multinomial .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  see   gradient
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  wait for writing with become logits .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  make   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a file containing email aliases from a list of aliases aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   delete
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sends   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only work on systems .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   statistics

test:  creates an opener formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   a

test:  insert a pipeline into a pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  insert   set
truth:  if   null

test:  read the tag from the node .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  render the line as a list of msg .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  indentation   replace
truth:  separate   line

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the given location .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  determine   returns
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  import a class by name .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the ec2 key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filter the parsed displayed blocks of the supplied block .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  generate   filter
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  an optimized version of nothing .
truth: just return . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a domain cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  submit the recaptcha challenge to the given response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  associate   returns
truth:  submits   a

test:  set an expression on all parameters .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  value   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a address given a network range and last last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  enumerates   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  reads the notes in the document and return all notes nodes with the given document .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a context manager which temporarily sets the default mode on the current transaction .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  tear   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the *seq* sensors .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a sequence to layer .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  return   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  endpoint the check with the local node .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  format   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read the input port as a stream .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  a feature with a background header .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   a
truth:  running   background

test:  view a set of server groups to which a user is true .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  lists   number
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if and only if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch an icon for the current version .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  registered   version
truth:  take   null

test:  group a lookup by one of its greek/metric classes and yield it .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  block   return
truth:  stream   stream

test:  remove listing data from the list of process actions that are not already been marked as a list of actions and removes action .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  converts to a given url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the media prefix with the static_url setting and appends the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  fetches   converts
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  get the release virtual directory path for a release .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  setup   generate
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns the docker client certificates in a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  get   source
truth:  open   a

test:  parse /etc/hostname and return value .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  transform email to invalid email .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  determine   reason

test:  load a certificate and return the certificate time .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  given   null
truth:  load   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   node
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   reset
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  index   method
truth:  to   method

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  authenticate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  popup text to inputbox by >>= .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  if   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  return list of files in a given file .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  filters   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the host name for the named user .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   way

test:  returns the score values from the floatx output .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a toy test with more server .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  decorator that skips a test if a condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove the original severity space from the original replace replace anything to remove derivatives .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  test updating a single file from a cache file .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  writes the current contents of the file .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   replace
truth:  write   null

test:  register an image into the gae controller .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  implement correspond to a variant of numbers .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  computes   pairs
truth:  null   null

test:  find common common paths in roots and return all paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  null   null

test:  given a virtual machine template id .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  start   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  get pillar segment from loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  indent   returns
truth:  get   segments

test:  encodes the given input to a millisecond table .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test that moto moto urls to associated instance .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  create some mute build messages .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   example
truth:  list   muting

test:  get the current user cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple of the form names associated with a function names .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  construct a httpresponse instance from a puts on a file .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  provides   run
truth:  were   null

test:  return the static index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule plus rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   rule

test:  returns a list of cuthill ordering of nodes .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   line
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  single repo .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  saves   data
truth:  clones   a

test:  return a csr object containing the users managed config directory .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the softmax function that maps f to the lists of a b-spline .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a unicode object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  read   python
truth:  to   try

test:  once version of git .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  retrieve the ipv4 address from our device .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   network
truth:  to   connect

test:  make sure every console files .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  ensures   demonstration
truth:  check   spelling

test:  compute the gaussian kl kl divergence of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  computes the auto auth of a browser auth email for the course provided .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  usage   function
truth:  logout   logout

test:  bind a platform to a ipv6 host and return true if it is available .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  check whether shape is a deprecated process .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error handler for iba on iba .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return the correct content for the named user .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  detect if an xml node is an abstract builtin module name in the given context .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   name
truth:  if   checks

test:  test git with two "names" pointing to the same commit .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   test
truth:  backend   backend

test:  blocks a client and returns an endpoint .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  authenticate   up
truth:  return   a

test:  return the graph that the edges in g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   minimum

test:  turn all named text into their match .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  null   string
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an rgb image to a raised matrix .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  make   a

test:  checks given fingerprint matches .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  unquote -> string return a string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  determines   like
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  builds and returns a string to a valid version string .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  build   data
truth:  return   return

test:  inheriting inheriting from a tear .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that digits with digits with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   performance

test:  returns the number of n items in the given way .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  square   a
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a reference to a media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   media
truth:  retain   a

test:  returns a dictionary describing all "reverse" and four page .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  automatically creates a new user .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  create   signal
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that fasta and qual scores are supported by equivalency .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  raise   fasta
truth:  tests   tests

test:  parse an accept header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves current setting to a specific value .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  null   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a folder containing multiple time items .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a line to a 3d line .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert two pairs in geometry to right feature .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  checks the tree structure that the tree test on the tree .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  clip   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex cdouble to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  use   a
truth:  cast   a

test:  adds a route table to the given route .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  gets a deploy environment from the current environment if an error occurs .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  port   value
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of the configured rabbitmqctl rabbitmqctl windows .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  installed   list
truth:  return   a

test:  prepare a exception .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  sets   status

test:  a context manager to temporarily change requirements to a given requirements .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  context   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get new values .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  update   target
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test cancel a question .
truth: test question . 
test:  question   question
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  shows the default migration instance .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  set   configures
truth:  executes   null

test:  verify that the specified package exists .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  if   sys
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs range type works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load a batch of data .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse a string in an [hdfs] command and return a python list .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  database string listing all pending tables .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  return   list
truth:  make   null

test:  download the latest artifacts artifacts in the account .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  downloads   object
truth:  download   download

test:  decorator to indicate that a method is a task on a setup .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   a
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  combine powers so we cant forces prefix correctly .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  build   elements
truth:  join   join

test:  returns a string representing a local domain .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates an instance of the specified instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  null   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wsgi entry point .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  null   wsgi
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if a particular ip address is available .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  check   check
truth:  vms   vms

test:  compute local edge connectivity for nodes and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize a new bootstrap api .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  initialize   delete
truth:  function   function

test:  given a tree for a given trees .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print higher to a given color .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  block   login
truth:  print   print

test:  delete a default history instance .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   handler
truth:  updates   updates

test:  options nit : int .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  null   signals
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the locate data from stats cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  return   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove duplicates from duplicates .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  remove   replace
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  testing must not have a boolean for creating a boolean .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the string through an xfs document .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  remove   run
truth:  null   null

test:  check if a feature is enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  transform a tensor into an empty array .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot the system via the system cli example: .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  checkout/payment - get the checkout/payment url to the context for url .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   null

test:  list available databases cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  repairs   in
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return absolute path if it isnt there .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the queryset of all the given request .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check if the given node is a python node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   collar
truth:  add   collar

test:  remove all cyclic and a sorted list of cyclic characters that are the same length of the second kind .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  sum exponential correlation model for theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  output json for a vm vm : string vm to be targeted type of vm .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  output   send
truth:  lookup   info

test:  detects the contents of the given linux distribution .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set symmetric diff .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a review request instance .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of a mount point clone .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a list of mf files into a list of column files .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  to   crud
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the closest matches to a reference .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  authentication handler for the user .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  djangos   context
truth:  context   context

test:  check if a folder exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  quote / arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which takes a single argument that may be passed to the list of strings .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  run custom patch .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  run   a

test:  wale_log_destination is present if all the requirements are present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  displays internet account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  account   test
truth:  be   null

test:  find an x509 certificate in given certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object for a file this tries to load and return its contents .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get descendant random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns a string representation of the section or subsection that sets the xblocks release date .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  ensures   null

test:  given a number of values .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sample   num

test:  deletes a new config item .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  see regression .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  filter   model
truth:  model   model

test:  test for get word from c file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  track   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  run   a

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  close   shutdown
truth:  clears   null

test:  asserts that the redirect redirect to function other versioned redirect to an http call .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all elements of sequence with pandas units in given sequence .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  attempt to commit the repository to a repository .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  short   get

test:  compute the icon for an image .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  produces   null

test:  generate a random string of "length" characters .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper method to extract list of existing user fields any key fields for the provided user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  evaluate a multivariate polynomial at the bottom of the vector in svd .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  empty   primary
truth:  generates   a

test:  change certificate certificates in certificate .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  null   in
truth:  list   list

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns a string representing the same degree as a string .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a string of .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   python

test:  returns a string representation of a row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  get a blob key from a path on a datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  calculates an exponential transform .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  is   names
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set cohort to a legacy topic .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  commit a cluster .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  reboot   riak
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  extract user messages from a list of tuples .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load csv file names from a numpy array or dictionary-to-object-translation = make_style(opts= .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   csv

test:  get the bcaddress version of an address string .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  load a dictionary of word indices from the path .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  given   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that a non-existing by errors with a wrong ['f' .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  test   export
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test with an alternate signal .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  question   null
truth:  test   test

test:  cpickle version of urllib .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  obj   object
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points to a points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  rotate   key
truth:  transform   transform

test:  convert a voxel into a sphere .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  tear down the hold channel .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  give   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse options starting with options and move it into a list of tokens .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  atom   atom

test:  ensure that the matches the pathname does not exist .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new child with the given css gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  get the evaluated value as a list of dictionaries .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return current form data .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  if   current

test:  loop through stdin loop that require stdin and passes the number of options .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  return trackinfo discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  null   work
truth:  return   inverse

test:  gets information about the user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  get   get

test:  bitsource get the minimum of the previous ip address .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  produce   null

test:  test a simple bar with a musicbrainz labels .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   bar

test:  converts a string into a unicode object .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  value   a
truth:  forces   a

test:  a helpful dict from a group of sequences .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate an md5 hash of string .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  generate   new
truth:  using   encoder

test:  decorator to execute http request .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  ask   include
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can access the page to the page .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  is   a
truth:  give   a

test:  retrieve all the locales available but with the requested locale .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  ireport restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the storage plugins .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   run
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position tilt tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  set   set
truth:  to   move

test:  check whether a particular img difference occurs occurs by a value .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  null   switch
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write the packages header and append a should be tagged .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  generate   transaction
truth:  writes   null

test:  converts a request to a list of tuples .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  list   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the named group of a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  downloads api everything from a url in download .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  get   get

test:  generate reorder entries that correspond to commit entries .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this doesnt use a template instead of rendering .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if a process already exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  subtract an element of the leading coefficient from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   return
truth:  subtract   null

test:  return matching images .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  generate   implements
truth:  select   null

test:  load the original metric .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  generate   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns an iterable of spectral ordering of a directed network matrix .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  update the vote vote lookups with user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  marks   update
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking if the user has access to the given admin .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs the given flask application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  validate netmask mask for ambiguous .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a given file from the given admin admin folder .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   data

test:  return the path to the directory containing the given template path .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a reference to the log of the reference .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  check if a library library version is installed .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  this function finds a random range(n) of the standard fibonacci function .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  check   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  rq command .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  split   command
truth:  null   script

test:  very very weird convert a string to hex .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   null

test:  logs a module attribute to a module .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert the < < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  test a np .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  make   a
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  align the log to the untrusted cleanup .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  a list of all users .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a label name from a lyrics one .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  inplace   null
truth:  label   label

test:  write a single file .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  order   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a function to check if a number is already matching a number .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  search   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  generates a list of files and an open file .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  runs   reverse
truth:  merge   directory

test:  help - displays the help page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the ith order of x .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  unserialize part of the keys for an object .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  fake   shell
truth:  add   add

test:  queries the stl case of a stl activity group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  computes subresultant resultant of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  gcd   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  apply a skiptemplate playlist to a mpd .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  write   null
truth:  format   playlist

test:  check to see if a certificate has a extension extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  enqueue a function or log and add it to a job .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield all items in order .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  yield   use
truth:  return   return

test:  hash a password with the given ldap hash algorithm .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  null   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  this decorator wraps a method in a hachoir module so we can make sure that a previously able to call a <script> caching .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  raise an error if expected and log are the same as expected .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  specified   error
truth:  log   log

test:  performs the shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  shift   shift

test:  add allocated_id to the cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   chunks
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status to customer and set it as the output .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  get current network using counters .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  copy a file .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  null   image
truth:  imports   data

test:  autogen autogen docstring with a method docstring .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  return   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  image of itertools .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  null   find
truth:  insert   identity

test:  find the path recursively ensure that files exist .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  loads   everything

test:  return an instance of a provider .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to find a context from a specified context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   context
truth:  get   a

test:  reshapes an input variable without copy .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   work
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir or truncate file .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  view   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : list field_seq field_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dataframe representation of the provided tree .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a list of partition devices .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   sequence
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert s to float or float .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  s   bytes
truth:  converts   converts

test:  create a spelling .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  create   a
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test deprecated class with a class with a class set .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add charset to the given charset .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   character

test:  called when the main editor is about to the main page .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  class decorator to cause qt class to class probabilities .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   a

test:  return list of available hello settings .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries into __kind__ known known known __property__ query known parts .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  display a client for a specified user .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  converts   list
truth:  null   hint

test:  get tox environment from the user by calling its version .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  returns   tox
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the correct text of text .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   a

test:  a helper function to load a network field .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a cubic .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  update   convert
truth:  compute   h

test:  returns current date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   current

test:  test mapnode json .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  selected catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  default   template
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the logistic derivative of the hyperbolic function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  redirect to the cci instance .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  function   in
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the google_calendar_devices .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  determine if the path given as python path should be ignored .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  if   check

test:  test for issue helper .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  make   attachments
truth:  test   test

test:  dedent nodetext .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   a
truth:  dedent   null

test:  dump the network and run the network .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  dump   connections

test:  returns {status 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes a synonym synonym .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  determine if the lines is intersecting inside the x .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  return fetch information for mobius fetch .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   core
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convenience function for creating a scalar .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   reduction

test:  task to send given message through router to an existing message .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  computes   average
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return a dictionary of the elements of the dictionary d .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add the relayiplist disk devices .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  looks   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a copy of the current session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor square-free cyclotomic cyclotomic finite fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  verifies   compute
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  host   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade versions of a release .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   fill
truth:  fill   fill

test:  set the current specified user .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   switch
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  a wrapper around timeit that returns the timeit function of seconds .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   timeit

test:  separate evalf logarithm of many arrays .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  initiate   null
truth:  change   change

test:  test the configurable state of the passed state .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a profile list of visible profiles .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  list   view
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether an ipv4 address is inside a function: address .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  template   return
truth:  if   check

test:  given input apply batch inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  batch   factory
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a list of available .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return down:appname for sites sites .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate an utf-8 string .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  null   check
truth:  if   validate

test:  return a 2d loop using flocker .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  returns   new

test:  a helper function that helps the content length to get a new content length .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  returns a single base36-encoded cli example: .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a generate algebraic header dask and update header for the given header of obj .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a date string and return a date .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test using an edge should be a mask .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   laplace

test:  helper to determine if the provided interface exists .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  cached   parse
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  send out a remote request to the queue .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  release   checks
truth:  sends   null

test:  generate a template source file and add it to the module .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  renders   markdown
truth:  return   return

test:  extract user event from http caller .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  apply   lookup
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return integer in bytes .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   python
truth:  return   return

test:  run a bash shell command .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  format   wrap
truth:  escape   escape

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return the gravatar url for the given gravatar .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  url   url
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information criterion estimated with kde did not run on the kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  given a valid set of phantomjs on a browser browser .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pings   null
truth:  if   null

test:  takes a hex hex hex string and returns a byte string with the associated hex hex hex hex hex characters .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  take   print
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_100nsec_timer url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import custom scripts .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  sync   custom
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  check for given header header .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  count   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns both precence and verify if invalid .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  input   action
truth:  null   utility

test:  function called by context-management a function in a url .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the sheet thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that represent files that have a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  find   find

test:  initialize streams .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  initialize   use
truth:  null   null

test:  return a python name compatible with the name .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  construct   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  determine the public url for a given server .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure the named grafana name is absent name the alias to remove force bookmark to remove force : boolean try to destroy the child force on removal .
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  construct   craft
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  converts string to astring .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a status code object corresponding to the given redirect .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  identify   a
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  checks the length of the supplied string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset plus a bootstrap formset .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   a
truth:  render   a

test:  a single error message assumes that a status has been static before responding .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  prepare   chain
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  read stack logs .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detects   exit
truth:  access   access

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  application which cooperatively pauses headers .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two variables: and right values that are not shared by the last two fixed keys .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   parameters
truth:  compare   compare

test:  validate if a test resource is present in the env .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   parameters

test:  displays bootstrap widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   a

test:  handles an deleted collision collision form .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  report   arguments
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders that have been folders in this location .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get hypervisor uptime .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  expand   list
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  invoke a remote method that does not return anything .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  broadcast   call
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the configuration of the device cli example: .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  to   null
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific network .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a percentage from a pcap .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  add   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  provided for derivative of functions and their overriding output .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  implements   network
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dict containing the elements of the provided auth .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  parse request that has been configured for a twisted api .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  get   get

test:  converts rgb image to hsv space on hsv space .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  convert a numpy value to a list of values .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  set a list of existing existing existing existing existing time .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the distance between the two 1-d arrays .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   observation

test:  add a ruby source .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the smtp module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  set the network either the network or the network property or the network interface .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   remote
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a pdb header into .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate a list of updating quotation .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  set a sequence of file => configurations .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  if   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns true if the server requires last error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for checking if a pkg already exists .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  creates   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable an interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  function which will do not allow automatically deleted when executing arguments passed .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the evaluated value as a evaluated string .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the data into a mnist file .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  constructs and verifies that a method property property .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  null   key
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  store a specific jobs given by its jid cli example: .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  store   store

test:  send message to skype .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  returns   send
truth:  sending   sending

test:  returns all snippet files in the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clear and do any of the task queue .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  config   caches
truth:  clear   database

test:  return a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  divide all coefficients by gcd in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  read the msgpack msgpack or timestamp from a msgpack file .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  given   helper
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  get the reverse primers of the given id .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the theano pdf of the angle between two points .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes the entity from the table .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  performs   a

test:  register the options for the current active engine .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  test if importable .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  default   arguments
truth:  test   script

test:  get exception data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  exception   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  given the object c{obj} and the first pyfunction .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  if   get
truth:  infer   infer

test:  find the first available file from the system .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  compiler factory for the _compiler .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  null   array
truth:  null   factory

test:  checks if email is not registered with the cloexec automatic automatic then dask it .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  do   null
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test a table with a column that has a column .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  get   a
truth:  test   test

test:  when a managed test .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  function   load
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns an problems of all problems in the given section .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  field_req : atom | atom trailer .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build finished .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  check   runs
truth:  runs   a

test:  return a list of weakly connected components of a graph .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   context
truth:  generate   generate

test:  add a process and process a process .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   a

test:  translate a list of versions to a set of jobconf versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  translate   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate a google cloud storage modules .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validates   environment
truth:  validate   validate

test:  converts a timestamp to a datetime object .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  filter email hook .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  receives   shortcut
truth:  filter   filter

test:  remove a port from a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   port
truth:  remove   a

test:  restore a certificate to the interior directory .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  restores   null

test:  check when a string is created without significance .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save the registry cache dictionary into the given registry .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  hook   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the first elements of the sequence of coords .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  have   function
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a warning message .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  show   task
truth:  print   a

test:  generate n n out of a lms .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  default   registration
truth:  uses   uses

test:  check if the file is a python file by checking if it is an archive .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return action that embeds the package this function is getting getting a places that is checkers .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   background

test:  return a link to the html .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  fix up registered at which install expires .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  pack   null
truth:  setup   python

test:  writes an error message and writes the given message and exit .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  print   exit
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for gear gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  calculates the index on a list of elapse .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all available triggers triggers on the given location .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a json string with information about the user certificates and request .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state on or sls cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disables   null
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given ip address returns the appropriate validators for the given validators .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  check if a server is in a specific service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  if   in
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a tuple of dicts of two lists of dicts .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  like unpickle .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  utility function to print out the categories in the specified parent .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  null   staff
truth:  print   category

test:  tests that the grammar methods can be created for the given dict .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   controller
truth:  test   test

test:  get a file-like object for a file or a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   null

test:  delete all tests for the above above one .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns a unified diff of two arrays .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  select   scan
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to nipy and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig condrestart .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  wrap   cgconfig
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  temporarily load a single test .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  include   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove the file or directory unless it does not exist .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  replace   path
truth:  file   file

test:  returns the calendar file .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensures that the marathon app name the given id is not present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  run the entire ipython command with the given email and lock the same output as the configured email .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  if   use
truth:  is   null

test:  return the vms status .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check for a command line tools .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  if   response
truth:  to   helper

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  display   get
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempts access nested data structures and on a gross set of possible tuples .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  context   lists
truth:  access   access

test:  return the key key for a tie config item .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  settings   settings

test:  merge multiple keys from provided keys .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  validate   like
truth:  merge   merge

test:  encode incoming or bytes to bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  null   markup
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse a repository tag .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  splits   image

test:  returns md5 key for a nonce hash algorithm .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an work key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  search   get
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all fixed ip associated with specified querystring .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  determine whether the memoize should be allocated into an available: datetime .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write a file descriptor to a file .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract the root key for a key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  update scene exceptions that have changed exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  refresh   context
truth:  given   a

test:  deletes any update update for a given update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute polynomial irreducible in gf(p)[x] .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return true if count lun ids .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return an n-bit random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert data to chr format .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  print   works
truth:  to   try

test:  a helper method to create a default context .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  create   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a color object into a native color byte string .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure warm-start warm-start automatically saved .
truth: command history . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest time between begin and end .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterates over a child .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  format   format

test:  loads resized image and height .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  null   load
truth:  resize   images

test:  helper to format a timestamp into a unix timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  email   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks whether an exponential parsed returncode is valid .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  if   test
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a test directory that can be used to access a test .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   return

test:  validate a repository name .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  divide all coefficients of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  divide   null

test:  test if the event tracker matches the given secret and comments_disqus_api_secret_key .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  have   handler
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  encode a packet binary string .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  decodes   headers
truth:  encodes   a

test:  get a context request .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  renders the given usage key as courseware .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  check the icon to see if the file is in the same file .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  saves   dataset
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that will turn a virtual machine into a specific target for a given target .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  benchmark score of the wrap=true wrap=true .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  aggregate   line
truth:  to   method

test:  helper to incompat .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  get   return
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the default value for a along an axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  set inner variables to use .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  null   method
truth:  runs   runs

test:  given a text file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  filename   build
truth:  return   a

test:  given a broken file .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  given   call
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the ip address of the expression specified by regular expression .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  retrieve all lambda function details .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   dispatch
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a constant term in a interactive environment variable .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum of the paths with each component the respective components of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   inset
truth:  get   a

test:  extract the given filename from a zip file .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  archive   archive

test:  return the path to the scripts .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   call
truth:  function   function

test:  return the absolute path of a resource based on its resource .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return the unit unit length used by the unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  get   get

test:  look through all test cases that should be sids .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  return   functions
truth:  given   null

test:  get the ask for a particular user .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if and only if g is a maximal matching in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  decides   null

test:  adds a percentage sign (%) infront of each character (#) followed by a new line ( requirement: * microsoft sql tested against: notes: * useful to bypass several web application
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  replaces   space

test:  runs a django services on the given services .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  expected   cgi
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  generate   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  format a decimal and decimal places in decimal format into decimal places .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  runstest 1samp compute the expected column of *x* .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  compute   notification
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the number of angles angles as a series of vertices that is the following both theta and carving of the family distance between 0 .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  inserts   xml
truth:  order   order

test:  internal utility function here for python with autoescaping .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert a time string to an str() one .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  store item pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  null   a
truth:  store   store

test:  train the model and train any solver .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   null
truth:  train   a

test:  check the generated services for your test files .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  read   log
truth:  return   a

test:  insert the header into the stream .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the users uid .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  null   grain

test:  return a list of parent paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a temporary tempfile file and writes it to it .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the system info from a sqlalchemy object .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  owned   page
truth:  null   null

test:  run the sens tests .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  run   test
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a llvm format .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  call   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  replace all 1prev groups with the form that have a list of groups .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  named   find

test:  validate the provided hmac webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  check   check

test:  handler to logout .
truth: update request . 
test:  signal   log
truth:  request   request

test:  given an http page .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  url   url

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parses a config string and returns a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  generates a list of exporting exporting of channels of p .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  permutes   null

test:  merge a list of cookie cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  if   a
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   parts
truth:  write   a

test:  get a list of unhandled unhandled methods .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  get   a

test:  update an existing 'flagit object only .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  compute   redirect
truth:  update   update

test:  skip test if configuration is not available .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  decodes a single slug string to unicode .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  required   value
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this node .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  user model .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  update   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check if an object is a nonstring instance .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  check if the action filters matches the specified action .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  check   start
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return no no detrending .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  compute an error message for a positive integer .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  return   a
truth:  float   float

test:  returns mode over provided data table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered token .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  to   information
truth:  null   information

test:  check that local_gpu_elemwise_0 and optional separations separations .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the wigner wigner of the supplied 6j 6j .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  decorate axes with axes parameters .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  plot   params
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  remove the given file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders the given template with the given path and removes the django found .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the first differing element in gamma that are gamma .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  look up the generated module and return all modules cli example: .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  given a list of tree names .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  return   function
truth:  cache   tip

test:  return the arguments for the current process .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  efficiently select the two lazy script .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  call   return
truth:  run   run

test:  return all referenced in the given css .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   return

test:  best practice generator .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  iterates   attempts
truth:  null   messages

test:  test reading normal names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return the hits cost of a network .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to an integer .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  append text to the proper string .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  to   a
truth:  append   a

test:  locate the ith ith within a in the time .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  search   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes svn review requests in the specified branch .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  parsing template for parsing galaxy .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  template   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  group a list or order of an array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  insert   run
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns list of files matching the given directory name .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  apply migrations to facts fact fact using supplied facts dict .
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   prompt
truth:  apply   provider

test:  initialize the macrorecorder .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move host and port to a new one .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --editable --outdated flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  return a format string using a format name .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return relevant locale strings from system .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  configured   a
truth:  null   null

test:  load this state if the win_acl module exists .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  speed   a
truth:  null   a

test:  adds new component with the specified index .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  add   one
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert two polar elevation to polar elevation .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return dict of all keys in dictionary .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  returns   delete
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from an url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by key .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   inradius
truth:  get   get

test:  construct a protobuf from a document_pb .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  null   method

test:  tests the softmax of a regression where there is one of the operations .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  test e2 for rotation that xa returns e2 as a digital in theta .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   intervals
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 installed .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   works
truth:  null   null

test:  define a volume .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  returns a dataframe representing emails and vector of properties .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  defines   use
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision id for a revision .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  like non-encoded but consume consume with a method of sr .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  check whether unrar is installed and should be importable .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  if   version
truth:  return   version

test:  returns the sha-1 hash of a given key .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  generate   subroutine
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns smooth smooth or generalized file using directory .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  return   outputs
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the ancestor of a pandas instance type .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  assign   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new seuclidean vector .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   validate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of a named public key on the minion cli example: .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text color .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  output   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  round given given method to the given precision using the rounding digits .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  returns   numbers
truth:  value   value

test:  send email to inform observers about the user .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  reverses reverses given point .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  -- the iternext() value of a stop .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a rule into a gettext object .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  null   plural

test:  get the available devices .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  registers a class with the different yum-like extensions .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  a decorator that can be substituted .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  func   wrapper
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send notification to selected notification request .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  register   null
truth:  send   notifications

test:  construct a vhd description of an autogenerated certificate .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  run   seconds
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of a scrapy object into the result instance .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  starts   definition
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the new gcode file for a certain path .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  set   list
truth:  build   a

test:  generic pidof to chop .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  partitions   copies
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new block device and add it to another namespace .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   call
truth:  block   block

test:  get a complex point loop from outside points .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  an reply .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  list   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  return a file descriptor for a given path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  adds the logged in the current page to the request if it doesnt already exist .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove an attribute from a vmware host .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  load an encrypted value from a key .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  load   load
truth:  build   build

test:  parse options used for options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns a qicon .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  if   find
truth:  return   sequence

test:  recursively traverse per sff files from sff .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  mimic   null
truth:  return   a

test:  constant-time string comparison .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  keep keep that correspond to original list of lists .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a timezone offset .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the xonsh builtins failed .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   push

test:  fixture to create a valid actual file .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the durbin-watson statistic for each value in the passed axis .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return list of cohorted partition partition ids .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the key entry for the given key and name .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  connect   key
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves an open order linear differential equations with the given order .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of b onto one of its node sets .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  get the comma .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  this will invalidate the cms page on the queue .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  get musicbrainz album object for an album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  given   a
truth:  search   search

test:  compute a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  call   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove either a bokeh file or a target file .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the global profiler .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  set   tool
truth:  sets   sets

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  wrap   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  loads one or more checks .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  checks   validate
truth:  find   a

test:  copy an image to the destination file using sample .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  files   files
truth:  copy   copy

test:  value_on any existing symbol in the given symbol .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  if   mount
truth:  update   update

test:  get the cache mtime .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  returns true/false boolean if user can view the staff user .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  given a list of media files and subpackages .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  format   a
truth:  embed   media

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  disconnect a user backend for the given request .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  set   fixture
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a *m* integer .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  yield all .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  yields   firewall
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: attr_gt only works when access_objs attribute < 1 .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   objattr
truth:  null   null

test:  test edf of edf .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the path of an certificates file .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   try
truth:  get   get

test:  alias for ftp bytes that should not contain a file .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  convert principal result to a raised process .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  write   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a number into a human readable format .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  return   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clears internal internal cache for all pregnancy .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a iso looking date string and return a datetime object .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert estimator into multiple indexing .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a dict of keywords .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister a check with the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  deregister   checks
truth:  removes   a

test:  check if a color of the provided greyscale color is supported by some entirely .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  null   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  write a record to a file .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   null

test:  a page must be an invalid page .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  null   sequences
truth:  null   page

test:  return the default value for this process .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  parameters any instance data from django data .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  return   session
truth:  translate   translate

test:  get the hostname from the hostname .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  subtype decorator to ensure that a function is never generated on success .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get the alternate configuration for the specified alternate configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if we have a recent reduce .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  null   mime
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax api api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update no file .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  check   null
truth:  load   tm

test:  returns a bem for forward compilation .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  read   up
truth:  create   a

test:  convert pil image to a numpy array of scales .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  retrieve attributes for column attributes .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  extract   information

test:  load the template .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  read   a
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  start the xml witn .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  blocks   render
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using stochastic stochastic plus stochastic model x: input sound .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a string to a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return ec2 credentials cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  exponential linear unit function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  removes a plugin from the current plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns an approximate minimum tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes message to standard .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  missed   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns where the first element in the list is selected .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  creates a new mapped namespace .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   call
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake participant with the given participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a description from a service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  calculates the epsilon closure of the first testcase .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict describing all ebs groups .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the raft raft set of prefix .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  get   settings
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the global distutils level .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wraps rpc request and similar methods to the given obj .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  exception   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  called when the jobs of no threading is shut down .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify utc time in iso date format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  rfc   utc
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense sparse matrix into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge all files under fn .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  files   files

test:  prints a human readable tree .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   tree

test:  completely clear svnfs cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure we can do it automatically after ident .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library exists .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  can be instantiated .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   runs
truth:  test   program

test:  fix up a child process in an existing pairwise .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   create
truth:  executes   null

test:  install the given signal handler for created .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  parse the channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  add a candidate albuminfo object to a candidate .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a volume and returns it .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  export   a
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw a graph g with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  check if input can be converted to a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  map the version string removing extra version and version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  map   return
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a formatted time as a timestamp string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns the given string object formatted for the given encoding .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  to   decodes
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that fix can be confirmation when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  known   entity
truth:  test   x10

test:  create the xml element .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  this creates a new wsgi wsgi application .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  make   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return or for windows .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  returns   enforces
truth:  derive   ini

test:  register a class with a list of calls to an focus .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  register   add
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  bootstrapping the nodes by every line in the nodes that arent the nodes of the nodes to nodes .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  allows   tree
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets a list of normalized substitutions .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  triangular moving average .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  null   exponential
truth:  value   value

test:  swiss a seed to seed the numpy value .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   seed

test:  parse a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  encode a python version as url .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  encode   data

test:  test to ensure we can skip to skip test .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loads   null

test:  verify that the setting doesnt have hdmi_edid_file=%s .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  assert   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if there are changed in the app .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  check a graph from a graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  inverts   a

test:  remove all existing session .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns the first compressor file and represent the first variable containing the same file as needed for display on the file .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  detect   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the given options .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   command
truth:  command   command

test:  transform the gender word for the gender .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check for except: .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test file downloading over post .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  set the locale locale to use .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  read   a
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete images on an image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numeric sympy .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  generate a unique authentication digest .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return linode instance details .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  get   up
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that headers can be passed to the response .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   response
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dict describing specific configuration object .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the specified namespace if it exists .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads an external class from the given router file by name .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  converts django state to master master client .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   function
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a form form that maps multiple import information to commands .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  sum   machines
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes a black layer from the expression .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   loss

test:  returns versions of versions of the versions of salt information .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  report   report

test:  create a regex given a regular expression .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert composite composite array into something more bytes .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  create a new extension instance to add it to your extension .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  format a new blocks in a nice .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  load a configuration file from a file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   in
truth:  to   helper

test:  replace all dots with the provided document names .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  null   method

test:  returns boolean unless the input is a sparse basis .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  if   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  calls a given state with a list of rfc state this method will be a galaxy layout .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  return   get
truth:  loop   loop

test:  upload a subjects file to a subjects directory .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  skip   =
truth:  set   set

test:  pad the data to a scalar or column .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  index   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return a tuple for rendered template tag .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure the file does not exist .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  require   null

test:  wrapper to get a field on a widget .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse the given string and return it .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  given either a type or a list of type strings .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  given   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  given a string of markdown .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  send   send

test:  an dont raise a error if dont exist .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  error   null
truth:  throw   null

test:  build a list of setenv variables which will represent the tip .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  filters   changes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a base64 image from a string .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  base64   base64

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  returns the unsupported protocol .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  uses the m3 .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  run the tests .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output the debugging information for debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  creates a new cluster .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determine the matching ipv4 address to receive .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  load a user config file and return it .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  load   config
truth:  read   user

test:  invert the tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  inverts   a

test:  decode a raw uuid string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  null   uuid
truth:  decode   a

test:  sets a vhost vhost via rabbitmqctl command .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  handles a comment by combining it to the new translation and displays it .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  save   checks
truth:  stores   a

test:  load data from the given schema .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of friends in friends .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   null

test:  returns base64 base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  cast expressions to none or function .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  transform   compute
truth:  null   effects

test:  checks that the mapping of mapping are valid .
truth: gets header . 
test:  raises   checks
truth:  header   header

test:  creates the name of the view that should be requesting as the given context .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  if   attribute
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  the header is a copy of the life .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a bezier by name .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   decorator
truth:  infer   a

test:  determine the repository version of a given repository .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  will check the __unify_walk__ object .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  return   object
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  confine   load
truth:  works   works

test:  return a list of paths to source files .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  unquotes a header value for the given header .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  adds the given document to the document against the given document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  generate   checks
truth:  cancel   null

test:  return an enum class object .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get attachment specs for the specified attachment record .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string into a time .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get interpret plugin filenames .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a toolshed .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ensure its pair with close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  pair   pair

test:  recvfd wrapper .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  given a string of the form passed into a hex form .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  build   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the first content of something and the content of a character .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  error   return
truth:  content   content

test:  parses a single original entry from a list of images .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  parse   entry

test:  get a list of existing figure managers the current figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  block   a
truth:  set   set

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  call   need
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete an exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   atomic
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with a gaussian model .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  test   in
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  returns a list of quietfuncdef devices .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  format   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  decorator to decorate that requires http credentials to be recorded .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run a shell command on a shell .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   null
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists wiki documents needs a review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   get
truth:  count   count

test:  add dense polynomials in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  settings   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  apropriate apropriate on an object .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  is   string
truth:  return   return

test:  test secondary option .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   chart
truth:  test   test

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return an access sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  require python package installation .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   python
truth:  test   python

test:  return all the tests for the given path .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  renders all the follow objects for a url .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies that a cypher is valid .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  provides   verifies
truth:  verifies   a

test:  preprocess a :func:textwrap operation .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  duplicates   use
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  converts   value
truth:  value   value

test:  return which would have resource paths .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  add   a

test:  upgrade the input data .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  run   params
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the clip of a clip of two places .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  determines   cleaning
truth:  null   null

test:  the comments of a feature .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that makes sure a validator is valid .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp of a timestamp instance .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  format   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  rewrite the given path .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the image with the specified image .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   add
truth:  update   update

test:  normalize a website by name the name of the file to be removed .
truth: internal function . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an xri to iri-normal form .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test x with optional labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  add introspection scores to the responder scores in responder list .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  get a subprocess environment overrides to use when subprocess is displayed by subprocess .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  get   environment
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  ajax handler for oauth2 user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  flask   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group rule cli examples: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  does the content .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  content   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  read a python file from a text file .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   in

test:  given a .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   fetch
truth:  function   function

test:  bind standard ids to a single pair of text .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  bind   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper to check coordinate coordinate systems for a shaded .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  if   test
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find all the dictionary keys in a named table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate checksum for our keyword arguments .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the list of instances of the workgroup workgroup .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the laplace norm of *a* .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  format   kivy
truth:  compute   compute

test:  pause a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  unpauses   change
truth:  pauses   a

test:  turn a list of tuples into a comma-separated vectors .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  increment   apply
truth:  make   a

test:  computes the completeness of two completeness .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   reading
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest on all platforms .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  function   doctest
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener director object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the given path .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  is   a
truth:  given   a

test:  start a file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  start   a
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  train a script and return its contents of a folder .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  plot   aws
truth:  based   demo

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function for authentication error handling .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show all features available for this minion cli example: .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  tests that the softmax layer can save a few smoke in a connection .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  make   tests
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the directory of an instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return information about the named group cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the vectorized of a matrix .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the task .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   summary
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  normalize the string s using the forests code removed .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  return   format
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  return the tip portion of a pathname .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   create
truth:  split   a

test:  wait for a path to the start .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  generate a generator for the tuples .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  create a custom structure of the existence of a script .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get default arguments .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the distance between two quaternions solution .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  cross   cross

test:  return dictionary mapping port details of ports details to port .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  replace   ports
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  calculate the classifier match between classifier and the classifier provided .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a target target .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  compute the distances along the whole curve .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  encodes a local wanted format for wanted .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  indentation   parse
truth:  compare   a

test:  returns all job and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a service group cli example: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  add   a
truth:  set   up

test:  change the path for tv .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   quote
truth:  change   change

test:  determine if the object is a block of block .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to return a decorator that serves the specified patch after a test .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to make sure decorator is logged in field_type .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a fixture fixture .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  automatically remove the users left left and saving it .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to limit .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  check that the current value is a valid cli example: .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  check   assert
truth:  verify   null

test:  match a disk device matching a questions of a given device .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  if   matching
truth:  matches   matches

test:  decorator that returns a lazy lazy .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  seen_union : service field_type identifier .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   distance
truth:  null   service

test:  recursively traverse the files in a directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   a

test:  write the xml file .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   xml
truth:  send   send

test:  gets the trace_component user on the given profile .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload version of an image - async version .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   images
truth:  upload   upload

test:  converts basestring objects to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  return   args
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns barcode barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  fetch   prints
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deletes a user .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  change the file path of the file or directory for the given path .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  change   path
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can translation translation on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  filter out private token with the provided token and access token .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  token   access
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test serie as non iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   chart
truth:  serie   test

test:  import kit file .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   check
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate an sufficiently api key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the directories that are empty by the tests directory .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   call
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  make a resource .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  make   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  replace replace arguments with masked values .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  get   null
truth:  format   format

test:  repack the repack .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  use   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds a unique rule for the specified port and port .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  call   handler
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a module name of a module .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  generate   tuple
truth:  assemble   a

test:  given a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test that you can use a lazy log .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  cleans the current page .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  context   delete
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  release release version from the docs .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience wrapper around yaml .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  like   deserialize
truth:  loads   a

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the cloud provider .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the transparent torification object .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test that a library has ten extensions .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of subgraph that have different dtypes in the given order .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  return the index of an predicate .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  give   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a valid tokenizer tokenizer for aware tokens starting with aware replaced by aware .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  takes   content
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of sorted from a given utf8-encoded string .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the provided ip is a valid correctly address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the current localizable attributes .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  get   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a normalized expression to a multinomial project .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  null   call
truth:  source   source

test:  break the pairwise matrix of x .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  count   output
truth:  handle   handle

test:  returns the index of the first word in the word .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  get   get
truth:  splits   null

test:  returns the creation time of a volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  simple test for initalize .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  null   gradient

test:  ensure tool contains exactly one tool shed .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  prints   reverse
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  extract the integer representation of a ovf matrix .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encodes a string value using base64 .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  checks whether a color can be interpreted as a float .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  color   color

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  wraps the path into a compilationresultset .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  extracts   null

test:  transform messages into a more than one messages .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  trims   key
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if the given path was run out the site .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if g is a isolate edges .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  process a cache that converts a cache into a numpy tensor with a inter tensor .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  check   read
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a snapshot .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a requirements .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read an image file .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  reads   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  try to return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call signature:: plot a polar plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   call
truth:  make   a

test:  given an xml code object .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create custom metric .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   metric

test:  handle remote button and builds production button .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  null   handle
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  sets the relevant account for the current thread .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   watchers
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to reset a job status from a job .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  if   method
truth:  null   method

test:  compute cluster connectivity using dpss connectivity .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  check   p
truth:  null   null

test:  update the point on a multi-part host .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  null   set
truth:  return   a

test:  invoke the given callback from the given failure .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  gcd   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the mqtt platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  check locale from languages .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  provides   roles
truth:  make   null

test:  migrate the primary node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  change   null
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  return a list of comments .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  change the list of all valid vulns .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  do   change
truth:  structured   null

test:  controller to parameter .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  identify   a
truth:  null   controller

test:  run python python cmd in a subprocess .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the access code needed to authenticate with the following command-line analytics .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  join   helper
truth:  obtain   null

test:  test setcookiesfromurl with cookies enabled .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  object import .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   imports
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of tuples representing all available data files and their subpackages :type value: list of strings .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes % characters .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: _varintdecoder() specifies the jenkins downstream of a build step .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a packed binary array of uint8 elements .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  packs   null

test:  q is a list of objects .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  allow   object
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a theano shared variable .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   current
truth:  lookup   a

test:  load a extension extension from a module and add its extension .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  imports   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  decorator to cause a value in the input .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new ssl context and return a tuple .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  address   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate that a list of json text is unique .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  get   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate all the depth of the tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  construct signal from coordinate with the same covariance as integer .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  construct   entities
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  calculate an sha for uploaded file .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns true if the ticket files has been changed .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get extra specs for flavor specs .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  prints out an undefined snippet in step definition .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  push   a
truth:  print   snippets

test:  ensure a node is created when both contributors and reverted .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  return   directories
truth:  serialize   a

test:  takes a list of numbers .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  accepts   sort
truth:  return   a

test:  min-max interpolates a csr or conv2d .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the hermite size of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  changes a new configurations .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  look   up

test:  generate an md5 hash of the given key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  cache   cache

test:  exercise validations policy from specified source code .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the mb of [] .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml provider cli example: .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  generate a random regression with multiple kroneckerdelta .
truth: like rand . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert an http code to a string of the form .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  to   string
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return true if the first file is a singleton .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  dump message into log file .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  print   null
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generator that creates a generator of strings .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  output   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generative this is a convenience function to generative a task that may be run .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  exposes a widget by name .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert a translations dict to a list of expected_volume and the translations for the plural functions to create a dict of the generated translations .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   input
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate a trace from an do not raise api .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  context   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper around list of process .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  null   system
truth:  null   null

test:  do simple adapt references to adapt .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  adapt   null
truth:  map   map

test:  slugify a string that can be used to slugify in a buffer that can be loaded .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  if   string
truth:  null   a

test:  extract host port from running host .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  inspect   a

test:  create the form: was added; in the given reference cli example: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  build   build
truth:  add   route

test:  reorder the webapp convolution .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  takes a dct dict and returns a dictionary .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  take   null

test:  block ip addresses until it is propagated .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  wait   time
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  converts an integer to an integer .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  check   check

test:  open a base context with debugging log messages .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  set   set

test:  render an form form **tag name**:: errors .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   formset
truth:  form   form

test:  dump the list of global modes .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add rotation from path .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   path

test:  returns the first epoch of the epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the data into a numpy array of mnist mnist .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  requires and pick / option and delete strings and --version .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  define   set
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  search   search

test:  read a json string from the given kind and return it as a string .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  gets a mock request to use for django requests .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns correct accuracy of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to open a file from a local url .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  returns a string to get the ascii terminal .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  bind   a
truth:  null   json

test:  returns a string like a cookie .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and read the output as pillar .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   indent
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if options is a global filename .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  extracts the name of the first tree of a tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns the trees of the parent trees which are cached to the parent of when one of the parent node .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  get   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a key for the specified config .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   current

test:  find a strong strong classifier for every second container name container name or others .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  call   a

test:  add a user to the htpasswd file using the htpasswd command .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show the notification cli examples: .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   call
truth:  null   notification

test:  get any optional timestamp information about any of the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper on windows .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   html

test:  get the layer from the endpoint .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a set of files and find the changed library .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  award an :class:iprovisioner instance to the specific user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  assign   models
truth:  null   badges

test:  this is run when interactive interactive ui .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  runs   list
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test packagefinder only accepts a finder .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets a categories categories for a list of blog objects .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  generic function that returns a list of names that apply as defined by the routine .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  return   image
truth:  determine   null

test:  reads the deprecated width of a file .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   count
truth:  count   count

test:  serialize the users avatar url into a javascript object .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reset the global configuration state to the current environment .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  reset   mavexporer
truth:  populate   docker

test:  safe form of repr .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  create   version
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the singular field of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the specified flv header characters and writes the eip subclass .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  parsing   up
truth:  writes   null

test:  adjust root of a covariance matrix for a callable .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  see   media
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 from paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the correlation quadrature nodes and variance .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of v2 v2 .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  train   tool
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that a tree is an array of tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  creates a new message .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  calculate   guess
truth:  change   message

test:  return a connected cluster instance .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  build   a

test:  get the keys of a pillar from the selected database cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates test user with test permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if guts is guts .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  null   check
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a form to cache its current form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get a python application object for the current thread .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  const_value : ref_type | dubconstant | literal | const_list | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   hash
truth:  null   null

test:  yield all rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  get   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  calculates a total header length as a bytearray of the same length as a dictionary of rfc 2822 .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  construct   arguments
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the given path has a file on the given path .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  null   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted fraction decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test on python 2 .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate from the given domain cli example: .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  y-values the elements of a sequence .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  return   split
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  loads the configuration and returns it .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  get   get

test:  morning star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  hold   star
truth:  null   cloud

test:  create and records from a json record .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  value   value

test:  given a directory and categories .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 string to human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add the closest from surrounding to surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  to   add

test:  creates a thread and returns it .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that system a folder when a folder cannot be labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   pdp
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  loads a given module .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the status of a http status status cli examples: .
truth: get status code . 
test:  given   return
truth:  get   status

test:  delete stripe .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as a fif file .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pick
truth:  read   read

test:  extend a service and listen name for each service .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  makes   current
truth:  null   method

test:  test for full project we can use .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  test   null
truth:  load   load

test:  returns unified diff without indicated leading text .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   return
truth:  text   text

test:  return a :class:~datetime object for the current time .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of the docstrings modules that match the minion .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to delete a temporary object from an object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  expand   set
truth:  set   set

test:  mount a logical device .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   close
truth:  mount   mount

test:  presents the exception for a newly created resource .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a list of phases by plugin .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  checks if file can be accessed based on article .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  adds a description of all receivers to each of the given plugin .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  extract and return a cookie for the given user .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  request   request

test:  extract list of strings for each string in the series/index .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  based   wrap
truth:  split   split

test:  parse tracked options and return them in urllib3 .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  seq   seq
truth:  expr   expr

test:  take a string containing a list of into a comma-separated .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  use   standard
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  creates a deferred and returns none if it doesnt exists .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   function
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  get a security group by id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   security
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  divide all successive chunks in a series of size chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  updates a draft with the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  display   updates
truth:  sync   sync

test:  given a url remove the url and the optional fragment .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  put   a

test:  encrypts the given journal into the database .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  uses   use
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  send out a command to a specified condition .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test specific specific selected operation on a specific operation .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  test   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to a hipchat client .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  uses   messages
truth:  send   message

test:  checks the user can grant to a standard policy .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  verifies   checks
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  activities for updating customise .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  list   ownership
truth:  customize   null

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert obj into a model and return it .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  extract parameters from an action .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  mark a function as c{f} .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  applies   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to retrieve a ccx courses from a course .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   decodes
truth:  like   like

test:  test %reset ip address .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  test   test
truth:  reset   reset

test:  call a wsgi application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  returns   response
truth:  creates   a

test:  train a strictly matrix exponential of the same features as the default colormap .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  implements   null
truth:  train   a

test:  send a message to an event .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   a

test:  returns list of users admin .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find a machine by name and dns domain object .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  find   vm
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url string .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  minimum of all integration requests .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  like iter_fiels but decodes the given input with the close .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  indentation   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  click the button/link with the specified browser .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  helper function to enforce html .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack holes to rack .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if extended .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  given two axes returns a threshold sauvola .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  threshold   parameters
truth:  applies   null

test:  get a list of existing figure items for a canvas .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission grant on a role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary converts a dictionary with nested values to a single level flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  flatten   a

test:  returns a string version of a timedelta object .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  given   null
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler set environment variables to the build as build .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  load xml files from a given graph .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   sentiment
truth:  load   a

test:  returns a list of language bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  process a test for a web site where the web site is running in a separate process .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  loads an image from file as an image parameters qtimg : array-like returns an image of the data in :number .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  buffer   load
truth:  read   read

test:  create a txt response object from the specified name and return it .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  preprocess on the cluster sff command .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  update   need
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  compare two strings .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  if   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  a fake test .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   cli

test:  runs a client on a server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   nltk

test:  given a path .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  join   a
truth:  null   a

test:  no operation .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dnf blob of a given string .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  returns   bytes
truth:  return   a

test:  wraps a jinja environment so that it can load a jinja can be loaded .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  function   return
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate vispy .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  server   server

test:  generates a unique id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  retry the facebook list in the graph to do it temporarily get the facebook file .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  enter   a
truth:  sending   sending

test:  get the default domain object provided .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  will print a baremetal interface nodes on the system .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   network
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a doclist .
truth: rename document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a json time from .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convert string to a list .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  format   string
truth:  set   set

test:  load coverage coverage .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  loads   optional
truth:  load   a

test:  connect two protocols to a loopback protocol .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   session

test:  gets the diff diff by name .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a random deterministic from the end of the way .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  encode line numbers that are on at least one space .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  return   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  generate a generator of lists of equal items in a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  blocks   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a parent status code .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   status

test:  validate an instance against a single cls .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  returns the lspi of a specific unit .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  merge all returners info from the minion into a specific tuple of modules .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  return   details
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if the object is a known type .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  shorthand for inverse .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  reverse   slashes
truth:  function   function

test:  replace the canonical form with normalized paths .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  null   version
truth:  replace   argument

test:  convenience function to create a new disk controller .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts any value to a bool .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the lg tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  registers a new user .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  add   a

test:  quarter plot .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   libxml2
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get lockfuncs callables .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  cache   set
truth:  updates   updates

test:  extract arma impulse and ma of the response .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  null   code
truth:  get   get

test:  subscribe a topic out of a topic .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn light off .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  if   light
truth:  called   null

test:  test loading volume from a many volume source .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  reading   fiducials
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  make masked masked array of arrays 1 .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  make   bytes
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get authentication token for an api .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  token   token

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses addresses .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   display
truth:  make   a

test:  convert windows .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  to   reverse
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  returns the string wrapped by ansi color codes .
truth: string in color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  string   in

test:  seconds since epoch in a field of bytes .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   product
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on all vms should be on this azure account .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get terminal size of bytes from the given matplotlib dataframe .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of the path .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  retrieve   git
truth:  return   return

test:  fixture for testing which we require long and return secure secure .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  set   fixture
truth:  like   like

test:  change the link to a link .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  gets   link
truth:  log   a

test:  check if a object is an instance of a klass .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if a particular interface has at least one time specified .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  returns   email
truth:  changes   interface

test:  use signals to signals the signal passed to fraction fraction cli example: .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  attaches   custom
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the convert none into an integer .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute square-free square-free roots of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  certificate   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that all files can be listed .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   list
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parses an http room field from a datetime .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  unregister   a

test:  deactivate projections from all projections to a set of all projections .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the default export instance .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  value   a
truth:  default   default

test:  write the slc reader to a file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   shell
truth:  write   a

test:  unsubscribe a list from a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  see   lists
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  return a list of nodes in the graph g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download translations from bench and password .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   mock
truth:  download   download

test:  return a dict of all ips for linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  details page: show a box with three tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   details

test:  find candidates in the given parent directory .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the year and year .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a query for all activities about the user about any of the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  execute the amazon amazon tasks .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  are   task
truth:  starts   null

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  owned   index
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add an event to the minion name of the named polygon .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  add   factory
truth:  accept   a

test:  constructs an oauth client from a settings and loads it as a secrets .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the memoized withparent .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates a vim post request .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  generate   request
truth:  builds   null

test:  given either a list of first lines or set of lines .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a list of all available compression .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns monte approximation for samples drawn from x .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  see   up
truth:  null   operator

test:  given a string .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  test the module being tested to the module .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  replace conditions with conditions defined by conditions in moments with method of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  updates an default request .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  document   generate
truth:  were   null

test:  allow other users to be triggered by anonymous when a function is called .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  view   view

test:  determine if the line is a pair of one-element windows .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send a process to a given process .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  send   process
truth:  process   a

test:  test that when we are easy_installed from a file .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  test   submodules
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  change the directory of an image cli example: .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  format   up
truth:  set   set

test:  a context manager to temporarily changes the code to a global code .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  reading   manager
truth:  patch   patch

test:  sets a value from a certain distribution .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  draws   a

test:  return the base64 version of a string .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  finds an index by index .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  function   in
truth:  get   get

test:  validate the correct intent .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  sum of a matrix .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt the given data key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  context   error
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return the attribute of an instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  look   up

test:  exprlist : empty .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   null
truth:  empty   null

test:  this function will build a queryset of fasta threads .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  generate   data
truth:  construct   a

test:  uploads all finite .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  asserts   sum
truth:  throw   a

test:  unquote a string .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  unquote   a
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  given a course_key return a list of passed course and check for the given course .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   method

test:  process a set of human-readable data into a dict .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  given   code
truth:  to   attempt

test:  decorator to give a single iteration or a backoff .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  null   shortcut
truth:  function   decorator

test:  dispatch a gridout resultraise method .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  do   a
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  computes the auto_auth and stores them in the css group .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to backwards .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  drop   task
truth:  source   source

test:  parse an startup given as a string .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  startup   packets

test:  determine if a loop is inside the loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get a schema of all database objects available for the given user .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  set   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a path is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get a file encoding encoding .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  encoding   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a list of for the current thread .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  function   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the escaped size of a field .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  update the named named named path .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  set   set

test:  clean out total text from the registry .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper function for running linux lists of a function .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   run
truth:  get   get

test:  return the comment and snipmate .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the sync sync version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  place   show
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  a wrapper for the software server .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  mocks   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is a generator that takes a string and returns a unicode string .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decode   character

test:  return an instance of the footnoteextension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function is used by string2 all the headers specified in the correct way .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  do   json
truth:  empty   remove

test:  get page url for a service configuration .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   get
truth:  look   up

test:  called by the servicetester in order to handle the users email address .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a system fn into a list of lists of fn values .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  header   null
truth:  list   list

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 optimization with print as gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to write a symbolic .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  print   output
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  set dipy to not imports .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test assumptions of assumptions for assumptions .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  determine the machine info for this controller .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   get

test:  create and write a file .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  create   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  determine if the argument is a valid ipv4 key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively merges the execution of the provided dictionary .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  sample   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether a profile should be imported .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return the float version of the git git git checkout .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  return   get
truth:  git   git

test:  load only if csf exists .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  null   load
truth:  load   load

test:  make current page html .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  if   a
truth:  open   documentation

test:  checks if the provided request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the text of the text as a byte string .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  function   function

test:  allow for two variable neural of a variable neural network methods for more adapted through a theano variable .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  null   collection
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  factor barcode .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure the current timeout is raised when the timeout is raised .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  call   start
truth:  make   null

test:  updates the current user to embed group .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  function   page
truth:  named   null

test:  return a list of suite that can be used in a test suite .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  creates   replacement
truth:  visit   visit

test:  resolve a list of public modules inside all available modules .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a unicode string representing the bytes in bytes .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  null   data
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the path of the directory for the given file or directory .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  perform n-dimensional correction on certain image of input image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize the provided error to the default views .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  search for api request .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  test   null
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  ensure control character work .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  if   null
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset network to server .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  utility method to identify a string of characters .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  if   create
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a vmax as needed to avoid singularities and vmax .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a list of all the theme dirs .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   theme

test:  gets the current timezone tag in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an diagonal greater than or equal constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  determine   user
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to a home page .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  this takes a such that two dimensional dimensional exponential .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  if   unicode
truth:  if   null

test:  download zip file and save it .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   delete
truth:  download   a

test:  sends a commit to the specified commit .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  create   a

test:  regression test for a bug that doesnt break it .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  abbreviate a list of zone .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  null   implementation

test:  vertical sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   prewitt
truth:  null   sobel

test:  list schema added to a specific one or just the provided one .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  generates   show
truth:  return   a

test:  call the specified service with no arguments using the specified parameters .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   call
truth:  command   command

test:  test average of average solution with solution .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  averaging   test

test:  given a subnet given the existing subnet .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get a group policy .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  for the receiveds statistic for regression .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   null

test:  return the k-corona of g .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  serialize object to a native bytestring .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   predicate
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  given a wcs .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  get the ipython ipython ipython ipython ipython ipython .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  build   find
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  read   read

test:  removes a session document from the old document .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  step steps] case definition raises default when the scenario is not part of a feature .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  default   default

test:  gets a sid value from the specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  is   null

test:  return a context manager that automatically handles a named location .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  do   context
truth:  modify   null

test:  using the streaming api calls for a given oauth using the name of the public streaming api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  write   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  replace the given setting with a kodi setting .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  null   up
truth:  takes   a

test:  divide polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  prepare   polynomial
truth:  function   function

test:  add security groups to file system cli example: salt myminion boto_cloudwatch .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   set
truth:  modifies   null

test:  warn the user for all websocket compatible project .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  if   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  modify a record to a record .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get an instance profile .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  ends   null
truth:  to   check

test:  download a dict and return its contents .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  download   download
truth:  return   args

test:  build the datastore path for the specified vmware datastore .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  content   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  pretty print an array of packed bytes for sorting .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  return   depth
truth:  depth   depth

test:  drops an existing database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   database

test:  takes a dict of binary files and returns a string of the binary files .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  format   null
truth:  write   a

test:  compute a linear regression problem with one of its input .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   arguments
truth:  compute   compute

test:  determine whether a named container is overlap .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  click server .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  scroll   window
truth:  select   null

test:  checks if a user can delete a editor .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for an object to return the appropriate status for a given object .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  assert that the format is correct .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  return a window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a page object from preview or preview if preview .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  search   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  find information about certname for certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  assign   shortcut
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the segment with the loops .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return an instances connection to the given resource .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of sorting sorting courses courses .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  data for chain offer .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  decorator for volumes that do not catch systemexit .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  null   matching
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  null   usage
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts binary representation into integer .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  convert   boolean
truth:  converts   integer

test:  returns an xml string .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  error   error

test:  check to see if pyenv is pyenv .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid from a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  helper function to create a collection to a search dict .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  join a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  join   get
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  create a static toggle unconditionally for the standard window .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a sequence of sequences between low and high arrays .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that we know the default line contains .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a conf report .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the prefix for the prefix .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   set
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a dictionary of information about the command line .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   package
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request type paging section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for step .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the url for an api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  get   get

test:  update and return resource from resource in manifest .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   none
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   routine

test:  get the current startup disks :return: list of the current startup disks :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  displays   list
truth:  list   list

test:  add a topic to the queue .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  push   delete
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  expands a list of key -> scalar .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  null   null
truth:  xor   xor

test:  return pagination server name required by param or pagination and an api call .
truth: return marker . 
test:  request   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  unsigned length of zero type .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  connected   return
truth:  given   a

test:  get the media user_data user_data object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   get

test:  unpack an unpacks code code from a python structure .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  returns   a

test:  encode a list of configured using the specified attributes .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  parse the given service object into the database .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  creates   information
truth:  print   print

test:  find size of files in path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  get   chunks
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a pandas integer to rational .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary redirect redirect to the url .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  make sure that the expected_paths use the same format as theano .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  transform a list of sequences into a one-hot matrix that will return a one-hot column .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  capture   binary
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts a string into a list of parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  download data from progress response to a chunk of bytes .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   calls
truth:  download   download

test:  reverse the songs playlist .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  see   task
truth:  order   order

test:  compare two unique path components .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  select   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unite -> iterator repeats the elements of an iterable into a set of iterable .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  function   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the list of language names for the given language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compiles all controllers counter into one of the form .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   null
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the timezone flags: flags: .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   set
truth:  return   return

test:  default path to the default zip file that can be used as a module .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  default   report
truth:  provide   null

test:  calculates md5 hash of the specified user .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  model   calculate
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  prints current runtime print .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   custom
truth:  print   print

test:  simple inspect to do a pep8 .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  prefix   a

test:  provides a config object .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  config   update
truth:  null   section

test:  start a box .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  adds more filter to a * .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  to   add

test:  initialize a single machine .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  labels   load
truth:  if   null

test:  create a private key and 509 key : string private key to create a private key in an esxi private key : none .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  output   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  deactivate urllib2 in post and display it .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  render   a
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  get the absolute path of a resource on the test .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  to   path

test:  explicitly copies a row or dictionary to dictionary .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  convert   example
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with noheader .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  merge a outputs into a single outputs .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  returns a dict of permissions from key/value network and classes .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  inserts   settings
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  returns a short .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  sends   datetime
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   test
truth:  return   return

test:  get all files under theanos .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  function   path
truth:  return   return

test:  returns style loss for samples from a folds .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   gradient
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears an internal events based on the threads of a list of pyglet .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  scroll   event
truth:  clears   null

test:  test for a trivial controller .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  thread   copies
truth:  write   a

test:  helper for searching for get markup and descriptions .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  function   attributes
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the available sensors .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) command and returns a dictionary of subprocess optionally runs the given command .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  return list of typical fields for each series of series .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  return   add
truth:  figure   figure

test:  escape single line .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  escape   text
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears a ccx field from the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  pending   a
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  chain a rule into a rule .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  override   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from an key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a simple wrapper that allows for the last argument to be callable .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a list of the fallback records for which a domain name is valid .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  calculate the version from v1 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   diff

test:  creates a filename .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  debugging system .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  set   debugging
truth:  call   pdb

test:  gets an entity for the given service .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  set   read
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files to regain a temporary directory .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  clean   temporary
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  list local transfer using the transfer remote server .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  output   calls
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given a url and a key/val pair .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  replaces   replace
truth:  given   a

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  convert an object to the 4-character object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  takes   in

test:  given a series of tuples from a series of average values .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  returns   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test map as many columns in selection .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of type .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  just return a string as a string with a valid string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a list of the calculators available on the minion cli example: .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  wait for a key to be loaded .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for formstyle .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  url escapes a single bytestring or unicode string with the given charset if applicable to be considered to a considered .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that something expressed in *icrs* as being moon-like .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  escapes a string so it can be used within a use .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  if   decodes
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  remove the absolute path from the package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  strip   config
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around an assignment around a single space around an form .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  class decorator to make them without methods from db .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   call
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   number

test:  flatten a series of chance .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  detect   string
truth:  convert   app

test:  return the docstrings of all indented connections as a namedtuple between 0 and the given namedtuple .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  code   null
truth:  fill   a

test:  get the configuration directory for a specific site .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  an same as test_url_req_case_mismatch_no_index .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join a url to a relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if incomplete upload files resolver .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  check   a
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  search for a query number of identifier names .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  yield   end
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  execute the state data from the salt state data can be passed with the custom pillar data points .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  very very map of the specified kernel module .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  function   report
truth:  list   list

test:  create a weighted numpy array of weighted percentile of weighted percentile .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read 64bit 64bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run before displaying code hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  set   return
truth:  executed   null

test:  get single volume type by name .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the gauss-lobatto quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a model model path from a dictionary .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add given arguments to an existing width .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  add   add
truth:  bind   cli

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of valid lines required for obj .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  do not allow users to be part of the expressions .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  define   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a filename .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  the directory should be mkdir .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  like   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  to allow anonymous users to support tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the source code of the given image .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  return a filter that checks if a filter exists .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of errors that contain a chunks cli example: .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve and display the first flow flow .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  time   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  converts a dictionary to camel components .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   snake

test:  function called by methods in order to the given methods .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for bash purposes .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test javascript javascript and files for javascript binding .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator that skips a function to be present on their execution .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  creates a new product configuration dictionary for the specified name .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a module .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: validating execute validating command .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  null   string
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate the cifar versions of a cifar model .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   eval

test:  given two childrens instances .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  creates   copies
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the list of facet items .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  allocate a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  return   a
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  we try to mw on a bokeh server .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  start   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel release complete section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   host
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a record constant as a record .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  return the matrix with each row having shape .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert aware datetime to a datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish shell .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  expand available path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  tests that we can n-dimensional to do correct calls .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  if   mocks
truth:  dedent   null

test:  expands path as an absolute path .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  return   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset the cached cache for all unique languages .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  clear   cache
truth:  reset   reset

test:  splits a string into two strings .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  given   null
truth:  split   a

test:  parse enzyme records into a prodoc object .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  import an error node .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  attribute   import
truth:  if   check

test:  orv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   reset
truth:  null   orv

test:  re-usable function to expect an element .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  converts the dictionaries of a dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  copies   values
truth:  performs   a

test:  run users content as if it will be stored .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  default   null
truth:  return   return

test:  testing with shouldnt output path .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  uses googleappengine command to return none if it doesnt exists .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  capture   wrapper
truth:  run   run

test:  remove all files from the input directory .
truth: many builds . 
test:  remove   f
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates a new wsgi application .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  utility method for joining warnings to types .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  select   calls
truth:  null   helper

test:  ensure an apache 'allprofiles' is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  indent   a
truth:  return   a

test:  indentation decorator .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find shortest path lengths using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  create a file name from a theme by the given theme .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   null
truth:  name   name

test:  recommend common prefix for common nofilter: .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   top

test:  get the function text function function function function function function homebrew_packages the chamber file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of option names to use .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message usage:: log log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  print   a
truth:  log   log

test:  returns square-free term of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return a list of all available vm images cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  send system manager to user .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  send   a
truth:  add   a

test:  extract the version from the operational jdk .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  run a subprocess and return its output .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  run   command
truth:  like   like

test:  determine if the authenticated user is the authenticated session .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  check   null
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to fasta seqs .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   string
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the configuration of the profiles .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a list of all plugins enabled to this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test to make sure that boto imports removes the bucket has been processed as certs .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  test   test

test:  minify data as json so that it is correct as json .
truth: compress json . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  compress   json

test:  save sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  make   null

test:  creates a file .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   content
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory of the file in the given filename .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to change show arp on pynet-rtr1 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  helper function to find all the parent dependencies that are parent fields .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the value of a rapid .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  build the vmx .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return the filter name for a given payload .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  filter   filter

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  registers an answers rule .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  exponential moving average .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   balance
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  add logging to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   use
truth:  turn   null

test:  stop the specified service .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  initiate out with coach url .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   decorate
truth:  set   set

test:  test that tests can be executed and tests are shown .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is a generator instance .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  join   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process files to pixel files .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   files
truth:  process   process

test:  return an instance of the request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the list of compiler filters defined in the given compiler .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  function   null
truth:  given   a

test:  checks for sample ids of mapping ids to duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  checks   barcodes
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  downloads an alternate file from a bad location and save it .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  if   null

test:  pull a repository from a repository folder .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes of graph nodes .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   fits
truth:  uses   uses

test:  use port number of show to connect to body .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   test
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure a subnet group exists at the specified elasticache .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   queries
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  utility function to parse the request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  try   try

test:  table with twoline table for various column names .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  read   text
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute the dot dot product of two variables: batched_dot[i] = dot note that a and b .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first results of the handler from the list of results .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  see   a
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a set of sample pc for the given task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   property

test:  download a setuptools and return its filename version that can be installed for the named setuptools version number that is available as an egg for this minion .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  downloads   downloads
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  merge includes code into a dict of various memory objects .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merges   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt the user variable with the given user and name .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  call   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  turn a list of padded symbols into a list of vulnerable tuples .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure we do not break .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   one
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse udevadm information .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  restore intervals to did .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the attenuation of a matrix .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the tmp transformation for a given project .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  require   a
truth:  project   project

test:  ensure that a 'mri' frame is suitable for ipvsadm .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  return   run
truth:  ensure   null

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  module   no
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  a function to copy all of the latest dependency definitions from a repository and its dependencies .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   inspect
truth:  return   a

test:  get the python version string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string specifying the bundled version of pip .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception when given is converted .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   compute
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check if files have changed t .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  show related items .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  display   pass
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing data domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a magic pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns connected graph of a given graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  filter data using data from data passed as filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  wrap   convert
truth:  return   data

test:  builds the linode port number for a pair of host .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sends an authorization url for the given url and excluded excluded .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  initial callback to call the server .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check a color value for use with the merged color .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  call   validation
truth:  ensure   val

test:  given an exploration .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the given object has access to the course .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invoke a condition .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the bootstrap module name .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  bootstrap   environment
truth:  import   import

test:  run a salt service with the given name .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  create   a
truth:  name   name

test:  test that the classifier exists .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluate a slice of a fileupload expression .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a guiprocess process with a detached process .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  create   starting
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator to make sure a review already exists .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  helper method for defining tags from target .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  mount a configured reactor instance as a zigbee reactor .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return an integer for the repr of a flag .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  to   version
truth:  return   description

test:  tests that all values in sequence are tuples .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  split   a
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  iterate over files in the given directory .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  null   return
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   stack
truth:  null   null

test:  load cached file and store it with system .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   salt

test:  check if a directory is into the directory into the directory into the file into its directory .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  dimension   x
truth:  setting   setting

test:  replace filtercomments with comments from update=false .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  reads   source
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sudoers for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   frappe
truth:  add   commands

test:  test reading and get recent recent surface .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  calculates the elements of a function .
truth: aux function . 
test:  make   axes
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the html for a folds web page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data array with new shape and np .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  generates   image
truth:  allocate   a

test:  save information about a task definition as a task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  save   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to become a string to become part of a become line .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a shortcut to create a new socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  outputs   answers
truth:  null   convenience

test:  check if the given sidebar is found .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of all user ids .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  remove leading zeros from f in mathbb .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   null
truth:  to   null

test:  deletes tags from an sns service .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  add   add

test:  sets the current widget on the widget .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all defined build .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  is the same as they are the same .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  proto_library a scala target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  null   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  runs the generic web server with main extensions .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  choose   notification
truth:  null   level

test:  correct correct cone link in the given issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  to   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   call
truth:  define   new

test:  load a keys field from its name .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  null   system
truth:  null   null

test:  test that you have a database catalog .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  make   test
truth:  null   database

test:  normalize the solution for sending fields to a list of lists of lists .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  converts   updates
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new keyring keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the url for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   url
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the client spec object .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add some caching caching to a response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  caching   set

test:  determine whether a resource_view is eligible .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a dictionary of information about all xblocks that have been processed a given course info about continguous .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the ca ca ca ca certs file name .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  get   get

test:  delegate to f() .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime object to a unix datetime object .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  display   a

test:  return a usable by power of the gradient of the [{"doctype": .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  create a random string for use with paste .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  sample from dct dct .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  returns   kernel
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  a decorator that marks a callback as tasklet and implementing *func* in nopython mode .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  attempt to remove a directory from the given path .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   export
truth:  remove   remove

test:  adds the network to a matrix of two lists of numtips to compute numbers .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   tag
truth:  time   time

test:  set a database to database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   media
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a context manager that acquires a file with a lock .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  raising   a
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a little helper to make sure a room is valid .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   a

test:  overridden stack stack is not not not not not not the stack .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  make   advance
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save an image to a file .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  save   a
truth:  showing   null

test:  make sure that all arguments are valid .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold isodata .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  threshold   returns
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  loads pprint .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  show   report
truth:  print   print

test:  decorator to indicate that a method is an existing wrapped in an existing wrapped decorator .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  write   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  given an image context as a string .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  return   info

test:  a generator that yields the genelatex body .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  code   data
truth:  latex   latex

test:  ensure that the pkg can be changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  test   test

test:  add a list of elements to the list of cg .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  input   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  a decorator for handling dummy arguments .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  replace all special characters with a string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  remove   mark
truth:  string   string

test:  verifies if certificate has been imported .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  verifies   return
truth:  validate   validate

test:  disconnect a host for an account or host cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return an option value for option of type optdict .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update a copy of the db .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check and set the tokens from the structure of a workflow object .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  pack the minion into a minion cli example: .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  list   list

test:  project data using a pyramid model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  find   source
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize spider log for switch .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct the polynomial of its contents .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   like
truth:  point   point

test:  get hostname for a group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a string to a datetime .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  wrap the user authenticated logic if the db has already been rewritten .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes an camel-case channel with web .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  make   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  standard filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  build the correct folder .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  start   js
truth:  run   run

test:  return a sphinx help cli example: .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  generate   n
truth:  default   default

test:  check to see if matplotlib disk is in the current process .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  toggle   disk
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a file name from a relative file name to a relative path name .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  it doesnt install a simple extras from a pypi folder .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  verifies that the given power is ram by ram .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   suspend
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  strategy for canonicalization down .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   strategy

test:  check that no task at certain path should cause a specific to the same commit .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  test   test
truth:  handle   chain

test:  return a list of sets of the cgi output .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   multiple

test:  helper function to find an user object in the passed email address .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  email   email
truth:  if   check

test:  convert hex colors to a radom .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  does   a
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  convert float .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   integer

test:  resultant resultant of f in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  access   resultant
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  recursively resolve a single aggregate or dictionary .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  this is a t-test function to calculate the central data .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   weights

test:  a label of the decorated method has the named tuple .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  is   up
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encrypt the data with the given secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  generates   decrypt
truth:  null   null

test:  get list of list alist alist of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of the selected tree of the given tree .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  plot a month of a month .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the contents of an image .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  initalizes the recurrence relation with an initial state of the given layer .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  displays the index of a display image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  show   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  write the given contents to a file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  write   something

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a formset for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  converts an unsigned string from a ctypes filename .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  replaces html5 subtitles from the rest api and displays all matching data .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  handle   validates
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  given a url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  clears the registry .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  generated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  destroy the given instance type .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  pick a script to a different argument .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  command   command

test:  transform a string to a bitlist list .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  decorator for getting a kb instance from each of the cache .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  resolve   decorator
truth:  makes   a

test:  additive_expression : conditional_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  iterates over a simple way that iterates through symbol .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  join a list into a single string .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  join   a
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an inbound date to a zone .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a list of the strings .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  return   list
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   division
truth:  null   power

test:  monkey-patch the application in the jinja2 .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  updates   load
truth:  checks   checks

test:  calculate the number of chunks to an index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  get an authorization header .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit edit .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   checks
truth:  edit   media

test:  element-wise l1 .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  revoke <query> of the task by adding a signal and optionally revoke .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  tell   graph
truth:  terminate   task

test:  the category type is either an implementation or a class with the specific class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   type

test:  runs a python function against a transaction .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  func   in
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a worksheet .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of expressions .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   new
truth:  expr   expr

test:  gives an exploration that is going to the given model .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes executes .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  entry point for the script script .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  parse   run
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve a hostname and a hostname to an existing host .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  visualize bootstrap of epochs .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  the smallest integer k such that the rsa and key is correctly .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change your drac password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  reset   a

test:  returns a list of observable paths to all modules .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label hosts .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  make   hosts
truth:  add   multiple

test:  returns views of a password of there are no contacts for use with password :jenkins-wiki:jenkins .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  log   session
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of parents nodes with limited fields for rendering the values passed in .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an index to a three second .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  to   index

test:  register a custom unit codecs .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  null   requests
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  encodes a utf-8 string to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  null   string
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the max clique of the graph g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each lexer in the tree .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bitbucket set pending build status on bitbucket requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   size
truth:  null   null

test:  return a new dict with keys of c{d} .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points inside the loops inside the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  saves a form to a users .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   site
truth:  save   a

test:  read a file input from the given production object and return a list of checks .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  null   kernel
truth:  null   kernel

test:  get info about xfs devices cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  run unit-tests using defined in a class .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   doc
truth:  null   negation

test:  convert differing to time-frequency representation .
truth: as above . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new service .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  create   create
truth:  insert   a

test:  displays the logging system path .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  performs   image
truth:  uses   uses

test:  given a string .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  escapes   version
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list zones for the given profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  maintain   a
truth:  list   zones

test:  get a keys in the account .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  determine whether the request should be displayed or not .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  determine   redirects
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a list of all known programs .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get a test tolerance that are on this system .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  write   parsing
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  check a csr key .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture which provides a fake web-history object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset magic magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stubs out which symbol on some ; can persist .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   upgrades
truth:  patch   patch

test:  prints the binary image for a binary file system .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  tell non-whitespace to change the path to the writer command .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  null   policy

test:  return the period associated with the offset and offset .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   alias

test:  get a poem 5 seconds from a dict .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  create   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if a dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  if   dhcp
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a string with nulls converted to nulls groups .
truth: from url . 
test:  escape   format
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   packages
truth:  updates   packages

test:  read text from the file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  null   path
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes the given api api identified by the given restapiid cli example: .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  limit all apps with app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   null
truth:  running   running

test:  return value rounded to float .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  value   float
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload an s3 object to a file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   usage
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the media player object .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  make a template resource definitions for a template and version .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a record from an inner file .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  helper method that returns the interfaces from the model .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  is   function
truth:  given   a

test:  raise assert when method is expected .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  give   null

test:  resets the local runtime for the given revision .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  clean   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  requires that the user is logged in .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  null   list
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns true if the current request headers is websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  if   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  recursively print all the requirements .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   everything
truth:  list   list

test:  the main program .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  runs   point
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling kernel .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  null   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  try to determine if a module is a relative module :type executable: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get client_id .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   name
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load the module if uwsgi is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of environment proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture to return a temporary package using the given package .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a cloud cloud storage file .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array with a basic array content .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  ignore only names that match the given patterns .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  ignore   null
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string and expand windows components .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  updates user library defined in place .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  update   style

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine the url corresponding to a python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  has   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute polynomial power of f and power .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  gcd   return
truth:  construct   a

test:  test that get version using apps .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  return   descriptor
truth:  null   part

test:  create a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  store   null
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add a user to registered group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   user

test:  get user object by username and email it .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  get   username
truth:  return   a

test:  append zmq version to the mutant .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  return   docstring
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate plugins to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  returns random random bytes .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  safely open the given filename and an zip file .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant subresultants of f and g in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  retry if any exception occurs in detected mode .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  access   retry
truth:  function   function

test:  get an openid socket object .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  returns   newline
truth:  get   get

test:  get the hardware architecture of the machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create an empty vfolders .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  provide   scores
truth:  load   load

test:  convert fits record in fits format to fits format .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  fits   fits
truth:  record   record

test:  dynamically add a responder function to the given resource .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  it will check if there is a proper compressed .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the dummy dummy vm spec .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns string with wrong characters replaced by the builtin .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  converts a timedelta object to a timedelta object .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  copy system into bcpy flags .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copies   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  given a secret key and a secret .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  generate   key
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the passed array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  calculates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  factor univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  get the user name from the given uid .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  get   username
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches the account account for a given user .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  simple function that returns the same name .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  label   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  controller to add a comments to an action - platerecords comments .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  add   controller
truth:  return   a

test:  modifies a view and a response with some of the same name .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  post   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the group module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   set
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a string into a list of steps .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  draw a network device .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   null
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a date string as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  converts the input data into a standard synopsis form .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  generate a test method that tests the request and async with the same set to true .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get running platform to check if running on platform .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  waits for multiple threads to run a chain of threads .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  round   scan
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the file upload count of each request .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the transform of an arbitrary transform of an arbitrary type .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  copies   polynomial
truth:  return   discrete

test:  do not allow an image to download a download file .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  loads email from a jinja thread .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  email   task
truth:  given   a

test:  set the connection info for command .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   clone
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs summary of console .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  like   like

test:  walk through the list of files and find them in the given document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  returns   include
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the resource filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  test get_version() when invalid keys are invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  execute several query using dictionary vars .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  object   a
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter the md5 checksum of a list of song instances .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  filter   base
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests the base64-encoded hash of a given string .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  insert : rule | modjk | .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   rule

test:  cleans the component of a component .
truth: clean component . 
test:  cleans   remove
truth:  clean   component

test:  encode the given headers using the given headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   utf-8
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return the url with the given site .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get a set of packages packages from a venv python path .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  an empty trash specification for empty trash .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  create   checks
truth:  empty   trash

test:  a custom wrapper for the server_url function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  func   func

test:  tests creating a review suggestion matches the assigned suggestion .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a boolean value to a python dictionary .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  return   function
truth:  convert   python

test:  deletes a new document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   create
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse markup to a document .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively traverse a glob directory and all files in the given directory .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  walk   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  calc_footprint   github
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the logical completions for mocked commands .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   decorator
truth:  update   update

test:  expand a dictionary of attribute metadata as pair of a single dictionary .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  expands   properties
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise exception if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse a string and emit a apache vhost .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  is   input

test:  generate an instance backend for stochastic backend .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  write   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  recursively return file data set .
truth: by default . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  allows you to override sensible .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  generates   outputs
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  removes the given security group from the instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  return a mac address in rfc 2822 hash .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import a file from a module into a module .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  content   a
truth:  content   content

test:  new tax form .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  registers interface .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  null   java_library
truth:  define   null

test:  check that prefilter also work in the statement statement .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  test   test
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  registers the given output and output its response so it can be used to register a valid format .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  required   a
truth:  registers   null

test:  explicitly release an interface .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   detach
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure a stonith stonith stonith is present on the cluster node only can only be run on a node with a node with a node with a node with a
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  activate   device
truth:  ensure   null

test:  displays all registered child actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   security
truth:  start   start

test:  returns true if the first matrix is a matrix .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  index   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for log correction with expected equal to unity .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  test   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  enable the named service to disabled and make sure that the test are allowed before the test .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  async a transaction if running a transaction is true .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  marks   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure memory whitespace is ignored .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   readers

test:  redirects all modules to the available apps .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and encodes a json string using the base64 .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into a single pair .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  checks if an object behaves iterably .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   check

test:  determine the style of a comment from the file system .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the message to the log file .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  write   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  return true if the passed in the switch file exists .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  callback   content
truth:  accept   accept

test:  checks if a keyspace exists in influxdb and cassandra cluster exists .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return a generator of read chunks of a given file .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  the repository should work .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of partition partitions into a list of partitions .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  returns the path to the next available temp directory .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  files   null
truth:  return   return

test:  inspect the error messages .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  error   error
truth:  print   a

test:  determine the name of a color type .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  color   color

test:  renders links to ctypes .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  use   mount
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test an identityinterface join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  best system information for comparisons .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   information

test:  reverse of stripping .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  exit   reconstruction
truth:  closes   null

test:  determine links to set default_letter_head_content .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check the mysql server is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  return the nth standardized moment of x .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compute coherence for hus .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  computes   array
truth:  scale   scale

test:  returns the current git config options for the given git checkout .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the day of a sequence .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  start   a
truth:  plots   day

test:  repl repl repl .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  refine a threshold client .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  takes   handle
truth:  return   return

test:  method decorator to cause a method to be called when an api method is added .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns true if and only if the server meets the given port .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  server   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the first constraints constraints are supported on the configuration .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  registers   checks
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return an access access key .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  checkpoints checkpoints .
truth: main loop . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  creates an http request object with the given retries request object .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   header
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  create a template file with a path .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  context   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return the number of computes the similarity between two vectors .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   get
truth:  computes   null

test:  downgrade the specifiers of a library .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  set   a
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  checks to see if there is in the nictag server in nictag cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove leading zeros from f in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  marks   build
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  run the machine .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  test   message
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a path to the form relative to the base_path specified .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  update available locales cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  runs one or more task digest .
truth: main program . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  null   program

test:  return the icosahedral graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a query string into a list of positional and keyword arguments .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parses   implements
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of a plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns true if *obj* is a descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get list of users profile profile .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_work_dim() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creating a vispy for tests running on a python global python path .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return imports .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  module   get
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  each diagonals of uniform matrix in a poisson matrix .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  converts   djangos
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve partitions connectivity from a list of clusters .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  fetch   string
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  load an ae token by name .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  merge multiple volume volumes that are alternate last rejection .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  flush   create
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   volume
truth:  creates   group

test:  read epochs from a fif file .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  read   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a send task report to the given email report .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  reports   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a correctly percentage of the first differing string .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  get   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a context manager for code in a signal .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  return the name of the file into the dot file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true that the "code structure for the given false} .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords features can be insertion in two lists .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  does nothing .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  return   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  evaluates if a host is available .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  returns   keys
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return either a locale name or cookies if it exists .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   null
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  render a product list page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the forceably terminate them by causing them to raise terminate the forceably certificates by the waiter .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scales given image by flavors .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  computes   images
truth:  given   a

test:  walk the directory tree .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  null   override
truth:  null   a

test:  find an consumed button of a block of timestamps .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return the path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function that wraps a non-admin .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the default fetch deadline deadline if it exists .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that skips a function to be present on their execution .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  return   current
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  copy an object from a pandas dataframe parameters obj : pandas .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  returns a password digest for a given username .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to amazon machine specified by typeof() .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  add create database .
truth: send create database . 
test:  creates   increment
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   validates
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a list of ip addresses from /proc/stat .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   return
truth:  get   a

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server stops before a test .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  find one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  current change of processes known to the system cli example: .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  change   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return the result suite of a tag .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  get   standard
truth:  gets   null

test:  helper to return git config value .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  set   in
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles on a specific policy .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  parsed   reverse
truth:  list   list

test:  list all installed extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  port   list
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a set of sets of all its type strings .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  null   return
truth:  set   set

test:  encode a string using base64 .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  string   a
truth:  function   function

test:  grab grab grab on docker page .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  features   fault
truth:  to   prefix

test:  returns the location of the current request .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a protocol and returns a signed protocol .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert a list of netmask to a native list .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  lead field for whats whats assertcalledoncewith meg .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  null   field

test:  single module view page .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  specifying a stopped work should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  test   null
truth:  command   command

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  is   a
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert a polynomial in gf(p)[x] to an integer .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns a list of keys in the given event .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  round the image components so that the flattened vector is flattened from zero .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  null   print
truth:  apply   apply

test:  integrate the field check on a field .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  write   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  search for a pattern using the given string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns an array of standard data .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  null   data
truth:  trims   null

test:  returns a set of all states markov for the given model .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  convert   cache
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the root mean squared likelihood .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  calculates a hash of the given string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  outputs a template for the current context .
truth: display the date . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  display   display

test:  write a string table table contents .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  change the format of followers/following to lowercase .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   decodes
truth:  checks   a

test:  create a devicerecord object for each file in data .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to the connection specified by the domain name .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  returns   shortcut
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  * : * .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  clears any existing dag dag for the given task .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return callables of given object .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  replaces   obj
truth:  get   arguments

test:  ensure that a string is an decoded version of bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a incident tree from a tree of dictionary .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  return   style
truth:  walk   tree

test:  copy files from u{url} to files .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  file   lists
truth:  turn   null

test:  get the windows username .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  return   username
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package with a requirements .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  get a list of indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make sure that the test is raised if the module is none .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   gl
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of bits that match a given number .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  internal helper function to construct a compiler tag .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  creates   calls
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh the state of the network .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  usage   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  download an api file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   api

test:  return the path to the finder .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users public activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the mnist .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - used for searching for use in autocompletes - used for differential access permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   rest
truth:  null   rest

test:  a wrapper for unicodise .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  replace   bytes
truth:  string   string

test:  get an ebs device mapping from the proxied device .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  called   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a decorator that decorates a function to be run before categorization has a specific action .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  generate a datetime .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  find the response for a translator layer .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  transform a list of issues into a dictionary of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  int   in
truth:  convert   a

test:  get current context for a response .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the expression tree of the multiply of a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  run   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  iterate through all example filenames and return a list of example filenames .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  get   null
truth:  yield   elements

test:  do a sanity collection .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function enforces enforces field for keypairs server .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  takes   create
truth:  adds   function

test:  decorator to make a function out of a certain api call .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser --> /path .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the server configuration .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   create
truth:  logging   logging

test:  send a soft via acpi request cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   outputs
truth:  send   a

test:  solves the equation diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  creates and yields modules via entities .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  set   mavproxy
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  extract a patch from a given input .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  a simple backend can be used so it gets turned into the message and the message is stored .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  null   backend
truth:  url   url

test:  load only on minions that have the win_pki module .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  add time to run in k1 .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   data
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in compact representation notation to rfc 1924 representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a string representing the unicode objects passed to text .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path to an executable command .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   contents
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with verbosity .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   running
truth:  running   running

test:  jcr: the service tags associated with a given service .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the click-through type of the given numba type .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of variables for a cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  get   content
truth:  return   a

test:  return names of indices in the form of an array .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  converts   summation
truth:  return   a

test:  probability set the plots accuracy of the invoking test .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  train   null
truth:  load   load

test:  set an languages language for parameter language .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  provides   frappe
truth:  to   try

test:  compile a python source file .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   home
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check two lists of 2-element equality .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  returns   diff
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of disks .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  find a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   null
truth:  files   files

test:  get the first word of a line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   vertex

test:  given a job queue .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  place   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns a margin of margin and geometry for filterdef .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  print   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes a plugin from the remote location .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  its a qt operator .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  change   a

test:  creates an array of shape that potentially be a np .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  save the result of an twisted result to the real result .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  called   a
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  parses a sample id into its buildenv format .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  translate   show
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  send an email to a single request .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  to   send
truth:  request   request

test:  check the gradient of the scalar scalar .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  return   join
truth:  join   path

test:  test for reproducible ps output .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  creates a snapshot and returns it .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract links from http response headers .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  tuple   text
truth:  extract   links

test:  given a list of integers .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeinlayered gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  load named ip address within specified ip .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get a connection to the mysql server .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that we are currently on the git fetch .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  fetches   up
truth:  make   null

test:  check if parallel server is configured on the system .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current thread name .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  null   function
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test to make sure that attempts to another program fails if it fails .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  create   app
truth:  is   null

test:  import content from file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  file   content
truth:  content   content

test:  ensure xfail is not work with a bounded if it is not work .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  null   create
truth:  need   need

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  parses an xml string from the xml definition .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   xml
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : testlist_multi ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  unload ipython extension .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  value   null
truth:  unload   unload

test:  helper function to set security group rule for a given group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  roll   number
truth:  rules   rules

test:  plot influence in a specific axes .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write out remote file .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   create
truth:  write   null

test:  test that fit a bound to a bound bound constraints .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   fits
truth:  test   test

test:  list all available package and their states .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  execute   command
truth:  set   up

test:  gets the number of a phone number that is a valid number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  test   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  find names in a function: compatible dict .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  return   update
truth:  find   find

test:  performs a random spatial shear with the given intensity .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   create
truth:  performs   a

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  carves   up

test:  run a synchronous query w/ sync .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  list   a
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add simple hosts to the db table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   filter
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: metadata publish trend reports with the build plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:summary display plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   integer
truth:  atom   atom

test:  function to ronding the series of paragraphs .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  splits   logging
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns none if no language should be available .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  recursively resolve the given object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  load the authenticated users id and file .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  create an iterable of incron file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  record   return
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a cloudpipe .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   a

test:  make an test filename for a test file .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  find all corpus in parallel response .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a :class:~matplotlib patch to a rational object .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  return   create
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the path to the global_config file .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs errors for public methods for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a hash digest string for use in the base64-encoded order to generate a hash of the base64-encoded algorithm .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  get   md5

test:  register all packages in an handy-to-index-and-query pull request and return the relevant events .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  null   demonstration
truth:  receive   messages

test:  this function does the extensions that are allocated to be not from the windows .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  check   a
truth:  given   a

test:  set size of variables that should be suitable for memmap .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   copies
truth:  set   set

test:  prompts a receipt for a particular receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  function   function
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments on some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   sessions
truth:  generates   a

test:  raises a runtimeerror if it doesnt already exist in the production server .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  start   start
truth:  trigger   a

test:  clip the values of an array so that the value is the first .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  transforms   val
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the type of a given type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks that the current messages and where the function has been sent .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  expand home characters .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  returns   fix
truth:  return   return

test:  view a tweets of tweets .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  view   use
truth:  display   users

test:  formats the address to be passed with given ip address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  match an attribute dictionary to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   match
truth:  match   match

test:  registers a function to be called when the python interpreter is converted .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  function   function

test:  calculates the value of an jacobi symbol .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  decorate a remote method that instantiates the method and return a remote method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   get
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the most likely to run basic functionality for certain call .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get all the emails to a user .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  outputs   get
truth:  null   version

test:  parse a string like urllib2 .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new heatmap using :class:barbuilder .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  set   a
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the minimum of the function .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that the provided settings are valid .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  project   project

test:  get default context for all user with compat .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  download the data in the db .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns a version string with the version .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parses the list of kinds and returns a list of sizes .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for python .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  creates multiple choice objects .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the cut size of a directed graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a jinja environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the config file for a specific set .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  cast to str .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  function   obj
truth:  null   helper

test:  try to lookup a string value .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  to   validates
truth:  to   try

test:  format a list of [x]html strings .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  null   truncate
truth:  takes   null

test:  check to see if the specified service is available or not .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attempt to load the description from a string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for ec2 modules response that dont/cant yet now .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  to   input
truth:  return   return

test:  extract data from file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  counts the list of elements in a collection of uniquify .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns a set of hypervolume frequency of a 1d set of numbers .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  calculates   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  normalizes a string of a phone number to a specific long number .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  returns   extension
truth:  insert   insert

test:  set a user .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the system version for use in testing .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  make   null
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test filtfilt with integer 2 .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that the transformation passed to the correct fraction fraction is passed through .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  document   null
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  eat return the signature name for a argument .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  function   get
truth:  given   null

test:  given a polygon object for f_locals .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert unicode character in a sql string to unicode .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  given a file object .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  use   use

test:  set up and enqueue certificate for hostname; .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  sets   standard
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   convert
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create a test log folder .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a certificate from the given certificate name the certificate to remove .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  delete   content
truth:  remove   a

test:  installs permalink methods .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  require the afrikaans afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  require   null

test:  execute a broadcast convolution against ranges and return a list of expressions .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  plot ccpr results in a graph .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  add a event to an http error .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test url .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that the schemas schemas queues are sane .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  function   function
truth:  import   import

test:  generate a dense numpy array with the given parameters .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  return   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   listening_ports
truth:  processes   processes

test:  finds the first migrate directory path for a given repo .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a certificate has passing status .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  if   return
truth:  given   null

test:  return the address of an address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for a bug that should run 1 .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   a

test:  index assigned to current user .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  render   response
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of all files names in the specified environment .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  test that the model can be listed in the model .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the entropy of a b-spline at least one with more given number of p .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a given title is present .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  if   get
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes inside the pass .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   a
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate pseudorandom id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that a development features gets incremented when _gp_new_generation is created .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for import .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list into two sub lists .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of ntp peers on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of pairs of arrays with user_agent sizes .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  normalize   whitespace
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read bti transform from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   64bit

test:  simulates a draft to prereg and registrations .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  return   get
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent all lines in text into a binary string .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  parse headers out of headers and return .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   keys
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save an in-memory file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  save   a
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a call to perform a watch statement .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  list all containers for all available vm cli example: .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a version of css key .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  format   a
truth:  return   a

test:  spectral multiobjective function for two independent samples on a softmax with the correlation or induce .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  set   covariance
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  recursively decodes the message from strings and html-escape it to tuples .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  execute a c{zope entropy with the input individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  swaps   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this will updates enrollment request to shoppingcart .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a reverse domain string for the given address in the given address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure that a model extension extension is changed .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get footer email .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  append   a

test:  return an internal hash for a given little function .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the maximum of the standard normal distribution .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the platonic graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  determine if the node is next as a string .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  doji star .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   star

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  show   script
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get alembic loader .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a context manager that automatically fill about any config .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates an explicit budget to be installed only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  like _varintdecoder() but decodes and integer value from an integer and write it to a varint value .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  copy   compute
truth:  encode   a

test:  returns an xml document with all the metadata keys specified in the document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  check   check

test:  validates are valid .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  escapes   custom
truth:  to   function

test:  select oids to the closest root of the dictionary .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  host   wrapper
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns an ordereddict of a series of cib-file blocks that is made by a score .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a: a 4d of the first kind of a and 1 .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a blob to the given bucket .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  ensure that source and --version are fif .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a pipe segment .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a script to process a few method for one or more module .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  process   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  checks whether a batch with the given code and return it .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  turn   function
truth:  function   function

test:  automatically register a perf .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  extract all attribute escapes by using the collection library .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a in cartesian .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  select   return
truth:  implements   implements

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  loop through all modules in the following format: available on win32 .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  matching   function
truth:  halt   a

test:  find a network associated with a given network .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   a

test:  serve static image-based textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  loads object(s) from bytes in bytes for a given port .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   attempt
truth:  load   openssl

test:  set the value of the page and save it with the current page .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  get   remove
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  return the comment comment comment for the current thread .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  record   a

test:  test solve for solving .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   chunks
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that the file exists .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  do not automatically include process .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  generate a hash of the given file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get output of commands .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  run   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting a feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the given name is alive .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  process   check
truth:  name   name

test:  change current user and group it to a group .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   redirect
truth:  patch   patch

test:  remove all user_ids dashboard for the given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test old style arguments for all arguments passed .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  verify   result
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator to ensure that the mime request is authorized to do not loaded .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  request   up
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test threadsaftey of telnet and without having to work on .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  return   a

test:  concatenate variables horizontally .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the intersection of the given sampleid or none if there is no intersection over the compute .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  submit submit summary contributors for a given exploration .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  modified   uses
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a tag element .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  capture   dict
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  sets a profile image on or user .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   api

test:  split a string into array .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates or runs the application .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  run the bokeh test .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  execute   remote
truth:  run   example

test:  test url to local .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the keystone user is absent name the name of the host to remove host the host of the host to remove .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  wait for a path to the start .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a string identifying the python build .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  am   wrap
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the spider object for a given spider .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check whether the specified service is available cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  if   test
truth:  open   open

test:  pull strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  source   source

test:  gets a number of normalized pairs for a specific region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate checksum of a specified value .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  calculates   null

test:  wrap a text into a list of {expression}s .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a time in the form of a given locale .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  find   app
truth:  return   return

test:  find the index of a numpy array with its axes .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing a column in fill_values should only replace matching columns .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that a certificate has been oauth2 .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parse a set-like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  computes the balanced accuracy for a given class .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  document   compute
truth:  default   default

test:  returns true if path is unicode .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts a list of nt tuples into a dictionary .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   nt

test:  given a chain name .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  known   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for creating a new shape .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify the continue even when collection errors is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the mapper name of an instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  check if the items has cart cart processor processor processor cart or if the user has cart or enabled .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  determine   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  figshare figshare .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   glance
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the current request status is mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  converts a numeric value to a human readable format .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the matrix in a given list of degree .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  writes fasta file fastq to output fasta and check partial type .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  converts   input
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  returns   func
truth:  null   method

test:  compute nth moment moments for given log .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that all datasets in the given desired datasets are invoked with basic datasets .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  we always return whether a list that is a valid urls .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  is   null

test:  register doctest versioning use when executing is not available .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  null   class
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture to load a test method .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the firetv sensors .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of sine and cosine fresnel integrals integrals s(z) and c(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  convert sequence of pairs in flowgram into pairs .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  build   a
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  convert dask array into multiple sub arrays .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  return   num

test:  creates a trakt server health server health config .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   decorator
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a dictionary of result information on the given dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  estimate   filename
truth:  null   throughput

test:  iterate a function return true if corpus was not false .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  runs the security security .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  flask   return
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  model update .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  content   running
truth:  are   models

test:  construct a form to requested additional parameters from the current form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  like   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return a list of all available receivers .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a app .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   a

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  make sure that globals and correctly work .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator to validate that all parameters may be verified .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  use   arguments
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip vpc .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  test   gcode
truth:  null   vpc

test:  check that invalid operands is invalid .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  allow a user permission to init .
truth: add user default . 
test:  adds   default
truth:  add   user

test:  returns the current kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  get event log messages to the log of a post .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  to   session
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  call flask widgets .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  called   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see also return connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the children of a given reference .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get status group by a dict .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  get   convert
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  running the "harvest" will run only on configured sets .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  manage   run
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns the hyperbolic of the correlation distribution .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  mean   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  loads the perpendicular perpendicular into a list of vectors .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   data

test:  implement python module .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates a random string/key distribution .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams of the columns in the passed set of any symbol .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   gcd
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a custom service with the given name and name .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  scales scales import .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  error handler for jinja2 .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  builds   view
truth:  null   a

test:  find first element in a list or related page .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  using   null

test:  clears the user info cookie from sections .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  return a list of tuples of all objects found on the constants .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  convert a dictionary of label into a pair of indices .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  make   treebuilders
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads a report for creating a report given the given date .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd on one fraction of a single input .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  code   code

test:  write a stream to a file .
truth: like write . 
test:  write   polynomial
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  builds the operations adding a campaign to given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  build   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  open an image in a given directory .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  finds   changes
truth:  open   open

test:  instantiates the plugin if necessary .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  plugin   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone clone .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates custom request for a request .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  testing   tuple
truth:  null   null

test:  waits until the predicate has true or the predicate .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   calls
truth:  wait   null

test:  create uuid from string in human readable format .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  uses   starting
truth:  convert   a

test:  write pid to the worker .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   config
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of branches for which the desired branches is desired .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents templates .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  null   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  creates   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the file or directory of a callable .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of docker mode cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  get   package
truth:  report   report

test:  used to add some cases in a list using ngram fields .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  null   null

test:  this method is provided to extract and api requests .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  check   request
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a set command .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convenience function to filter a string according to the specified number of places .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to stop/power off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  ensure that exactly count matching containers exist .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the system state for a running system state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  start   null
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  is   null

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   a

test:  fqdns together the game of games into games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns a number of bits that are ipv4 by the given bits .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  generates   reverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  return the argument name for a function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  render a template from the writer_name directory path .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   a
truth:  config   config

test:  get the backend class for the module and base class .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  get   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return a list of artist for use in encrypt .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  return   add
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the current linux distribution for the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure our template limit are valid .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test with formatted formatted function .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders that spawns the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as controlb .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   build

test:  serve a thumbnail .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  set   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  copies the contents of a file to a filename .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  simply runs the display monitor if so far is not available .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts an etree queue to a queue entry .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  converts   entry

test:  return the url to use for a article resource .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  content   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  set the default verbose storage .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  output   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   python
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes x .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a copy of the data matches the segment section of the file matches .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  train the last iis of xs .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  cache   likelihood
truth:  do   one

test:  splits a mime mime type into its component parts .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  function   a
truth:  split   mime

test:  create private options that will create a new http request .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   method
truth:  creates   a

test:  return snapshots that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   volumes
truth:  return   backups

test:  returns the discounted statistic of the standard normal distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  produces   calculate
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   decodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  check if the given version is available .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  check   try
truth:  set   a

test:  reset the database output .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  executes   null

test:  define a new test function to make a blockdevicedeployer test on training_set_size .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  alternative relu implementation parameters x : bool .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  rectified   null

test:  convert image description into a dict of image description .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update a new host password for this host .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   checks
truth:  update   update

test:  copy one or more config files to another location .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the current reporter object .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format money amount according to the specified digits .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  multi-dimensional swirl strength .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  calculate   create
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the configured requirements of a requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add paths to the list of paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   value
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  extract protobuf key for a given path .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  build   attribute
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  decorator to catch an instance of a method in a transaction .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  find the index of the big color .
truth: print returns . 
test:  have   format
truth:  returns   returns

test:  t-sne utility that displays the files contained in the folder .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  produces a dict of data using the given key and kwargs .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a url or a path into .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  split   function
truth:  return   return

test:  updates resolved contacts .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   episode
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents and negative signs .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load an existing certificate from a certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns correct percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   expressions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return list of modules .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  does   null

test:  explicitly return a date as a string from the given .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  default   default

test:  the restful handler for notification to an xblock .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  log   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  compute the normalized mutual info between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  uses   compute
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  replace given file with given filename .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  create   null
truth:  write   version

test:  sphere sphere field or electric field or electric .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  format   compute
truth:  do   null

test:  use the win32 api to convert a directory to a list of files .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  invalid arguments disassociate bogus .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  associate   arguments
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  adds information about the given answer to the given query .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  gets   pull
truth:  use   use

test:  find the first puiseux of f modulo k and q .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   p
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the bound of a primaryjoin of the specified range .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  value   new
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler builds with build notifications on the trend .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a list of command interfaces of a given module .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  nannumel test objective function .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an collceted tensor of the score for the given authentication code .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  run   return
truth:  compares   null

test:  gethostbyname -> address resolve the maximum number of seconds .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a list of datacenters from available on the master .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a workflow if the user is not access to the hug .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  return a string representing the scheme that the given host .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   master
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  elementwise sign .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  elementwise   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  check if correct gui is created .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a certain floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a decimal compatible component representation of events .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  take   a
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the information for an instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  get   information
truth:  return   details

test:  check if a particular path is available on the system .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the nullhandler nullhandler according to the python script .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  outputs   csv
truth:  construct   a

test:  create initial group of types from a type string .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a class such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  groups sample sample metadata from sample table than one sample metadata sample is a dictionary of samples directly * encoding is a list of sample sample sample metadata sample is
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  returns   input
truth:  make   n

test:  collect the target files and build a list of targets that is found .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  is   return
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a user cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  returns string or unicode objects if not already found/visible .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single command-line argument .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a user on the specified email .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return ec2 security group security group from a security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   network
truth:  authorize   network

test:  stack tool tooltip in a graph tool .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  format   disk
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort a list of dicts containing only tasks .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  sort   streams
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns a formatted datetime object with current time .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  time   a
truth:  null   timezone

test:  computes the distance travelled for the new n-dimensional vector .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  compute   loop
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that translated field supports migration in entering .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  serializing   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make markdown extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  make   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: gatling publish gatling plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins plugin <sonarqube+plugin> plugin :jenkins-wiki:summary the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin other downstream plugin <github+pull+request+builder+plugin> .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   github
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the tikteck lights .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the ip address contained in the http_x_real_ip headers .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ip   ip

test:  equivalent to calling pickleable .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a secure .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  dump   delete
truth:  null   serialization

test:  check if the survey given a course_id needs a matching survey .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  skip whitespace in the given sequence .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for tests that do not change the test .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  func   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the best available time name .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compares   null

test:  contributors and validate an throw if necessary .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  set   script
truth:  null   contributors

test:  an array with evenly spaced and start of a step .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  orders page: displays all statuses .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  index   index

test:  list installed packages .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  handles the user out .
truth: log out . 
test:  null   redirects
truth:  log   log

test:  get media index of media list on item the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  creates   line
truth:  index   index

test:  creates an array of length array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  array   array

test:  returns true if and only if the request user has staff .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the database to remove name of the database to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review members belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  checks if the specified interface exists on the current environment .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  to   checks

test:  close an http client for http server .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  saves   null

test:  dump a bokehjs help action .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   information

test:  retrieve information about the resource formats for a given resource .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that a set of issues can be listed .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than or equal to the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  value   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts unique object into a json string .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the correct rackspace driver object .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list with the directory that contains the alternate pyinstaller hook for kivy .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  insert multiple nested many many chars into a sequence .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  value   value

test:  yield a fasta dictionary by its sampled .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  pack   advance
truth:  iterate   null

test:  get the info for a specific package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  get   information
truth:  package   package

test:  check for give with variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  like   case
truth:  gives   null

test:  gets a keys key .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  shared   null
truth:  set   up

test:  setsubtensor -> sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   null
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  displays whether or not the computer will serve the computer will never be on power .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  display   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  run a list of available commands .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  run   fixture
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create a valid personcontact .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run a python command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the ip address for a given interface .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  flush   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  creates a url at which a request token to generate url from token .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load a class from its check .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator to make sure the routes are supported by the given function .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  issue pending changes .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  mark   mako
truth:  handle   handle

test:  sets a context object to a dict .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   in

test:  helper method to get the version of the server .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   version

test:  find the current window for the given event .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sort keys of dict and return a dict of keys .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  helper function to format timestamp for display .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   timestamp
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  call a function or callable with a incomplete method .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  called   a
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks a dictionary as keys .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  return a list of all package names .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  order   null
truth:  place   place

test:  check for todo() not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke a cache ingress security group from a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   a
truth:  revoke   network

test:  error level occurred .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  error   error
truth:  null   something

test:  check if the user has access to the given request .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns rank of ros for ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  converts   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the cookiecutter does not throw a cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current line number within a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new iscsi target entry .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   course
truth:  create   create

test:  return the vdi of the vdi parameter .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular storage .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   tag
truth:  get   equation

test:  check if a disk disk is valid .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  test %reset stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  logarithmic   test
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  ols ols on the given sqlite backend .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  duplicates   a
truth:  null   lhs

test:  test that passing a column with a regular expression .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   failure

test:  extend a string to be converted to a bastion .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  get   converts
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  do not allow none .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a description object for a phonenumber .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  converts from strings to a dictionary .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  take   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   users

test:  execute sql execute a database .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  null   message
truth:  execute   null

test:  returns a number of colors sampled .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  parse and return an http url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  function   return
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  converts the rate of something to a imap operation .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   monitor
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convenience function works on 2 .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create a namespace object .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  string   string

test:  -detail the drag of the drag .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  show a network interfaces associated with an account cli example: .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  take   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  returns an instance of :class:sessionstore from the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test induced of involving data .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  x is a sibling of the eigenvectors .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  null   find
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  function   function

test:  build and return cythonize extensions .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  error   null
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get vector3 from radius .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generate a hash of authentication and return it .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  update   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  remove a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   console
truth:  delete   a

test:  get the current skeleton data for a given repository .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  given   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of test tests from all the modules .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  test   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  checks   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the version of commit .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a certain ami that only return it .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns a serialization statement for the specified atomic type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   core

test:  returns the mutual between two lists of samples .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  is   list
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   provisions

test:  salt request token to auth tool .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  token   list
truth:  if   null

test:  parse and return information from a file .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the backup metadata for a backup device .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  checking   a
truth:  return   metadata

test:  attempts to add a message to the request using the request app .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return weeks as days .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches a message from the datastore .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  retrieve a node settings for given node excluded .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  module   attempt
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  tests that can be ready to search for a history .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  find   null
truth:  finding   finding

test:  rename a lineage lineage lineage lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   validate
truth:  rename   rename

test:  very very very other_user webapp directories on a single node .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  bind   bind

test:  convert an index type to a protocol buffer .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  index   index
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine if a class has a known instance .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  prints a bunch of raw completion .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   create
truth:  print   print

test:  helper method to create a br json data .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a vlan exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  apply a config file to config .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  collect   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  get the current dsc configuration .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the given absolute path is a python file .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  create a web web references in a given snapshot .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  calculates the greatest common divisor of a and m .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check the status of a given url .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the current filter list .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  by caches the footnoteextension .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  provides   decorator
truth:  read   read

test:  return true if uuid looks like a ldap uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   validation

test:  parses a boolean value as a boolean .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  base   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary of the files names to use in the minion .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  explode   null

test:  retrieve a list of current desired managed desired servers on the master .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  check   null
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse an expression into a semaphore .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a pybrain chart using a thin chart .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  displays all clusters in an array at a given root .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set a media_player api window system where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily updater thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  test unicode validation .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  crop a crop corner log corner .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of changes between model objects that are between certain fields .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the given routes .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  tests whether first argument is a stable format when creating a function with the supplied markup .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  testing   null
truth:  if   self

test:  turns an email address into a channel channel .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  partitions   cpu
truth:  time   time

test:  return a sqlalchemy tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   s
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  send emails to users confirmation request .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  send   email
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the output of the file path folder .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show all the figures and enter the correct figure .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  checks to see if a number is alpha .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the parent pid of the parent process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  get   get
truth:  is   null

test:  return a graph given as a biadjacency matrix .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  style style style style for the given *nditerty* .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  host   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generates a random string/key of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generate   text
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  use theano just a long on theano .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  extracts environment variables required by each of the xml file .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempts to find users files and add their sources .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  create   populate
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a date object to a datetime object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   date

test:  return a list of cpg .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 uuid of a name and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the maximum of the threshold line .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  null   maximum
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the path of the requested head file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  step with contents .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   return
truth:  step   step

test:  run psea .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  make   filename
truth:  run   run

test:  clean an image from the given node .
truth: like node . 
test:  build   null
truth:  like   node

test:  view the wiki template .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  monitor   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  execute command .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  load the repositories that could be loaded by supposed .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  return   a

test:  normalizes a set of recv() where each argument is that may be an attribute with a byte string .
truth: like zip . 
test:  make   function
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return the absolute path to a resource .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a size in bytes into bytes .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   partition
truth:  return   partition

test:  add items to the given list of files .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  files   one
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for a panel on this panel .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears the layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  unset   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if there are unicode .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fake operations so we get codec .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  exit   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string that represents html arguments into an object that represents all the input parameter passed into a unicode object .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  produce   remote
truth:  object   object

test:  new document is a new default metric .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  null   up

test:  search for a signal in the given keywords .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  filter files that match a given pattern .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  show   a
truth:  filter   a

test:  load the given data as a autoencoder .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  loads a single appinclude module from the program .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test efficient surface of triangles .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   intervals
truth:  test   test

test:  set up logging to the logging level .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   up
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  return a datetime object for the given time .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  remove the given module .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return a list of images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  import key in a key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  finds elements in only one or the other of two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  null   object
truth:  finds   elements

test:  return a list of the success that are not not not not successful so we can access to the place .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  update weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   mean
truth:  keep   null

test:  generate root nodes as defined by the cola library .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an http response object with the given response header list of headers .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  read this file and return parts .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   handle
truth:  reads   a

test:  get the path to the cscript module path .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  provides zpool on solaris like a solaris server .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: zeromq add or override event text to the whole build process requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:environment event log .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a string into a human readable format .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  function   series
truth:  returns   returns

test:  that observations the observed that the observed should have a 2d similarity similarity .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the modbus sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the correct clickable running on certain documents .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  null   results
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return a list of sequences for each standard integer .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  updates a dictionary with the given aggregate .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find a module in the given directory .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an all_record record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones an existing security group from its given security group name .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  compare   clones
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  give   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator to ensure that a editor is being run .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  collect and writes a connection to an instance .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  decrement   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  make sure sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  accepts   environment
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  construct a connection to the default methods that are not in the data .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that tpots does not contain any kwarg passed .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  attributes   test
truth:  test   test

test:  like dict .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  iterator   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  cleans the string tag of a human readable tag .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  convert   a

test:  mocks services to another services .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   run
truth:  check   check

test:  remove an index from the database .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   source
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for get word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that duplicate duplicate plugin is initialized by existing existing page .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  assumes a few 63 tree for a particular tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove an extension code from the given extension .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  remove   docstring
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse a string into a list of network networks .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  saves the editor to the proper master caller function .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  save   return
truth:  called   null

test:  execute queries against the configured minion and return the first one that is either a post or assigned to the data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  null   pillar
truth:  read   pillar

test:  return the vpn status cli example: .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a line of the input data .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  generate   task
truth:  create   a

test:  gets the packages for the given sdk .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a standard html .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  view   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   date
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return the contents of a file into a filename cli examples: .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  extract the loops that are only once .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   windows
truth:  listing   listing

test:  add a handler for the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  run a given package using a given package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return details about all elasticache table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  return   details
truth:  describe   a

test:  load this module if prlctl is available .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  work   work

test:  release a list of available audio output modules .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  release   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  factory function to create a foreign key from a foreign key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename or a file .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if the user acl should be treated as part of a member2 .
truth: check acls . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the communicability communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt the aes ciphertext with the given key key and size .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   null
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when cabal-install is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  ensure   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check whether a given device name is a valid option .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a property property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns the synloop object .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  signal   use
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  return code code prompts before a python code object code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  code   shape
truth:  creates   a

test:  call the linear #xa configuration .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if we can generate a controlampservice key .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  replace all gmail with the docstring .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  gets the user_id of the given user_id .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  set quota usage in tenant and tenant for a given tenant .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   data
truth:  set   resource

test:  return a virtualenv that can be executed .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return a list of valid node permutations in the zero stack .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  memset --> /path .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns the use_tz use_tz of a given account .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  build   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the polygon between a polygon and the first .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  like djangos .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield pieces of data from a file-like object until eof .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  context   in
truth:  yield   null

test:  generate a random word of source characters .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  delete   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  convert an shape to a n-dimensional array of integers .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  creates   shape
truth:  return   shape

test:  displays complete usually .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  update   compute
truth:  to   null

test:  mdadm job get the current job id .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  error   function
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parses a soap enveloped tree .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  make sure the os is not running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  add fake blueprints to the python application instance .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  set   configures
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove the list of elements of a list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  extract_diagonal(host_from_gpu()) -> host_from_gpu gpu_from_host -> extract_diagonal .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  if   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts the sequence for lists of an iterator .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   null
truth:  count   count

test:  get harris points in chunk chunk of distances .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   points
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns true if the request is a ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  flatten a nested dict .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return version of module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  module   return
truth:  module   module

test:  return event data to mongodb server .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   event

test:  home page .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  edit   bytes
truth:  create   a

test:  generate python file given a given file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  display a list of items into a javascript file .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a user role by a size= role .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the bose alarm control and wait for all the needed linux events .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   configure
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails configure grails plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:claim plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   need
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm by emulating it with the salt master cli example: .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  like open file .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  call   a
truth:  open   a

test:  check if remote release is a python version .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  if   example
truth:  if   checks

test:  expected summary of the given snapshots summary metadata .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the eq-3 ble sensors .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  a view that is requested with the post api .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  loads a module from a file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return the current head window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  return   return

test:  if the user is not a view that doesnt have a valid view .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  function   function

test:  list resource provider associated with an episode .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  search   a
truth:  log   history

test:  converts from hex string to rgb .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  change   a

test:  create a new compiler instance for the given compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  perform an issue test that invokes its own exception .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  exception   exception

test:  checks if a type of picks is picks .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  checking   msg
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for a element to become a "c" element .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  gets the path to operating system and build a reference to .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate over the embl interface objects .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  returns   overrides
truth:  breaks   up

test:  luhn all the card card used in the series of fractional fractional .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  if   a
truth:  test   test

test:  select an arbitrary object .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  select   null
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the natural logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  mock the method for 64 tests to be uploaded .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  function   function

test:  modifies the arguments to support django 1 .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  format   a
truth:  to   null

test:  replace all .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   something

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated error was adds its errors .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  display   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  normalizes a floating title and return a filename .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  function   try
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show list of image labels .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   acousticbrainz
truth:  show   image

test:  display a schema version of the response .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python name in the given name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   number
truth:  encode   encode

test:  issue #2047 .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the first of a node from the file or text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  handle submitting imports .
truth: internal function . 
test:  lock   back
truth:  function   function

test:  create a dict of quote: from a list of google instance .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a new vm on the system .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   up
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  perform a mesh from the orientation of there .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  host   points
truth:  correct   correct

test:  retrieve a list of data from the given notebook .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  output   call
truth:  configure   configure

test:  check if python modules is installed .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  if   runs
truth:  if   checks

test:  usage: {{ admin .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  displays django configuration .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  render   context
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  set the modules .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a decorator .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  if you already have a valid credentials and either a tenant .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validates configurations for basic compatible with valid rate .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  get   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  find occurrences of a resource .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a reference to a repository on the minion .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  null   master
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  unpickles   block
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions for a cassandra cluster .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   permissions

test:  checks if folder is hidden as hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a standard http range header into a tuple of range and the unit .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  do the actual array of array elements .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a volume name to a dataset .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  simplification of rational polynomials .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  identify   values

test:  new widget widget .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   a

test:  split a string by the safe number of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  issue a wsgi-compatible name from a issue of characters .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   wrap
truth:  remove   remove

test:  setup the command-line arguments listed in the tools .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  compute   run
truth:  setup   argument

test:  returns true if this string is a code object formatted str .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  fake   fake

test:  remove the locks from the path .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  cleans   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the number of nodes that are in the range [0 .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  add   metric
truth:  signal   signal

test:  gets an error code equivalent to be used .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  get   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: exclusion produce a job after each build as sub .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that checks if a package is fully registered .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  output a path .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a hex color to a color object .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  convert   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  get the name of the remembered file .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  sends a notification event to the smtp event .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  to   a
truth:  email   email

test:  join the given sequence using the argument and all the arguments .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  join   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  display the repository repository for a repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  import   current
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively converts 2 a string to a dictionary .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return a intersection graph with randomly chosen attribute sets for each node that are of the uniform graph .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in products and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of bricks normalization of bricks .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  create a dictionary from items to their original xml .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  build   uses
truth:  convert   a

test:  train a model with the lrmodel parameters .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   polynomial
truth:  model   model

test:  create a connection to a daemon allowing efficient registration of multiple individual records .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  set   a
truth:  read   a

test:  fire the message to the next protocol .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  saves   running
truth:  fire   fire

test:  creates an array of object objects for each operation in sequence .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  deletes profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  host   standard
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  returns api relationship for the current http relationship .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of dicts of arg .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  return   list
truth:  joins   a

test:  validate a lexer code .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  test that an arbitrary object is a inherited table .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  determine if the input parameter is known .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all database and put it .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  now i override a microseconds task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  to   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns a userrpc to get the number of instances on the module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a simple request to the context .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   a

test:  build a full test harness: harness: to start tests .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  build   up
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that the given value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a new activities dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  write   a
truth:  specified   null

test:  return the complex such that the first kind of the second kind of a .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  null   prewitt
truth:  function   function

test:  tests the same as a cyclic cyclic argument .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  test   use
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validates that all flags requirements are present in the same string .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   null

test:  millions -> int calculates the middle of a given vector .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  converts basestring objects to unicode string .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   strings
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the provided tcpip data .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into a string .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  construct   pack
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent of objects in the given sequence .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  parse   one
truth:  signal   signal

test:  search for installed packages .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  search   search
truth:  gather   details

test:  calls to_string .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a b is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  note   in

test:  adapt a chart vector so that it is a source variable .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  adapt   data

test:  do any full command .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  if   set
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test that unicode messages can fail on unicode .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  require the git repository .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  given   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process telnet version using telnet .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  match a command matching the given alias .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  use   a
truth:  match   match

test:  upload a cookie cookie to a file .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  -   -

test:  check that evaluation evaluation are equal as a port .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   notification
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  validate the current image name .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  validates   pathname
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator to enforce a backend to be a backend .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  log   log

test:  get the profile profile .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  write 1e6 units at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   count
truth:  write   one

test:  return a list of sets of nn samples .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  remove   multiple
truth:  null   null

test:  call a function to send a simple notification to a dict .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and is installed with rbenv .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare alpha and ordered tests for comparison .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  compare   algorithm
truth:  ordered   null

test:  fetch a list of os .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  fetch   handle
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   release
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   builder

test:  find the binary representation of a digital point in the problem_raw_score_changed triangles .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  algorithm   compute
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets the data from a given document as a list of data ago .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate the logarithmic combine for a process .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  write   null
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a function to check for a given aggregates .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean out the data from the master datastore .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  called   in

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function to create a class that is stripped from the class .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet in a droplet .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   wrapper
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  return user_ids user_ids activity stream of given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  get   lock
truth:  return   return

test:  converts the parameters into a human-readable file .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   input
truth:  takes   a

test:  patch a new addskip method with one result .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a task to a human readable time as a relative time .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  plugin   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  register a process and replies with it .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns the event transaction id for a given event id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the content of the accept header type .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   accept
truth:  choose   null

test:  get the last welchs module from the request module .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns none if it exists .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the euler of the first kind of a set of rows .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to apply values over the values of an iterable function .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a commit commit .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  check if the required dependencies are valid .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage publish scoverage requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log plugin <log+parser+plugin> .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   xml
truth:  null   null

test:  unescape a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of string names in the given string .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  list   change
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  retrieve quota usage associated with a given project and refresh it .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  retrieve   quotas
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  expands a list of variables to a list of variables .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  returns   bytes
truth:  list   list

test:  listen to the specified request .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   recording

test:  put a list of blog posts into the template .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  parse   arrays
truth:  update   update

test:  presents a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate the key suitable for the given keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the maximum distance between any non-singleton arrays .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  sort a row using the regex .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  get   a
truth:  translate   column

test:  create an image disk to determine containers of a file object .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a static filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  cleanup the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  make   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a list of tuples containing the conda file names .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the system id on the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  set   windows
truth:  sets   sets

test:  resets a draft request .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate through the statements that can be run using the searches; .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  serialize   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  check that message matches extractors and raises valueerror if the message fails .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  check whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with a connection of a specific test .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the value of a certain variable .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get text -- gets suggested phrases -- first argument to geographic .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  copy data from src to another location .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  copies   values

test:  calls brick connector .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  clean out a temp directory .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  empty   directories
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  preprocesses a file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  function   null
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create the default signal map for this system .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   null

test:  run an interactive command on a remote host .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   run
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the order of the first kind of a string .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  generates   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a unicode string into unicode .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  raises   decode
truth:  convert   a

test:  update a namespace record .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  convert a number of bytes to an integer .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of the named color .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the first bubble of a in the array a .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  returns   counts
truth:  null   null

test:  same as as_sparse_variable but for arg: .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of stored on the given file/directory .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  list   prefix
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a response error if the active app is not met .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  construct   response
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test dealing with default values .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   a
truth:  default   default

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that a string is a valid domain name .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   string
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the nzbget product platform .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the given html name .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  if   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  extract the first html tag from the url and replace it with the passed html .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  given   value
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure the named user is absent .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   call
truth:  make   null

test:  make a plot filename .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   null
truth:  load   load

test:  get method calls for a method .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set a database connection by name .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  import   a

test:  determine neighbor rfa: segments that contains scale .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  if   number
truth:  return   return

test:  return all the manifest of all specified virtual manifest .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  returns   copies
truth:  list   resources

test:  a validator that can be either an event validator or a valid validator .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  return   a
truth:  has   null

test:  publish an event from a twos .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  inserts   null
truth:  publish   null

test:  creates a new communication message and all its contents .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in the given storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  record   download
truth:  detects   logos

test:  dummy function for computing dummy variable .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dense mutual with multiple info .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  computes   information
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the amount of cpu supported on the system .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  supported   return

test:  converts a string into a list of integers .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build account credentials .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  callback for change of queue .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a x509 file .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  print   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy a temporary file and create its failure .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copies   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  given a response object .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  return   http
truth:  download   download

test:  parse tal tal data .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   disk
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper method to location a bug of random data .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  identify   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  module   module
truth:  null   home

test:  generate a sequences matrix for given parameters .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  pass me a list of data in the buffer .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  clear the cached conf .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  takes a dictionary and converts it into a dictionary .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dictionary of readme files to metadata .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  send   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return info on the specified raid cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  display   a

test:  returns the first cluster in a cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  split a string on a pkg path .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  split   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  given an image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   find
truth:  base   base

test:  read a expire expire from a file of bytes .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  get   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wsgi entry point .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs programs files .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   virtual
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a wcs from the specified string .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a member of an organization .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy the provided test to media .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copies   a

test:  return an position for a urllib2 location from a string .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  given   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  decorator to execute a function cmd .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  function   a
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification event .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  send   send
truth:  show   system

test:  link to the bokeh github api .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  return   link
truth:  to   link

test:  a with-context that creates a temporary directory and returns its path .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  null   a

test:  suppresses the path from node1 to node2 .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update the given file from a fif file as a list of dictionaries .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   running
truth:  update   update

test:  turns on issue product .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign a single service to the vm functions .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  creates   testsuite
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  adds a year and a month to the next time .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  download   packages

test:  return the value for the current thread .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return the current domains cli example: .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a browser browser widget .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the given scope and updates the properties dictionary .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in the response for a request - should be deleted .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  rotate   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  extract author name from user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful crud controller - used for searching for people by s3siteautocompletewidget - used for differential access permissions .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link content to removed in site configuration .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   content
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate a loss size for a given step .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  take a function and triggers it to the transaction .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  returns   response
truth:  null   element

test:  create a form that renders a form .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   context
truth:  create   a

test:  gets psychopy version .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  parse   version
truth:  manage   paths

test:  given an entity primary key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  set   null
truth:  get   entity

test:  removes a list of the loaded modules from a certificate cli example: .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  remove   serialize
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of all the descriptors for all descriptors .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts and returns choices script choices from a list of choices .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  get   null
truth:  list   list

test:  prints mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  generator to generate a batch of a batch .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  splits   x

test:  determine the timedelta conversion of the unit conversion .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a cursor is tips .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  check   reverse
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create an empty equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create an instance to be defined in keep forms .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a schema property to a list of schema class .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  return a module object to be used as httprpcserver .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  yield   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  just a code if one code is valid .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  ensures   wrapper
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  try to increase resource limits .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple with tuple and return it .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   storage
truth:  get   macos

test:  project notifications confirmation view make a project as deleted on post .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  project   notifications

test:  load a module given its absolute path .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  loads   module
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime instance to a time zone aware datetime .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the largest integer of a random expression .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  return   a

test:  deprecated use the function to create and return the values of the last function .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the string name of a function .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  to   null
truth:  match   match

test:  return list of llite files starting with this directory .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  return   exit
truth:  read   read

test:  test evoked data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   np
truth:  test   test

test:  find first traceback and return it formatted within a python traceback .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: critical marks a jenkins config file for the project .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   loader
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario matches with tags should respond with tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  generate the given file name from a given filename .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  call interrupt if interrupt is interrupt .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  complete   handle
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the leading monomial of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create host interface note: this function accepts host specified host .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   arguments
truth:  create   new

test:  load given path from standard directory .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  load   load
truth:  given   import

test:  verify that methods do not throw a formatting .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verify   user

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  module   controller
truth:  constructs   a

test:  clean up the directory .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  marks   everything
truth:  given   a

test:  return a standard pydot instance from a pydot module .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  constrain   a
truth:  create   a

test:  click click on all public api .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  like   null
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  validates   s
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud table for a category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  used   checks
truth:  null   virtual

test:  load a modules setting from the given module .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  given a list of tasks .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the access token from the google application .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string like position .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  mock [num_batch .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  reverse   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  convert column name into parameter .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  like   fixes
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check that the _ function need to be explicitly from the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are explicitly importing the _ .
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  save a string for a file .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  formats   standard
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  returns the indices of a tensor along given axis .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  give a random discrete dp .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors and q from the rsa exponent in the prime d and q .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  returns c{true} if *obj* looks like a file object with a *write* method .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the console buffer for the standard buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get command line arguments from the user .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  set   use
truth:  create   create

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get the current agent .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response has the x-frame-options http header set to deny if the view variable .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  marks   function
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the list of zookeeper ips .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the current error has no letters on the device .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves the service type from the function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  get   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  check if we have a good one .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns localename .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  use in a sql string to make it usable in a spot that is suitable for display .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   split
truth:  use   in

test:  create a parent of parent used to find the parent .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  check cpaste code if given code is being monitored .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  code   code

test:  dumps the data of a raw file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked and should only replace columns in fill_values should be incomplete .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the passed url has the valid domain .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  we can add a os to your testing the environment on a specific set of values .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  patch   patch
truth:  context   manager

test:  checks if a pointer is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the comment format .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the current thread is swapping .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  copies   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  set the primary certificate certificate .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  default   null
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize the rnn state .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  run a gc node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  to   function

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a doctest test .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  square   a
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - that is *not* also usable as is the returned object .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reconid a numpy array .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  to   multiply
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  tries to replace a pipe line into a pipe .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  return   a

test:  set up a mock response .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  template   a
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for the specified series and return a dict with an artist-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  prints host and return its json representation .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert passed condition to float .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  converts   counts
truth:  value   value

test:  returns the ith distance between a and args .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve user username by name .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this just checks to see if the request contains a valid mime types and returns it .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  prepare   call
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  get all available config instances .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the url of the remote release .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   repo
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  is this media player able to see if .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  start the file system .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   python
truth:  null   helper

test:  print twitter api status status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  return true if the tree can be :type average .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  do   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the signature of a secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   arguments
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the grid link for a trashed file .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  load   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a set of all compute functions that work .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current error object .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   none

test:  generates an entity token that matches the given entity key .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  parsed   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  let the given reference object with a given reference or a reference .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make the api everything .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  run   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module given its name .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  quote an object using successful .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  return   names
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the current preferred output .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   folder
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test testing of sigmoid functions .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  load all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  null   supervisor
truth:  stop   stop

test:  ensure that value is a positive string .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  control   numbers
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return the version of the current git repo .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  binary crossentropy between an spherical loss and vectors .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   status
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a usagekey key and replace it with posix letters .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  usage_key_string   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that a column of column exists .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  authentication is not linked to authentication .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  try   try

test:  check that user is not required to access this endpoint .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   decorator
truth:  if   null

test:  update the value of the packages .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  return users currently connected by process .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  combine zero and returns a domain .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  connected   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of all module names from a given module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the negative reduce along an image .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  computes   calculate
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  shows the see that have been behaves on the first process .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   mapper

test:  returns dataset from json stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  checks if the given list is a list of strings .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  check if we can init the ssl frame .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  fit a system regression problem with a provided binary design .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  write   model
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path to sys .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if a user is valid .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  make rebulk .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  clear   filters
truth:  null   a

test:  performs a stylesheet cycle .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  computes minimum knapsack between values and vectors .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  register matplotlib units with matplotlib units .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  register   register

test:  update a translations .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  start   checks
truth:  translated   update

test:  converts type that maps types to stata .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   dtype
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parses a identifier value .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate configuration rules for build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  plots   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns list of files matching the given path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  return   return

test:  function to ensure that the variable is the distance between certain variable .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  provided   return
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the preferred environment .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  encoding   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes the local cache for a local cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a message to the feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status of the local node .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of sequences of size sinewave .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image into a boolean .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  check   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds the serial port spec to display the profile port .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  config   config

test:  fetches all emails to a given user .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  construct   checks
truth:  is   null

test:  allow other to future user .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a numpy array of labels .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all repos from the galaxy datastore .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  list   image
truth:  lists   lists

test:  builds all the all the docker client tests .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  known   run
truth:  load   load

test:  return the default type of a default py .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  null   up
truth:  to   helper

test:  validates the event for being a git event .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks if a user exists without downloading the reset password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add the x intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decode a dbkey string into one .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  return   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  helper for validation .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  attach a content-disposition content-disposition instance to a given address and then attach it to the configured instance .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  write   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the known known settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  updates the local repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  display a local dyndns record .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  uses   delete
truth:  send   a

test:  get the latest common common elements so we can count values .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  pick   pick

test:  multi-dimensional scatter identifier for factor and easy .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  creates   input
truth:  slices   a

test:  return list of language codes for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get path from paths .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate the given qos specs item .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  return   a
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to see if the minion has been changed .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  perform   null

test:  read the modbus file .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  only load if gitpython is available .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  creates   checks
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  find   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  submit user to registered github api .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   list
truth:  submit   user

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  ticketstatus view .
truth: status view . 
test:  control   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of availability availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  given a stats .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  get   return
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a collection of admin collections from the site_query .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  format   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  converts id to its corresponding to description .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  null   source
truth:  describe   null

test:  ensure the javascript fails .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   task
truth:  make   null

test:  tests the access to the requesting suffix in the file .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  test   jacobian
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  convert an object into a date instance .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  parse   unix
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the local module down the given module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  update   files
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return running totals .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  appends   null
truth:  running   running

test:  write an md5 hash file into the given filename .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a facebook way for cap: purposes .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  null   entries
truth:  module   module

test:  installs the shell on this shells based on the shells of the shells .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read user choice from a list of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  read   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a metaclass class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  place a database version that is available for the current migration .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  place   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calls both urls .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  arrays   find
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  converts the given iterables into a list of tuples .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   return
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  make sure the flag is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  test   return
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  the first item in a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the most recent weekend to compare for the first day .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  converts   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generated generated data from the config file .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  attempts to stop a vm by creating its console to start .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  execute   attempts
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  load the modules at the specified path .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  using   registry

test:  return none if user wants to do not install .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  write   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  an empty store for a set of po file .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  create   a

test:  tokenize a attribute from an iterable .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  flag   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the spline filter .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  filter   output
truth:  null   spline

test:  creates arguments for command-line commands .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  create   null
truth:  command   command

test:  retrieves the information on the active history queue .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all python files and its subpackages :type modname: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 replaces the pdbbreakpoint .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the named service cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  check if rdp service is available on the server cli example: .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   show

test:  convert a char string to a regular expression pattern .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  output   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a decorator to enforce a wsgi application .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove the file at the given path .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  remove   path
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return string with all text flags replaced by the text .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  make   a
truth:  does   null

test:  convert binary data into nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  expand   hex
truth:  string   string

test:  return time string representation of a human readable album .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncate out unicode characters for inclusion in .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  convert   crud
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a transaction is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet projects by name cli example: .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fill the defaults in a signature .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  make   null
truth:  assuming   a

test:  runs a process and return its output as a process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  get current hardware architecture .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the service name for a service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  show   properties

test:  launch a file or a directory named by the container .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  close   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator that skips a function or method in detached .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  to   a
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: description-setter specifies the url scm for a build .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   gitlab
truth:  url   url

test:  login to a single file .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  catch   failure
truth:  point   point

test:  create a slice of the chart chart with put .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  object   args
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the indentation type .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   handles
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of public projects .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method that calls the given path .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  null   path
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator that builds a function in order to the scope of a width .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  construct   a

test:  cleans the environment variable for the current process .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  supply   null

test:  retrieves the best match between two locationglobal objects .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  select   null
truth:  get   get

test:  implementation of a given touched module .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  call   call

test:  compile a client .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   tuple
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  if the user does not have a ago or resource .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  add   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  pull the repos .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  split   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  joins the given path with the static_url setting and appends the template tag to a static_url setting with a different token .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  null   null

test:  concatenate variables along an axis .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  join   null
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query the data passed to the minion cli examples: .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   dict
truth:  query   a

test:  parse authorization grant header into a tuple with the value passed in an http <url .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  maximum absolute expected value of array .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  remove   helper
truth:  computes   null

test:  calculates the sha-1 metric for a given key .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   update
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decline the html payment with a payment payment .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  return   html
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  signal   signal

test:  displays a list of all ssl app .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  displays   context
truth:  renders   null

test:  receive a non-blocking until it returns true/false or can be a socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  check if a container is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  if   test

test:  variance of the same polynomials .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  null   dict
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or special characters found in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  parses a unicode string with bytes .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs into parse_fasta input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs input_seqs to their input_seqs input_seqs .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  replace simple absolute descriptor to replace rotation with weights .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  read   head

test:  utility function to convert a json list to a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  datetimes   a
truth:  to   null

test:  helper function for computing the matrix of a gaussian distribution .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  measure   version
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume the iterator ahead ahead .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  format the given chunks into a human-readable string .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  function   formats
truth:  format   a

test:  ajax delete an existing request .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  if   validate

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   results
truth:  testing   testing

test:  resample -> resample test with multiple cluster .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper method to get the major minor version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  null   version
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns all xblocks available information about the specified course .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test fill fill option .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   no
truth:  fill   fill

test:  get the status for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   status

test:  nearest the real and complex to find it .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  null   real
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  null   test
truth:  if   check

test:  same as a != b .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate a deferred and return it .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  completely force a path on the filesystem .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  marks   delete
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start a time service on the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  calculates a random pages on the given pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load an image image using the module image .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   image

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  a synonym for the randomized tree .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  see   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  list the supported python packages in the list of installed version of installed .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  replace   python
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack a nice of files in a list of tuples .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  verifies   filenames
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a given virtual machine to the given virtual machine cli example: .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  high-level -> reply object should be proxies .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  find all instances matching the given lookup .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   return
truth:  search   a

test:  recursively collects a given directory .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  files   a
truth:  compress   null

test:  confirm that the same portion of a proxy proxy is added to a specific proxy module .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   sessions

test:  create a list of tuples containing the data .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  get   data
truth:  form   form

test:  extract the english article article .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  get   a
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns a tuple of the current basic user authentication .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that an apache version is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   test

test:  catch any exception raised by the multinomial function .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  call   null
truth:  function   function

test:  adds context variables to the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  displays   context
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  sets the controls .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  controls   is_default
truth:  controls   controls

test:  try to install a plugin path .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   install
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given a valid public activity type .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  creates a new api service with a given cluster .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves riccati order differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve ip int on show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  point   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require a setuptools setuptools command .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  set   python
truth:  require   null

test:  validate the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   returns
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  performs a solution operation on a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse a message for a user_op_manager user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  find certname and flag files .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return event to pg event for master config requires that configuration be enabled via master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  generate a function key for a given namespace .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct the full name from a volume name .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transform a series into a list of an array .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  default   transform
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get gcode line with the first words .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  return   get
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  set a subsets function fields and creates a new entry .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  list all brew logp on a given path .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  forced   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure utf8 is valid .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid anywhere number used by the specified type .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   one
truth:  gets   a

test:  validate the url for a request .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to dhcp dhcp file for dhcp .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  add a newline of blank lines to newline using blank lines .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return the genslices product of n elements .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  builds an address from the classical decimal packet to human readable decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  compute   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  convert time in seconds to utc format .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  returns   mpl
truth:  null   inverse

test:  check to see if quota mount are available or not cli example: .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  make   response
truth:  report   report

test:  replace all lines smaller than __version__ .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  docstring   replace
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: tox publish tox test results requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:fitnesse plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   ansicolor
truth:  null   tox

test:  a scenario scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test event -> ndarray .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   checkout
truth:  issue   issue

test:  converts a path that may or a yum filename into a .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  expand   return
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a url to async for q that require the {'question .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  compute the log log path of a step message .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  if   parameters
truth:  null   helper

test:  show the cluster information for a file .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  show   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add negative cylinder of one rack .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   log
truth:  add   add

test:  free each shared data from a namedtuple of nt tuples and converts it to namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  applies   calculate
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  retrieve an available query .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  store channels of a file .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  returns   custom
truth:  persist   parser

test:  append a list of oauth to the provided parameters .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  append   oauth

test:  verify that all files returns a list of available files .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  test   verifies
truth:  null   implementation

test:  make sure the datastore is verified from config file .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  open svg text .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   compare
truth:  open   svg

test:  this generator iterates over a hg field from a hg structure .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  generate   method
truth:  null   method

test:  makes sure an argument has a node that has an argument and returns the object that has the war war .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   add

test:  fixture to return the mainframe of a readlinebridge object .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   fixture
truth:  lock   lock

test:  fetches com object that can be used as a dictionary .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if the certificate matches the certificate given .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks through the files in a bucket file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  show common static for all the first item .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  returns   variance
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up an appropriate flow flow in session .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  gets the karma text for the given karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  loved   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a test for the distutils functions .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  m   m

test:  takes a cron file and returns a list of tuples of current cron .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse mapreduce from directory .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator for a test if a function needs one exists .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  decorated   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate over files in a directory .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  detect   return
truth:  iterate   null

test:  logs output of local logging .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  overrides   null
truth:  have   null

test:  returns the python shell shell widgets .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  get   current
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function converts a number of simple interval to a string .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the children of this linux .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   children

test:  runs an interactive web application .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  run   launch
truth:  create   create

test:  return a wrapped string of a file given a byte string .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the png embedded image in the same way as elements .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns list of violations of violations of available violations .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  returns   folder
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  validate the gettext .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  marks   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the html for the current request .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  process the xml element and process the object .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   process
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] = a .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  delete   set
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a absolute path outside the archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  convert   images
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a list of normalized documents with optional documents in ascending order .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  internal helper function for gpu functions .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  produce   lights
truth:  null   memory

test:  setup the events for the script .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return mongodb connection cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a specific sm backend config .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a volume info volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  modifies a log page through resources .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  capture   a
truth:  log   log

test:  remove markdown data from markdown .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  replace   html
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to a database instance .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  to   return
truth:  create   database

test:  return the version of rvm .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  return   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  t-ev all the significance of the new data fall to make the log log on the root of the polynomial .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams streams using the target media stream .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  load   something
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  converts a numeric documentation documentation for interacting with put .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  text   build
truth:  annotate   a

test:  adds a timed exam to a given section .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  update   a
truth:  add   in

test:  returns plaintext or separate plaintext .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   replace
truth:  strip   strip

test:  safely remove a file or directory .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  return third matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   angle
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes the linear least squares fit for ys as a function of xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  return the all/specified notebook of the appropriate jupyter notebook .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  gets anonymous user instance with id .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  looks   return
truth:  returns   user

test:  pyherion imports in aes with the given list of u{url} .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix the configuration file .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   index
truth:  replace   division

test:  return a decorator for schemes schemes .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  registers   shortcut
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory to the queue dirlist if dirlist is already in dirlist 2) dirlist .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  inspect a container container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  null   container
truth:  get   container

test:  convenience function for creating a new cookie uuid .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  base   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create a mongo client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given path is installed .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  filters   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a commit tree to the specified tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two timestamp and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  check   compare
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a string containing a readily attribute from an url .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  return   page
truth:  generates   null

test:  construct an attribute value from the given attributes string .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert a git name from the directory path to a python package name .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  render   add
truth:  null   item

test:  displays the admin fields that should be okay for the given fields .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return true iff config rate is a tar .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  sort   converts
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to matrix .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  error   rgb
truth:  return   rgb

test:  returns true if the specified path has already been run .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up a module if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  try   try

test:  ensure that the rsa handles is addons with delivers .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  checks if a url is a escaped url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  test   test

test:  close all pairs that are enough .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  confirm   compare
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify that item does not catch the same object .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  verify   loading
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a node for working with argument .
truth: create a node . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return the long description for this process .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  determine   build
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  turn on heartbeat device .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  filters   up
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register an internal trigger definition .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  close the responsibility of a given configuration file .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  close   status
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a special log handler .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  check if the given service is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy a query given a query and a plain query string .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copy   checking
truth:  query   query

test:  remove gating prerequisite associated with the given content usage key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes temporary files used to create the temporary directory .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   image
truth:  show   show

test:  check if encoding is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  validates   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  extract an error messages from a http exception .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  given   null
truth:  to   null

test:  read metamorph header from file and return as byte string .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   i
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of all the paths that are "truthy" .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  need   need

test:  render an html fragment object .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  render   a

test:  subclass to group name .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  to   run
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample and then smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  smooth   null

test:  add an queries to any existing query .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  add   task
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test when a working copy exists and force it to force a target file path .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  working   working
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  print   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  raises   a

test:  find differential equation for factor of x1 .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  null   c
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if all namespaces namespaces are unique .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  if   null

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  rename a source file to its name .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  rename   checks
truth:  source   source

test:  transform a float to a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  helper function to find the version of a version file .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request handling to the http request .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  write a table as a normal fixed width table .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a query string as a string using the content settings .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces instances like concat with mid requirement: * microsoft sql server 2005 * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   eeg
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that channels of unsupported ica .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   percent
truth:  check   check

test:  takes a string and a dictionary that can be used to create python symbol .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  process   process
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  configured   image
truth:  return   return

test:  prepares an exception object .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  converts   reverse
truth:  convert   convert

test:  automatically convert a bit string to a human readable integer .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  function to check the mix alias requests .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  error   a
truth:  complete   generate

test:  returns the directory to use for writing .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  makes   get
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clears the screen .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  to   try

test:  serves a random integer value in bytes .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  function   function

test:  it raises a new one version of the repository is registered in the repository .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  port   return
truth:  context   context

test:  recursively remove files that match the files .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  save an existing status to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saving   wrapper
truth:  saves   current

test:  set resource_id in all start with hash .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  update   create
truth:  add   add

test:  gets the snapshots snapshots of a collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  get   logger
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the current locale variable .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   expand
truth:  fake   version

test:  return information about the node .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials code .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   null
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  test linux of html file .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   html

test:  formats a date from quarter to helper: .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  return   a
truth:  extract   date

test:  unpacks error message to unsigned exception .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  provides   dumps
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decompress running data in a trail file .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  render   a
truth:  null   null

test:  customize intended to be run as a compiler module .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  copied   run
truth:  null   inject

test:  given an object .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  returns the region codes that matches the country codes in the country codes .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an empty file .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  initialize   demonstration
truth:  function   function

test:  list monitor in a given monitor .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare the only interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  null   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  search for mako matching the given results .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  breakdown   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return a random id associated with provided id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a beets query string .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create an image .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches a private exploration exploration ids that is explorations to one of the external exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if every builtin permission packages are installed .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  parse an headers from a header .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  build   a

test:  create a random graph from a list of parameters throttle : int .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  get an http password password from the environment or module .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a rejectionline function for testing .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokalmichener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get mysql error messages from salt .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  look   in

test:  converts a dict of name=value pairs to a list of technique objects .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast unicode strings works .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  make   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the approximate kaiserord error between two n-d matrices .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a unicode string into a unicode string .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  convert   path
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a storage index exists and returns true if the given index exists .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a class with a method name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  get   get

test:  converts s to utf-8 and url-encodes special characters .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  if   null

test:  saves a session to a specified location .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  finds the host information for the given host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   function
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate class using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  callback for change of quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  pause   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the amount of cpu used so far for the current request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  stringify the logprobs of a file on a specific strictly attribute .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  null   move
truth:  string   string

test:  replace the changes in a staging style file .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  make   include
truth:  files   files

test:  fixture to set english from pootle .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  runs the shell shell of a given variables using the variables of a certain graph .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   tests
truth:  train   a

test:  parse and return parsed info .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   docstring
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns an svn transaction for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  code   file
truth:  changes   changes

test:  converts an input function into a function that is a slow specification to function .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  null   opposite

test:  jarque bera polynomial of gaussian distribution .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  null   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found return the first object .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  provide a small user and return an error message if it cant be errors .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  ask   return
truth:  prompts   null

test:  tests that an error when the nans work with a nans .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   validate
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario matches with tags should respond with true when the scenario matches .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  parse lists of client namespaces from the comma-separated .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return true if url looks like a safe url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  debug/test should be able to import a python module .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a dict of the markdown values .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  merge a coordinate into one of the given coordinate .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  converts   layer

test:  a view that uses {% page_title_breadcrumbs template to call another template as urllib2 .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  helper to calculate the average on a relaxed relaxed .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  computes   features
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  compute the prereq cache of a file .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  checks permission for media permissions .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  raises   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  load all tests from a given test directory .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  provide   a

test:  show lists of lists of lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  list   entry
truth:  show   show

test:  prints information about the pagination info .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compare two inverse computation .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   shape
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  helper to get the loc frame .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  to   method

test:  run makemessages and return the venv venv venv venv venv venv = seeing as it returns because it cant be run .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  executes   run
truth:  run   run

test:  set the given properties on a computenode and update it .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  set   updates
truth:  creates   a

test:  clear the node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  applies   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  get an visible spine key for a dataframe .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  imports   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a list of file extensions extensions on the system .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  return   get
truth:  grab   a

test:  parses ml headers based on values of ml .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send email to accept email .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  email   send
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the number of connected connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a new registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  allow   function
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  call signature:: xscale .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  wrap   table

test:  execute a remote system with the given timeout argument and timeout on the server cli example: .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  set   set

test:  combine a path components in the form .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  returns   program
truth:  return   return

test:  strips extra whitespace from a string of a list of repetitions spaces .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  default function for named seconds .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  null   configuration
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the respective bit lists .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a service to a real service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  given a list of host_names objects .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a colormap instance .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns a dictionary for the given instance .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  model   model

test:  fetch symbol data from the coprime as a nulltranslations() .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  fetch   show
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users in conference from conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  expand   parse
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   number
truth:  null   null

test:  given restapiid and an apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get the functions for the file .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the correct container container container container container name or eat .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  account   null
truth:  talk   null

test:  return whether character is a zipfile .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  command   checks
truth:  null   case

test:  use the api upload hash to verify the sha contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  get the fully qualified line from a file .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  return the first word in words .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   converts
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the layman module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  renders a report report .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  call   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  lookup the given cname and return the standard one .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  parse   replace
truth:  given   a

test:  returns website .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call the given xxdot function for a given testaccountbrokerbeforemetadata .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   call

test:  ensure that slicing a model is initialized when creating a model .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that the given package is a dictionary of another package headers .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  cleans   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  test m m .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that enforces the symbol symbol with its proper proper symbol symbol .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the disc disc by the given arguments .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  are   copies
truth:  match   a

test:  test that ipv4 address works like a ipv4 address .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  tests   variant
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  get the status of a "compute" error .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   return
truth:  predefined   return

test:  apply a palette to a palette .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  create   apply
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random cloud instance of provided addresses .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parses extra info information .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a string in bytes to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the type of a python function for a class .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller for the crud controller - all outbound outbound messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the corr .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns an appropriate text stream for byte processing .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  load tasks from a module and produce a list of tasks .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  convert   load
truth:  loading   loading

test:  delete to delete a resource provider .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  exception   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  add a site certificate to site certificate .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  add   custom

test:  encodes the given data with the given data .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  reduce   unicode
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge the dictionaries into a sequence of dictionaries .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   a

test:  returns true if the given host is a same policy .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide filename into a elide form of given file .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  indent   null
truth:  null   a

test:  check that requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a new block type and a reference .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  custom view to normalize the headers on a given http response .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  prepares   windows
truth:  sort   headers

test:  return a handle handle to expasy in expasy format .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run the compiler app .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  run   exit
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or node nodes .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns the contenttype contenttype string .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  read   pathname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a certificate request and returns a dict of host and whether it is valid .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  gets the grains of the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  function   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the rate of the minimum host and confirm that the vagrant say say to do it .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  main program .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  execute   pyreverse
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return a value with information about a group .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  generate   temp
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a database under the current migration version .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return a code object for attribute .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  returns all the languages languages supported by the selections .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parses a template string and returns a template object .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample data with auto argument ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  makes a new qwebpage object .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get a deployment instance for the current deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  gets the template object for the given attribute .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the url string from a url .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate the results of the results in format and return a dict of results .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   lx
truth:  parse   parse

test:  build a copy of git .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  null   show
truth:  minify   +

test:  setup the setup component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  test creating a correct dreturn if it raises a incomplete one .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate an encrypted url-safe url-safe url-safe of a given string .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  return   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  write the carving .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   null
truth:  analyze   a

test:  populate a module and state and return it as a string .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  flush   null
truth:  used   null

test:  prints the jupyter version of the jupyter python version .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  returns   command
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a gem ruby is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test uninstalling a package from a reqs file .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  uninstalling   decorator
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  chi^2 a list of positional arguments for either the ones or the horizontal parameter .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  assert   utility
truth:  stack   stack

test:  returns the first process of a process running under the given pid .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  validates   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  test that nan can be nan we crash in nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ with testing for testing set up required required for testing with trivial defaults this adds various files required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   downloads
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert a 2d matrix into a 2d matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all consistency groups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  ensure that all modules we are present in the same directory as sources .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  for :arg backend use .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  provide   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  test to ensure that chaining together multiple values works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  return the matplotlib backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  writeable writeable to help with a passed directory .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  context   changes
truth:  open   temporary

test:  load an image from a file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  loads   checks
truth:  load   a

test:  create a numeric tree object from a tree .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  wrap   a

test:  a decorator that can be used to raise a context object .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator to explicitly options within a variable .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  given   a
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  updates a remote branch to remote .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  do   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return an item by name .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  generate   bytes
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  call func with given arguments and kwargs .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a file system records to a valid python source file .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  read   a

test:  install custom site .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   mariadb
truth:  help   help

test:  check to see if an apache curve are missing .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the given day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  validate an array along with a new axis .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  selected   validate
truth:  to   helper

test:  computes the strings of the two strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  string   string

test:  compute the sum of samples based on a feature and the courses .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  sum   checks
truth:  compute   norm

test:  this function is called from the main process on a resource .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  assign   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  check to see if the given field matches it .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves the separable order differential equation with a differential equation .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns an error message .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if filename is a supported system .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  deletes an item from the given course usage .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  value   usage
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract title from the specified title .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  get   render
truth:  extract   null

test:  print a satisfied error that should be t111 .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  convert anyway between two sequences of node2 and cleaned they have different == they have .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  make   chunks
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the bad filter into its right and right typing .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   parse
truth:  split   operator

test:  new agent agent agent .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if a visible visible in the expected_paths are equal .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  based on default paths .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   paths

test:  parse an item .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  if   check

test:  argument_expression_list : argument_expression_list argument_expression_list argument_expression_list .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return shell_history information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   acpi_tables
truth:  return   return

test:  return a specific tenant cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  calculate shared otus for each shared variable close .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  null   gradient

test:  buildinfo resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  returns links to pass to current usersocialauth settings .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a codeobj instance for a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete table where and canvas are meant .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  place a order by specified portfolio .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   place
truth:  place   place

test:  get an entry of a folder from a given file-like object .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  test that all column groups from a valid column names .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  compute the md5 hash of a file .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  read   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  demonstrates email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   a
truth:  email   email

test:  runs a django example based on the specified calendar .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   bytes
truth:  run   run

test:  display a and b exactly .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  set up an absolute currency currency .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  log   null
truth:  return   a

test:  download the mission from the current mission .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  call appropriate setup for appropriate keyword arguments .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  call   response
truth:  calls   calls

test:  default combined tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set up the root password into which to inject the given user into which to admin_passwd .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  read in saved objects from a file .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  grab   in
truth:  read   in

test:  loads a plugin into the appropriate plugin for kind .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   checks
truth:  set   set

test:  only load the module if the apache powershell is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  load   load

test:  copy one volume to another volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   returns
truth:  copy   contents

test:  get the total icon of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  return   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  extract the lists of lists of lists of bmat blocks into a single block of lists .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  block   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  create a sailthru list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new statements that runs a database .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate the expected discounted distribution .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  measure   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  check that the given directory exists .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  take a dictionary of variables by name and tries to be created by their of variables .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name can be parsed back to its original form for both season and multi .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  get name from name .
truth: if present . 
test:  get   find
truth:  present   null

test:  return a domain cname to the given port .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  saves   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   version
truth:  to   connect

test:  get object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute lc and a number in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  results   results

test:  list all admin groups .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract model data from a string of the form trail and return a model instance .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  express   a

test:  return a common subsequence that is a common ending that is the sequences that is in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get roles .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  accumulate all classes that are provided by the dictionary .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  null   a
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns a document for a document .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  like stdout but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  null   task
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a custom utils class .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns whether there is a permission for this document .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  adds the documentation of a csc attribute to an attribute .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  set   docstring
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the user info cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  creates   a

test:  this decorator allows arbitrary user to put it into a response .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  displays   return
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  test that is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  given a class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  loads a batch of labels into a dense expression .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  null   get
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  mangle the named name .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  attributes   name
truth:  mangle   a

test:  create a document in a hive-site .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  univariate series in a series domain .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  multi-dimensional tensor along the given axis .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   input
truth:  computes   null

test:  inner inner and their of python comment .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  link   up
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive n-sized n from l .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  returns   n
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to write warnings to a file; file .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  provide a value for the specified db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize helptopic model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   session
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns redirect to a generator that is suitable for use in a sql sql query separated from .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  like   null
truth:  split   a

test:  updates global state information .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  update   state

test:  determine the date or a dot product of plus && .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the path directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compare two modules with a module names .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  start a remote server and start a modbus modbus server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   method

test:  build an image data from a dispatcher .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  add an element of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   polynomial
truth:  add   add

test:  called from process .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  set the local statement for saml module .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   function
truth:  set   state

test:  find the ith node lengths in v .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  display the most recently changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  display   display

test:  round to int .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  round   a

test:  decorator for a transaction .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  convert   replacement
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add .
truth: new project form . 
test:  add   web
truth:  project   project

test:  fail if given quantity is raised .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  raise   null

test:  removes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return pattern in the series/index .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   str
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  write url to a response file .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  installs virtual environment for a given virtualenv .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  unpacks   install
truth:  install   install

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  calculate the candidate files and import a global environment .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  update   setup
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  calls users .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release complete section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture that provides a blob that provides a blob that yields a blob snippets .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  add a task to a task queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  a ufunc distance distance between two values a and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  null   distance

test:  returns a string that encodes a valid filename into a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  function   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove the pixel from the point table .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  remove   remove

test:  try to return a np .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  input   input

test:  construct an endpoint server endpoint from an endpoint description description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an rate argument spec .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   parameters
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a specific file name .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check an validity validity of a set of api tuples .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  validate   validate

test:  helper to look for resource type for set_language_changer .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test one bundle at a time .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  reset   test
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test datetime .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   date

test:  set response header for vary .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  order   current
truth:  add   a

test:  extract fields .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  sign   sign

test:  signal to set the temporary directory to be run when the matplotlib library is loaded .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  to   null

test:  translate a callback object to a policy .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  debugging hook for expr .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  return a short .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  callback   callback

test:  tests whether the method runs the choices method and calls the sizes of the method .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   message
truth:  run   run

test:  squared logarithmic error metric to log .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  null   fits
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns true if a cohort is cohorted .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  null   null

test:  make a unique element from a list of unique values .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  make   ports
truth:  create   a

test:  create a list of default handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  generate   dict
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check whether socket is a kwarg of os sockets .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  command   bench
truth:  bench   bench

test:  notify user to collect hosts and collect hosts from haproxy .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  call   results
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  declares a flag whose value must be any key .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  like print_exc() but decodes a human readable format .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the version of openshift .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  gets   version
truth:  get   current

test:  return the identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate config for a precompute config file .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  return   info

test:  use a string to return an array of random characters .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  null   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  extract item from queue queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns a hashed hashed with the given password .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter messages based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a timedelta object to a millimeters .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register an oauth application .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  allow   wrapper
truth:  register   register

test:  return a dict of coding .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   function

test:  given a histogram of a histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  test   =
truth:  get   get

test:  given a python object and an iterate where each entry is the first value .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  return   resolves
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses configured on the interface ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return drive disk bytes of a given file .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gemm computing an outer-product operation .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an existing token key and setup the database .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dictionaries and returns the result .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  combines   null

test:  creates an exception .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  display the audio dialog .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  helper to scale a bem subject .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  solve   statistics
truth:  scale   a

test:  check to see if a member exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   a

test:  compress the directory .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  checks to see if there is a specific *domains string .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  shows   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  reconstruct the object for an object .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  null   image
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  class decorator for subclasses of hashable .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  assert   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in common approach approach .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  draw a graph g for float32 .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   returns
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json user representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  edge betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  returns   implements
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a != b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return page if provided context .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  if   column
truth:  adds   null

test:  save flavor information from metadata into instances system_metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   connect
truth:  save   properties

test:  returns a multivariate f-statistic function .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize the global site-packages file .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  init   null
truth:  enable   readline

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 quotes .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  convert   up
truth:  null   null

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  set   work
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to the minion .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   start
truth:  to   null

test:  pad string to support .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  to   text
truth:  pads   null

test:  this is a suitable for easily raised when the entire exception raised by an unhandled handler .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  if   null

test:  stop the known application .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  create   replacement
truth:  stops   current

test:  returns the number of seconds in a configurator .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: fail if scenarios is not a feature .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   syntax

test:  extracts the authentication token from the http header string .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of all all vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a list of supported language names from the system .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the matrix *m* with each row having a .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  plots histograms of logged and non-internal or-ed .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plots   histograms
truth:  plot   plot

test:  a nested example consisting of theano clients which allows a previously correctly .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  test   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  sends a code to a with a stringio object .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  test   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  formats   shorthand
truth:  format   a

test:  upload files to a context .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  start an existing web server .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  display   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that will create partial functions that will be installed via celery command .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  rotate a list of pending reboot reboot .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  if   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  prints a file-like structure with the given message .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  print   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  extract attributes from the text string .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  string   text
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure that the expected_paths will be added to the correct column of the second argument .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  make   create
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning a package is an editable .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a form whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build a series of sequence of spans a series of spans lists .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  build   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse iso8601 date format into a datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  parse   question
truth:  given   a

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a list of pattern types .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  cleanup the tests that were running from the test server .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns the minpoly tensor of an polynomial .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  return   encoding
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a login profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  issues   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with an arcsin distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read a uic image file and return as a string .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   dumps
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  loads the flocker certificate made by a given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   flocker
truth:  configure   configure

test:  make the input array with multiple aggregation variables .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  be   dict
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert c{bytes} to c{bytes} .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return them in the index .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of unique subnet groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a fixed path .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  is   download
truth:  prepend   null

test:  escape partial post requests .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  if   a
truth:  query   query

test:  restore references to the specified student for a ccx xxxxxxxxxx .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  call   references
truth:  restore   references

test:  this should be run when the python installation has been run .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  show   show

test:  check if variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column names on table columns and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns true if any tests have sgemv to fix sgemv .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vector of stub .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  restore the defaults for a variety of logging to the correct variety of wrapped layer_key .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  change the name of a powershell file into a _ .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  for forbid with specified footer and return whether it is true or false if the header passed in is a valid prompt .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  force   attempt
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   x
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  copies the datastore api to the datastore .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  copies   log
truth:  sends   null

test:  determine if the given left is a negative sound integer and returns it .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  if   constructor
truth:  select   null

test:  writes the user per second used by access to the db .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test certain pretty hook .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  github   github

test:  a decorator that converts a image into a valid processor processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  inject all files into one file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the username of the live live likely to read the live values .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  set   null
truth:  error   error

test:  loads an directly request object into the user .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   null

test:  runs an exception when given a model is wrong .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  exception   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read a single blast file with exactly one entry .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  slices slices slices slices from slices .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  use   null
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   events

test:  allow other sites to be declared .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  construct   unicode
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm sequence of file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   get
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix submission of a line .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   checks
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from c++ file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test text when a single labelsize is able to a no-op .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  complete   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   reboot
truth:  set   set

test:  remove the specified api protection for a specified user .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  support   rm

test:  extract containers that are allowed in a list of weight .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  get   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  label morphological channels .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  plot   text
truth:  select   null

test:  factory function that uses the given auth and stores its a certificate .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a version of the _compiler string .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  generate   generate

test:  input a string for an event .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   unicode
truth:  string   string

test:  completely clear svnfs cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  remove   os
truth:  clear   null

test:  summarize the updated summary of a set of vectors .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  iterate over the elements of an iterable .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  dictionary   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the disk block size of the given path .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the name of a docstring for a given function/callable .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  this is a one numeric numeric numeric and converts it to a numeric array .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   numpy

test:  returns a decorator that converts a function to a unitary module to a function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for watcher on server-side page .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  write a component source file .
truth: write component . 
test:  block   null
truth:  write   component

test:  summarize the mathjax article limit .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a exclude exclude .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  given   test
truth:  test   test

test:  uses list of events to shift time .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  shift   shift

test:  updates a thumbnail metadata .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  post   delete
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to log datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return a symbol address that represents a symbol .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  print out the event for an event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  -   event
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager to initialize the given buffer .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  place   float
truth:  used   null

test:  set the effective user and group id for a group .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a bit rate to a boolean .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  run all registered objects within a key .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  list   runs
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the list of documents from a search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a number of alphabet to use in the alphabet .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  purge old doc doc .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  rotate   directories
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get the url to the display position of the current module .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  show all titles of user with user_id .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  get   new
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get a role policy .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a github version is installed .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the version number on the idle version of running tk returns none if the host is one known .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the ca certificate from an certificate file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that checks the specified types against known known to verify that the given key is valid .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  create a symlink relative to the given path on current working directory .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  return a generator of slices of length n from a sequence of k .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check if coordinate can be being executed .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  check   wake
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered review fieldset .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  return the current pandas mode .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  retrieves   variable
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment specs item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  load all the lexers lexers from a module .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  parse the command line and return a dictionary .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  determines which attributes of attributes that are site_config to do any attributes .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  input   input
truth:  translate   rest

test:  find a bucket in the bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  to   function

test:  ask the user should work with one or more field .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  assign   find
truth:  ask   user

test:  parses a string as a boolean .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the time zone name of a timezone .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert network device .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   alert

test:  remove invalid values from the filesystem .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for a given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  spawn the arguments passed to a tuple .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to ansiext .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  checks if the dbref type is a certain type and type .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  expect a sympy expression from an expression .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  clear   asserts
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test that we can cast a cast to cast multiple times .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  connect   null
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate and load sanity from normal module names .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  make   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifies that a random rotation matrix has a random security vector .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  =   a
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  generates a list of statements for each chain of a given chain .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get info about the info container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   info

test:  wrapper for functions that always returns a wrapper to be used .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the latest latest image image name for a distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  generate   contrast
truth:  returns   a

test:  trigger the current site .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   in
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add an contributor to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  raises importerror if the given module is not a kernel .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  save   state

test:  convert bytes in bytes to a human readable format .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  stop stop and we will run tests with the defaultly worker .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  start   a
truth:  run   run

test:  echo calls to latency socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  send   a
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a page with a hub .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  code   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a latest repository record for the received repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a unicode string from utf-8 encoded format into utf-8 encoding .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  convert   s3

test:  example: when i run "behave .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of c pre-processor pre-processor c++ c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   c

test:  constructs a string from a rotation of formatters .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  parse   converts
truth:  like   like

test:  test that column names is coerced to a target in #2255 .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  existing   replace

test:  returns a valid dataverse .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  get a signed response response object from a turn response object and openid .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  draw   home
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that match groups takes groups and action .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  null   steps

test:  helper function for defining unicode representation of a primitive object .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  converts   unicode
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories and delete any directories as a modbus test .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  creates a version string for an s3 version and version .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  wrap   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a decorator for functions that accept the decorated function as input .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  function   null
truth:  func   func

test:  read meg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  test basic index for being reported .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  implements the ip address of a given port on localhost .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  return   host
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get access token for given authentication .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  get   null
truth:  access   access

test:  write the name to the suitable index file for the specified group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  write   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  triangular moving average .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  to find the list of paths to utility .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  select   path
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  provides we can expand meijer permissions on one of the other distributions .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a tuple containing the current working directory .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  credentials credentials to a server .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  build   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculates the l2 projection of the l2 basis .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  get   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  checks if the address is an ip address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  get the absolute area of a loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if the current request has already been activated .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  join   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest flags flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  this decorator is called only raising an error if all checks .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  is   a

test:  compute the key for a given order .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  format   null
truth:  create   a

test:  removes all those after the children .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create two linear transformation that correspond to a given range of shapes .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  compute   shape
truth:  give   null

test:  apply matching class operations .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  call   wrapper
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue cli example: .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  remove   function
truth:  pop   one

test:  creates an input data .
truth: input data . 
test:  attribute   helper
truth:  input   data

test:  check if the signature arguments are valid .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  validates   args
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing a local directories from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the exit code of the version .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the implementation of a single argument .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check if files can be loaded .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   load
truth:  format   a

test:  a simple view that expects a get request .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  serialize python object containing a raw object to a python object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  given   null

test:  prints energy of a potential system .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   energy

test:  returns an input dictionary of api keys and an object .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a tuple of normalized logic for the given iban code .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   strategy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  given a list of xml strings .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator used to test exceptions around subtest .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  retrieve a named entry pair from a named named pairs .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  construct   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a tensor .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  get   values

test:  build a pmap for an different model class .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  set used configuration from uwsgi .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  count   a
truth:  default   default

test:  migrate non-reference manager to the database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  migrate   configuration
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the named vms exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  builds a client that is authenticate to authenticate .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  array   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : unary_expression unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  return the list of configuration errors that can be passed .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create the temp file on the given path .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether a given package needs to be present in the system .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  set the content-transfer-encoding form to the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  output   data
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  check to see if the slug slug are present .
truth: check slug . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   slug

test:  returns true when there is a search vary .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  filters   python
truth:  search   search

test:  get project acl .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  project   project

test:  get the names of a compute instance .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  merge a hash .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  parse   toggle
truth:  given   a

test:  fast graphs for benchmarking .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the last modified' .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  get   return
truth:  guess   guess

test:  getconn an object .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove all firewall entries that are not part of a cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  rules   null
truth:  null   rest

test:  makes increasing increase sticks _make_increasing_ohlc() and _make_decreasing_ohlc separate the increasing trace from each key .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  return the version of a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the movie description of the media player object .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  shows all events in the given events .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  start   page
truth:  null   page

test:  variance of the given condition .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the string string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filter a filter that returns the nodes of the first column .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  mean   mean

test:  show info on an installed image uuid : string hostname of imgadm cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   display
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string like "2004-08-30 .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check to see if given problem has completed .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  grabs   null

test:  verify that async is a metaclass on subclasses class .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a dict of information about requested methods .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  null   attr_gt
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the complex path from the vector3 if it exists .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the properties field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the string expression expression .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute harris corner measure response of a harris image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   step
truth:  compute   harris

test:  generates the aff4 repr of an object as defined by the api .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  return   tree
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  makes a query described by mutlivaluedict and k[t] .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  make   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  add a medias instance from a medias instance parameters .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  given a package name .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  test   -
truth:  -   -

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the server is running in the web server .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   return
truth:  ip   ip

test:  add an ip address .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test a relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  if   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an minfo record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   checks
truth:  view   view

test:  send out mail mail to one or more mail .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  test if we can use a new command .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  null   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load scores from folder wiggle .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   load
truth:  read   a

test:  return ]assert element of a list .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  list   helper
truth:  win   null

test:  process the given templates file and delete its contents into the given template .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  render   a
truth:  process   markup

test:  check a default correlation function .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  prints all commands and fileset .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  -   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   commits
truth:  commits   a

test:  require a paypal library .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  specify   a

test:  read the correct atomic record .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  decorates   null
truth:  null   variant

test:  sets the score for a get/set .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  set   set

test:  fixture which provides a topic to always locked as a single forum .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  return a list of all extensions extensions .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  load a document and return it .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate given volume type from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  creates a custom aggregate function for testing .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a filename .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  gets   return
truth:  given   null

test:  removes redundant /s from the url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: artifactory-maven specifies the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a container controller to be leaf from a pathlist begin begin .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  null   cast
truth:  modified   version

test:  restores the config configs from the form of a disc config file .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  config   clone
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  cover a sql expression cli example: .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  enable   expression
truth:  return   return

test:  convert to str .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  filtered   assume
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test that create a table with polar names from polar .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  create   test
truth:  check   check

test:  test our lib .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   add

test:  check if a string is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   layer
truth:  compute   student

test:  stubbed zfs .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  return   eeg
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  cache   failure
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the boxcox boxcox along an image and labels .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  matches   python
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  factory function that helps all numa instance to a given host .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  registers   notification
truth:  fit   fit

test:  tests that we can load a bug on your compatibility compatibility with a bug .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that clean up to minimum of a corresponding scenario .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  passing   null

test:  calculates a time value for the white range of integer a and seconds .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  null   null
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  validates and checks if a host mapping is valid .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validates   host
truth:  validate   a

test:  gets an browser code of the setting for the given http request .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a one way to interact with its ok .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   elements

test:  create an url by / dotted might pass to it .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check that all information available on a list of information are present .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  to   try

test:  signal to catch the tree in the specified instance .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  select   returns
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify all items that are not part of the given distance .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  squeezing   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  return the energy of the first kind of degree n .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore all existing table names from the database .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restore   sqlalchemy
truth:  modifies   null

test:  get list of files for a given directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  return   size
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   a

test:  math variable for more then copies the variable with a scalar .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  null   spatial
truth:  attach   a

test:  convert a pre-configured reference from a search_service_pb .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator to make a decorator for its name and trigger a decorator .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  header   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   httpd
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  download a certain plugins in a certain location of the calling module .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  null   sql
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a list is a list of strings .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   method

test:  make sure text is correct .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  updates global configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  default   default

test:  wrapper for the database dispatcher so cached options are the keys of the cached attribute .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  return   get
truth:  choose   null

test:  check that an issue where files can be changed .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  files   files

test:  a zip file and context route route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  index   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the value of a given git revision .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : 'func' integer .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  shortcut to create a combined hierarchical on a specific partition .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  template   handle
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator that returns none if called with a function .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a diff of sample updates for either long_description or a given model .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute gcd of f and interval .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  computes   checks
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  limit   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns a string representing the current time .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to load the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output contains the same output as specified by the argument .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  assert   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs enable findbugs for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  used by the received graph .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  return   certificate
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns a vowel string for a vowel .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  take   truncate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library library config from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the current app in registers .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the input plot .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  a simple replacement for the resource .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   hook

test:  attempt to split a leaf using the distance in which a jobflow is mach-o out of the distance is in distance from a normalize symbol .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   leaf
truth:  split   expression

test:  password password .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  is   null
truth:  password   password

test:  override the server to override the given action .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  connect   null
truth:  override   override

test:  bump cache for given package .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  used to cache the flag values .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  saves   factory
truth:  is   null

test:  get the value of the files that belong to run a specific config file .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of data specially based on the json dict of json values .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a tag with the given number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to load the package from a given file path .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  files   null
truth:  given   a

test:  removes all root environment files .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   run
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a string of not camelcase and keyword arguments .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of resources owned by the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  returns list of lines from a list of lines .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   line
truth:  return   a

test:  transform val .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  generate   normalize
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: ci-skip allows you to provide rvm .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the surface of the surface .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  return   depth
truth:  null   surface

test:  wrap request .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  function   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  logs   version
truth:  log   a

test:  run all tests in a named snippet .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  subscribe a user in the given tag and subscribe out of its data .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  subscribe   python
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if an image file exists .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group social backend type to backend model class .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   items

test:  create an ajax form for a user .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to load the i3 connection connection .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the current task of a given user/group .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the breakdown of the user preference with the given course preference .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  get   changes
truth:  gets   null

test:  save configuration in field_map .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  save   parameters
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function to allow rows in a row .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  returns   handle
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  the pprint for classes .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  null   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  converts a scalar object to a timedelta .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  disarmed   test
truth:  test   a

test:  check the configuration .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  extract only files specified in a list of files .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  return   status
truth:  files   files

test:  get the skeinforge utilities directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a lazy lazy on a given target .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a uri given a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a list of connected components in g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  connected   generate

test:  returns all templates and set of templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  marks a test as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from prob each row of the prob prob .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve a quota class for a given defaults .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   override
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  verify that all methods of cls with the same class .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  prepares   input
truth:  function   function

test:  the loss function that measures the target .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  extend the current numeric hue hue hue data .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   migration

test:  return a specific configuration logger for the current package .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add custom email to multiple projects .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the current interval class .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   null

test:  remove all the *keys* installed on the given release .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  multivariate linear filter parameters x : array_like .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   x

test:  decorator to acquire a test as blacklisted by the python interpreter .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  returns the turan graph of k-neighbors graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time time formatting patterns used by the locale .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read file and encoding from an encoding and return it .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  return   content
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  migrate location credentials for swift uris between tagsets and unquoted strings .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning beginning with gcode beginning .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  insert   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a pool cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check all workers in the given worker .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a marketing link is any of the given marketing names .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to read the description of a sequence of strings .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  null   dictionary
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  the pprint for the pprint .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  return   ssh
truth:  null   pprint

test:  coerced an aff4 sum of self-serve instances of self-serve classes .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with no labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given the portfolio strategy .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  scroll   analytics
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure the cpu cpu is running on the name of the cpu to remove cpu name of the cpu .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  configured   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  clones a vdi reference from a vdi .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  format an error message to a file .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  build   build
truth:  to   method

test:  usage: {{ html .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  render   a
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a >>= b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test disarmed slugify with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  disarmed   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  reads the current user from the selected note .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an argumentparser parser object for an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  runs the application instance .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  run   gunicorn_django
truth:  null   null

test:  set pre pre and trie .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   uploads
truth:  set   gl

test:  update the named instance .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  set   null
truth:  to   null

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  deployments   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  regression test for #5350 especially the position of a bug .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  test   in
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a cookiecutter exists without downloading the cookiecutter path .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  if   expand
truth:  call   call

test:  format the path for pth .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  marks a view mode as being run from the donut donut - if the view variable doesnt already handled .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  null   django
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space separated by a string .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  handles a message topic .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only skip a test if condition is true .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns list of detailed problems with current set of courseware and courseware .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a binary image to lux .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of supported system im1 .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory is a directory .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  listen   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the named service is available .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return an understandable error from jinja error line .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  use this include a bug that is running when a pointer is available .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  match   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  determine outer row for a forward or column .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  input   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  split a single port into a list of hosts .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  save a process to a single filename .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  write   status
truth:  save   a

test:  calculate the uptime of seconds since last reload args: seconds : list of seconds to send seconds for which seconds for which seconds .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none if system does not exist .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  link link to the configured text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  leading   remove

test:  given an image in the directory .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   return
truth:  save   a

test:  test user using verify_user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   user
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a list of season exceptions that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a random asset asset key for the given course .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  read named ranges for a workbook .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  is   class
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the latest release tags .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  release   a
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a logrotate script that will be deleted .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  reverse command .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  like   show
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  searches for a sequence of fuzzy with the first argument on each entry in the tree .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  resolve supplied class to a set of attributes .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  ensure   track
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   work
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer reviewer to require a user .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  convert fontsize in <p> .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   font

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   breakpoint
truth:  find   find

test:  make a call decorator that converts a function into a decorator .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  set   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of groups the user groups cli example: .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook key .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run the his tests from the above module .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  null   create
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using three letter id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the given tag from the file and return the string .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   return
truth:  read   a

test:  check if the current scope is valid .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  search   search

test:  disables a task and all its initial state .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  unpause   null
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the uploaded form to verify the sha hash and verify the given request .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator for api methods .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a set of fastly ports that are searched from the cache .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  return   ports
truth:  finds   null

test:  modules home page .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   crud

test:  add plugins to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns a qicon for an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generator to iterate over lists of bytes .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the call to repeatedly a last call to get the bridge from the bridge .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make an average metric from a k_{p channels .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  compute   topics
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a polygon in a polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  measure   expression
truth:  given   a

test:  an free host string .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  boolean   apply
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine what identity of a report is matching a report .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  match   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the closure of the possible possible properties .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  set   a
truth:  given   a

test:  converts raw unserialized image into urlencoded unserialized format .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  document   example
truth:  accept   accept

test:  gets the query that matches the given api .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a list of add-ons objects for all account .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  return   url
truth:  get   a

test:  return a transform from a acls list of acls to be converted args: array : the array of epochs .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  read   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  generator function that yields specified amount of random amount .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   quota
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache to be used .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   stop
truth:  enable   enable

test:  infer a configuration for use in the appropriate header .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  if   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  set a property of pcs property prop with the live cibfile name/path of the property property cibfile cib cib cli example: .
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  creates and symtab for the given user .
truth: keep user . 
test:  inspects   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a new http method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the given files in the given directory .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  file   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get an account policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   null
truth:  account   account

test:  return a valid host for an ebs .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the correct pillar data that will be either a gathers pillar or false if an error is not found .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  for outer and all rectangular segments .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  gets   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  find a library library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  locate   statements
truth:  to   null

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency if there is an old package .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  extract the dotted paths from a path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  null   path
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate and save the new contributor support support .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  update   update
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the english language code for the larger language code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  generates   language
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  references: - list of tuples .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if text is a boolean .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to ensure that the decorated method matches the given target or not .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  null   use
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert the given files name to a file name .
truth: using os . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  using   os

test:  generate support for a type library given a list of ps .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  handles   dataurl
truth:  support   support

test:  ensures that the specified handshake is valid .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  make   validates
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns documentation for given doc name .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  strip   tree
truth:  return   a

test:  set the trimming request to download a cookie .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  add   context
truth:  sets   a

test:  returns the float value of the range as a localized integer .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter from parmar and remove sequences from the otus sequence .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  filters   filters

test:  converts user name from messages to json .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   method

test:  code that runs on application .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   keyword

test:  given a list of modules .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  take a list of lists and take sorted numbers as input lists .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  selects   apply
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct reverse .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  return a list of targets .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  sets a python source into a list .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  scroll   duplicates
truth:  build   build

test:  builds a list of tuples to create each string of files .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the staff staff has an wiki wiki wiki access for the course .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a file system path to a path .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   load
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a latest downloadable repository record for the received repository and changeset .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  produce an xml document that has a pybrain or a timestamp or a corresponding padding type .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  register   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get a migration by instance id .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  return true if the number is prime .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  takes   number

test:  does there are all elements of a sequence .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  seq   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to create a test method from a clientsecrets file .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the xml string from a iterator .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a rrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  fit dask using a dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  ip   compare
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  among the multivariate rectangle in a multivariate distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  model   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  uses the system .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  list   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  object   lists
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of revisions revisions for type() .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  compare two large files in a directory .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  compare   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the logical port of a logical port .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get the total number of seconds after a raises .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  get   seconds
truth:  return   return

test:  the handler for resource endpoint .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  checks if the passed functions is a valid list .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  check   return
truth:  like   like

test:  creates a new api service .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list console entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   a
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  stores the entire extra lists as a copy of response .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  make   runs
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return message message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  checks to see if the specific apache module is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  convert columns back to the larger string .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  take   instances
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds all elements of sequence in seq .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if given data is a global datastore .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize the given path .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  given a course_id and a course_key .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  convert   course

test:  subtract polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load this module if the nsnitro module exists .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  works   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  install the tornado that can be installed into the tornado .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  plugin   install
truth:  set   set

test:  a decorator which makes a function set a magic of exceptions to a specific object .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  adds   a

test:  open or create database cover based on current statemachine .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   information

test:  rolls back a most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   build
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  execute a pem string .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns true if g is strongly and has strongly regular edges .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decode all nt corrected into length .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install dependencies and gvm packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   python
truth:  install   python

test:  return a dictionary mapping available tempo to pyo .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  build   a
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of spherical bessel function .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a dict of related info about related subclasses .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes a problem and its children as a background task .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encodes   usage
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized dashboard dashboard .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  profiling   return
truth:  mark   mark

test:  test that fix can be used to gpu abstractconv .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   image
truth:  test   test

test:  kills numa topology and format members .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  format   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  validates the id for the given number of today .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  given   response
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return the first element of the numpy element .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure expr and backref from a rule .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure the named grafana vname is absent .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  attempts to wrap a draft instance into the native object .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  set   a
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  check if there is a target_shape key .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   a
truth:  to   check

test:  return a list of packages which have been run .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  return   function
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search search for filtering and install the given term .
truth: return query string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  query   query

test:  parse lists of key .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   decode
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse an iterable of options and a dictionary .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   argv

test:  wait until a process with web .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  create   estimate
truth:  fires   a

test:  given a course_key .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  displays   print
truth:  prints   prints

test:  create a sls file on the specified length and write lines into a specified output file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   os
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when the table of some of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  return   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  use off the specified device cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  normalized normalized array shape=(number of an array .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   data
truth:  maps   maps

test:  deletes a property by name .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  used   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a profile instance from the user .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   case

test:  sets a target with a list of strings to be saved .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  copy   patch
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  take an image and pw to affine transformation .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  put   =
truth:  null   null

test:  return the current line number of the current line .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   work
truth:  return   a

test:  api workflow operation to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  checks   workflow
truth:  null   null

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  context manager to easily use a zip file to store the zip file to a file .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   a

test:  disable serializers that are available at untrusted .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute student connectivity for a file .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  returns   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  find all tests in the given python source .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   up
truth:  find   find

test:  returns true/false whether a string has a definition .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  used   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  returns the euclidean distance between two vectors .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  flattens a list of longs to a comma-separated string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  turns a full list into a list of strings .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract user information from the specified admin key .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   consul

test:  removes existing oauth oauth user .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroy   user
truth:  destroys   null

test:  translation matrix to translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  document   order
truth:  return   matrix

test:  get the photo .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate descriptor for a test class .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues an email to the hash of the hash .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   checks
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random svd .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the similarity similarity between two configrss frames .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   classification
truth:  null   similarity

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  function   get
truth:  given   a

test:  validate and validates valid values .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   date
truth:  validate   validate

test:  pull common email from remote account .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  account   logs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  converts an ascii representation of a protocol to a string .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  check   bson
truth:  turns   a

test:  train a network using autoencoder .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a rewrite_links() protobuf from a string of third_party to a single dnsserviceref .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  compute   a

test:  extract an http response from an http response and return it .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  standard deviation .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  document   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an :class: if the given type is not a schema .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  null   instance
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check if a given object has a device that matches the argument memory .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   cuda

test:  sets the lift lift .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  generated   multivariate
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return a list of all available vm data .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to change owner or group of article to one of its article .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   mark
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device allocated to a node .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify the agent for a agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  return   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  creates an object c{obj} for testing .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  single entry point for the application .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  question   process
truth:  parses   parses

test:  merge the packages in a persistentstate .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  merges   data
truth:  attempt   a

test:  return an object by name .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list possible group names across multiple possible .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  queries   setting
truth:  find   find

test:  make sure the test if a single instance is found .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a replacement for the owner where this user is allowed to access .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if a given host is on the given host and port .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  host   host

test:  fixture to return a valid mozilla user .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  create   create

test:  notify recipients from recipients to be processed .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  document   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  allow all known namespaces in this package .
truth: version of node . 
test:  list   parses
truth:  null   version

test:  when you want to copy a opposite .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  null   patch
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a randomly generated data sampled with noisy features .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  index   index

test:  wrap a certificate to an existing key .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  wraps   arguments
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  render the celery settings for this application .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  settings   use
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image by scaling each scale .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  report   null
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write a file to disk .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get all calendar info for a test instance .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  converts text given image to a sequenceexample .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  file   convert
truth:  build   build

test:  pads n elements of a sequence with the mount elements .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pads   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  merge multiple errors in an error .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find a matrix this function is a coincidence matrix that contains all the nearest axis .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  a decorator to bind the proper row and sets the appropriate row names on the cell names .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  bind   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find all possible expressions in a sentence in an expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  to   helper

test:  read the first rms of the data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  do   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check that score can be valid .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  allow   str
truth:  validates   validates

test:  recursively sort the dictionaries of two dictionaries .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  returns   elements
truth:  test   test

test:  compute cross entropy between two distributions .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  a partition partition must be used as a partition and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   confidence
truth:  null   generic

test:  start a wsgi application .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  starts   start
truth:  error   error

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function :math:f(x)=(1 + exp)^{-1} .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  returns more information for log .
truth: adds site . 
test:  return   information
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper function for f/g .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   product

test:  converts a firewall image into a base 85 .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  returns the torrent seeds of the torrent for a torrent file .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of information for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts a list of items to a list of pages .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str str with all occurrences of substring old str replaced by new str .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install dependencies and prevent it .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for various distros .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  returns a string of the page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  context manager that ignores all of the specified profile .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  start   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  copies a search_service_pb to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  index   index

test:  find the platform platform in a short platform .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  used   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate an type_qualifier_list device .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set out the api auth auth .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   response
truth:  set   set

test:  merge multiple extra arguments .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check a module-level arguments with atexit from the languages logger .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  finds and returns a tuple of test modules that can be found in a given package .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  list   a
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip test if algorithm is already present .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return the comment header of a comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   get
truth:  string   string

test:  test restart with an quteprocess test if the test fails .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a simple wrapper for the bokeh kwargs .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return a human-readable string for use with precision precision .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  add an ssh public key to the db api .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  create a vlm_media of a file from a cache directory .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  perform   create
truth:  create   a

test:  shows the html representation of a course book .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  view   endpoint
truth:  show   show

test:  decode unicode string from the given file into unicode parts .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  read   html
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  computes a random instance of seconds between days and seconds .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  mark   build
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if a file exists as a valid file encoding .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  check   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a path to the provided pack for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string to a unicode string .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  converts   basestring
truth:  convert   a

test:  test relative_to and same values as a separate statement .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a format format type based on a format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check if a port returns returns a port returns an error returns a port returns returns same port .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a given string is an instance of other than other memory .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the value to use for the given currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure the keystone user is absent .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  checks that the input means of the second area .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  compute   checking
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reads the first file from the network device and return the contents of it .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  view that redirects a user is logged out of the current user .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  have   a
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a callback decorator .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  locate like locatefilename .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  get   steps
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  ensure that the certificate at the given file is in openssl to expiry the name of the certificate to expiry .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  dump message to color .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  print   message
truth:  prints   prints

test:  compute the freedman bins of a least one of the regression .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  value   null
truth:  calculate   number

test:  determines a manager instance for a given type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extract a key from a dict of dictionaries .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  navigate   data

test:  return a dictionary of all contact labels .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the depth of the given area .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   a

test:  delete keyword from a response .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text from the decimal and writes the decimal text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a version of the list .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  generate   version
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  if the supplied request has been changed .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  check if version is installed .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  convert win32 sha512 by win32 to win32 .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a integrate for the given hash of the passed data .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  return   pass
truth:  modified   display

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  revert polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  exclude the home directory if possible .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  exclude   module
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a vpc hosted id and name .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches the open threads of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify & classes passed to the metaclass & work .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator for api test functions .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  parameters init_args if not none .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  find   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog dict .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  call a remote method with given arguments .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  call   a
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  see spatio-temporal helper for robust covariance matrix parameters sandwich : int the number of observations for which the cluster is calculated .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo mode .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches the string for the specified language .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  if the user follows follows or email address is present in redirect .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  checks   wrapper
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller - used for searching for people by skill - used for differential access permissions .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   resource

test:  warn the message to stderr .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of users with keys .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  spartist <album> -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find the root chain of a vdi chain .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return a sorted list of tracked files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return an ordereddict that represents the settings in a set of pairs .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  create   null
truth:  makes   a

test:  pushes out the push push subscription to the course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  parse   send
truth:  sends   a

test:  build the python archive into a list of arguments .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  builds   graph
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  returns the group id for a group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns value of given ip address .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  copies document to a relative document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  documents   updates
truth:  document   document

test:  if available .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a file matches a python modules with a given filename .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  solc arguments for data_format .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  saving   arguments
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in templates to set up the start of a templates in a templates .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  returns true if the leading range is older than one of the other .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  return a 2-d array with all permutations in the set of permutations .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  finds   null

test:  finder is a non-regression index for the indent specified .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of roles .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a group id and return it .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  chown   a
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: user using user_display {% user_display user -- user_display {% user_display user_display or if you need to use it as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  gets   example
truth:  null   example

test:  separate this interface from the systems interface to bokeh-travis out what happens .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  show   show

test:  enable concurrency checks .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   move
truth:  enable   enable

test:  format a signature as a dictionary of terms for display .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  formats   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get the path to the current script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  fill markdown notebook for the supplied notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  combine   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  normalize table statistics to a raw directory .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  output   deseq2vs
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  checks the field name is a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checking   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tag the tag for a release .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  behave   a
truth:  specified   tag

test:  encode path as a unicode string .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  open   unicode
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a new datastore resource .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieve a list of indexes for the provided namespace .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current request has associated to the given site .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a list of dictionaries into a numpy array .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  like   a
truth:  converts   python

test:  test that a mixin attribute works for creating a mixin .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  add   a
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a string into a boolean .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns a decorator that raises an exception when input is not a normal record .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  completion configuration of a model .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an expression with keys of type subs and values converted to subs .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  returns   obj
truth:  substitute   values

test:  this view is blank .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  view   view
truth:  noop   noop

test:  compile the arguments with inclusion_no_params_from_template from the given function .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  input   compile
truth:  takes   args

test:  recursively remove all memory memory from the log .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  log   a
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get interpret plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  analyze   analyze
truth:  get   meta

test:  same as grading_context .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  normalize   base
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_orientation works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  get shaft mesh from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  apply environment to a local link .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  return   environment
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause when creating a scheduled server .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  close   returns
truth:  resume   resume

test:  builds a string of weight units names .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the spacing matrix of the given array .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  check   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  call this function via an account on a class .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   return
truth:  use   use

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   linodes

test:  a helper function to check if a readable upload segments is a candidates .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  file   function
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  true if the passed in the url is a valid html page .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   sequence

test:  validates a column name for a field .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a paragraph to make it indentation inside a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  skip a test if a series is unavailable .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skip   run
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip fiducials and offer points .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  memoize   points
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries available to the cloud libraries .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return "quadtree encoding of a file .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  value   none
truth:  return   return

test:  return version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets the most recent transaction for the current thread .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group access for a group .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  equalize an image by nbins and return the histogram of the binary image .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  generates   image
truth:  return   image

test:  set a cache key to download a cache storage .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encodes a string using double braces .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  filtered   a
truth:  compresses   a

test:  returns the sha-1 generated digest of the key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  create local process .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  create   function
truth:  creates   pid

test:  get all available vagrant config .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  configured   get
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check a volume group .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  known   check
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize a request counts for a given issue .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  initializes   null

test:  generate hashed bits associated with key bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  wrap   lists
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the last time of a top of the month .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  run   get
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns a list of node tree of a given tree structure .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   numbers
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  do a main security image .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  null   use
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  verify that the given object is equal to desired and importerrors .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  local watcher .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a link is a link .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  remove symbolic link from src .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copy   python
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager to temporarily override specific code while running the test with statement .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all the bag inside a window .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  gets the latex preview preview .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the url for the given login view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  url   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  build a recursive requests for no instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  rows   fetch
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plotting psd psd .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  check if a cg has a cgsnapshot that has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the modules to a file .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  performs   slashes
truth:  write   null

test:  parse and return a timestamp and its contents .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes the specified network network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   provider
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return alf_exceptions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   safari_extensions
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url this one uses wcs .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of instructor objects of historical tasks for all instructor tasks .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a function to make a table matrix .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  make   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls to_string .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  to   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns dict for measures measures the coefficient in rfc 2822 .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  conditionally conditionally runs on a thread and fills it to the thread .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  print   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  a simple wrapper that allows us to async version of a html page .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  create   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return laplacian rotated .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new already exists and it should not already been a file if it does not already exist .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  deprecated   a
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure we can compare a parseresults exception .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  make   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  get a tree of dictionaries with all kinds about the system as keys .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  get   split
truth:  returns   a

test:  pickle object into a database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  link   a
truth:  null   in

test:  take an image and return the resulting requirements .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   memory
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return all registered language classes .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until a variable is loaded .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate by weeks .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get centroid of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   bevel
truth:  get   get

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  negative binomial truncated densities .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a dict into a flat dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats a mapdict mapdict according to the given mapdict .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  formats   formats

test:  re-evaluate the input string for production code for the duration of html/xml .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  delete   integer
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports signal handlers on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   send_catch_log
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  send an email to the user .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  model   email
truth:  send   a

test:  test that set incorrectly works .
truth: if a . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  if   a

test:  validate that value is a positive float or zero float .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  warn the missing microversion header for the http request .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  build   null
truth:  log   a

test:  saves a cohort to the specified group .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  capture   null
truth:  emits   a

test:  handle intersection of many line .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  is   get
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  get   null
truth:  value   value

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  first skycoord list contain a jaspar representation .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  teardown the handler for the last argument of a given request .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  create an application app for testing .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   a

test:  find unique columns in a given table .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  inspect   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a ipv6 address string into a list of ast .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test end of regular expression .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  end   end
truth:  end   end

test:  fixture that provides a blob that provides a blob that is marked as a blob that can be run .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  test   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  connect a tool to a server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  stop   changes
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  checks to see if a path exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  upload files and push them to a docker folder .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  applies   upload
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   get
truth:  package   package

test:  encrypts an encrypted varblock file using the given class-based .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  cached   null
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  prints additional information for additional units .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   version
truth:  print   a

test:  convert a timestamp in a relative time string to a time .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   current
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if a free instance is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts yaml statement list into a string .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  add the x intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  slices off the harmonic slices of an array of points .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  computes   n
truth:  slices   slices

test:  wraps a method with a normal api call .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   up
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator to use a method in a concrete method .
truth: create a property . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirects the user to the page .
truth: takes request . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  request   request

test:  a custom 404 404 error page .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  null   custom

test:  render a response object if it doesnt exist .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  load a session file and return it .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  read   a
truth:  load   load

test:  uses filter() to get a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  return   handler
truth:  get   a

test:  create a link from src to dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  strips all lines seen up from a given string .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   try

test:  returns true if the given filename has a unprocessed file .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a boolean indicating the specified dns records .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  does   a
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - instantaneous trendline .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses the timestamp of a timestamp string and returns a datetime object .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  used   property
truth:  parses   parses

test:  provides a cloud storage backend for a single process .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  use the given signature to verify that the incoming signature are assigned .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  compute data that is a certain column of an array or column labels .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test qute:log with a qutebrowser wait for the given message to be logged .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the best docstring from a assignment array .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  exact quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  null   quotient
truth:  null   quotient

test:  determines if the input string represents an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  converts a pil matrix to a standard julian matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  oauth2 oauth2 access information .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  command   create
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns a string like 5 months name for a field .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  makes a user is the reason name of the package to be importable .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  listen   a
truth:  add   a

test:  to_address the root root of the given dimension .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  null   a
truth:  move   move

test:  a slightly quotes of corpus .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  results   demonstration
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  adds an http url to the context for use with the given arguments .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the configuration directory path .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  delete an existing tag .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the directory component of the current pathname .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function for quickly getting a request .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  null   in

test:  return a runner object tied to the twisted timeout .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  make   a

test:  return the updater interval .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if path starts with prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  null   prefix
truth:  return   return

test:  plot signatures trace and tracks .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  turns on error editor .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  null   fix
truth:  open   open

test:  given a string representing a scheme url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a tuple of companies .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   returns
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return a certificate for a given certificate .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  given   data
truth:  return   return

test:  get the key type from the prefix .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset of stuff to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   a

test:  create the menu class for the given instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  is a type a type 3d : a type of expression a less type .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the given file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  some tests with wrong entities .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  test   a
truth:  serializing   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : before :(%) now:(%) changed:(%) .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a new stonith stonith command line with the passed cibfile name/path .
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   message
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the files cached on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  try to do a cherrypy auth .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   request
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a list of show results from the input figure .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  is   a
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get content ids from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   method
truth:  get   get

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  generate   task
truth:  create   a

test:  train a set of files and train them .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  if   training
truth:  executes   null

test:  test reading trailing spaces .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  null   test
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all services that are available but not enabled .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  match an event with the given name .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  register   event
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application in an application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  returns c{true} if the current request is a debug .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether the user can access the given user .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  checks for certain count of core .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a dictionary of the arguments passed to the named type .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  format   null
truth:  print   print

test:  simple preload to make sure that when a preload has been used .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  make   file
truth:  if   check

test:  set defined class in human readable set_permissions .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  query   a
truth:  modify   methods

test:  filter otu table by :class:spyne to one of the only supported samples .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   otu
truth:  filter   otu

test:  gprs complete section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  request   aa
truth:  null   null

test:  load a post frame file and return its columns .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  read   load
truth:  load   a

test:  validate a project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  validate   guess
truth:  ensure   null

test:  takes a list of api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  to   method
truth:  if   checks

test:  helper method to grab session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return installed packages from a python package .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  return   try
truth:  get   get

test:  url only minimal sanity check on python 3 .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   null

test:  creates a new created request .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  post   post

test:  noise series inversion 1/p modulo o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  find   correlation
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  attempt to define a string for a given __name__ cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  define   a

test:  return the storage repository without destroying the vdis within our storage .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  power a node .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  set   null
truth:  request   power

test:  friendly wrapper for pairwise .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to parse a tag for a next filename .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  read   text
truth:  return   return

test:  fabtools fabtools .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get an application id by name .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the url that a string that matches a valid token .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  return   return
truth:  token   token

test:  context manager to delete a temporary object from an object .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check to see if the specific log exists .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   up
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of responses as a list of command .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  see   null

test:  tests to ensure that hugs to a dictionary took only supports a key/value pair .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  checks for valid parameters containing astropy .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  see *on* .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  required   example
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a boolean of whether the first argument is getnameinfo .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument rack descendants from a track track .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  encodes a low-level hexadecimal bit as per rfc4648 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  check whether the mailchimp list in the mailchimp list exists and the mailchimp lists are valid .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return the version of locate cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a module .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  given   a
truth:  import   import

test:  records a record to a datetime .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  expire   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the device from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing all localizer and configure the given language code .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  null   factory

test:  create the uninitialized tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cached setting for a given destination setting .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  return tuple of console tuples and height of console .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  adds   api
truth:  null   api

test:  converts a numeric rgb components to a decimal .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks over input data structures and modify it as a simple property .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   converts
truth:  walks   a

test:  check if we can import an importable module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  run a shell command with given \n%s\n' .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  if   function
truth:  call   a

test:  opens the deprecate display .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  set   a
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of order others .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validates a clip against an input .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  delete flavor info from metadata table .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   instance_type
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  this function is called to store the tests to be executed upon .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  function   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  expands directories and above so that their are lists .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  does   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  table with twoline line numbers and check that we can read the data line as a table .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  read   text
truth:  read   read

test:  finds and return a module in the given module .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   path
truth:  null   null

test:  load a template from the given template .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks the name of a datastore .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  find the gaussian mean of a gaussian distribution in the start .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  returns   confidence
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location updating reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  updating   response
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all attributes of a given container .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   replace
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a json string that matches the data .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  looks   data
truth:  null   mac

test:  given a global class .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  be   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  registers this controller .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  register   populate
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  returns the api user .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  create   args
truth:  creates   a

test:  shutdown the windows service usage: .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  replace explicit quotes in a string .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   replace
truth:  text   text

test:  check that the format and precision are correct .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  format   store
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a 0 channels that is compatible with the given channel and socket .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  do   null

test:  a context manager to mock transformers for registered patch requests .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  define   return
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if the node is in the subscription subscription .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the global notification notification type for the given user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a directory for the given directory with the given directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   a

test:  format a block of lines as a pair of bytes for true/false .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache class for the given cache dict .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  null   cache
truth:  create   create

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the pieces configuration from ini file .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is installed .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  check that all regions that have been editable by the last rep_doc in a doing .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  record   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list with default folders as keys and set with keys as keys .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  context   default
truth:  default   default

test:  parameters init_args : array of before differs .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  init   checks
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns information about the group and path to the group .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the short version of raw and seconds .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  function   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister an email hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   send
truth:  unregister   null

test:  recursively encode a field field and if it doesnt already be given .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of longs to a plugin name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  return   plugin
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  function that automatically operates to mark a method as skipped .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  to   method
truth:  mark   method

test:  checks whether a child keyring keyring exists cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   keyring

test:  this function creates an index types for a approach .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  helper function to replace the most recent scope of the provided scope .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  expand   posts
truth:  compute   compute

test:  toggle a widget toggle .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  set   requests
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lparen lparen lparen direct_abstract_declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  defines the subsection grade for a given event .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  null   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  generate   a

test:  try to format help help help help text .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  return a list of all miscs .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  update   call
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   file
truth:  open   open

test:  return the message to a named service args: msg : service name of the service to check for which to send .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  start   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  urlopen -> int resolve the server at url .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  get version from deprecated .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  return   version
truth:  get   version

test:  copy entries from one to another .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist expr | expr .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  removes   accents
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  add an element of the leading domain to f .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  take   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  remove a filename from a filename .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  format the status for a github github api .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  helper function to parse an s3 service .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  is   null

test:  add a following batches of an input tensors .
truth: add i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   i

test:  generate a encode range range(port_max & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  like   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  helper function to select a helper .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  selects   null
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  plugin   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  a view that can be displayed to wrap a mechanism page .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  return a specific language language .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   try
truth:  module   module

test:  create an annotation port using the given prefix .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  url   url

test:  implements the address eigenvalue in rfc 2822 .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  read   checks
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that a bad delimiter works with a regular expression .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test an existing qurl .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a long to a human readable shape .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a string representing the given value .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  store   a
truth:  function   function

test:  run unittests check in a file and return all valid output .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  executes   null

test:  add init chart to make a dataset from a dataset .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  create   a

test:  extract id from real id .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  multiply   module
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  check that multinomial matches expected mean of a positive shape .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named grafana users is absent name the name of the user to remove users via name the users on this node .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check whether a short number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if path can be a tarfile .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  convert a hostname to an existing or hazard form .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  markdown   call
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario matches with tags should respond with tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy a vm instance .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick data type containing cartesian data .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   include
truth:  pick   pick

test:  always returns none .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  function   a
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  detaches summary of a new disk with a granted number of label .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  builds   tests
truth:  function   function

test:  copy data to a temp directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  copy   copy

test:  internal helper function to make a new certs .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get information about an unpadded info information .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   column

test:  return the portaudio version of the text output .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the given package is a dependency .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  prints   check
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  resizes a number of elements of each resource in a list of "cos" .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  typing   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  ensure retries with retries embed .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   contexts

test:  given a file attributes .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  module   attributes
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a list of unique elements of order .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a textual status message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only work on systems .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   statistics

test:  returns a module containing all modules in the application modules .
truth: execute app . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull out the data loaded from the minion datastore cli example: .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  return   format
truth:  pull   salt

test:  checks that the given token matches the given criteria .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  remove contacts from the episodes .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  removes   localization
truth:  remove   a

test:  fetch an lyricswiki response for a given title .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  sends   returns
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use processes and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   login
truth:  use   threads

test:  returns a list of email objects for the given request .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  asserts that the given package contains the given package and that difference not found .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrap unicode files in the response .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  return   chunks
truth:  -   -

test:  keeps the item at the given iteration through a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  null   items
truth:  count   count

test:  prepare a set of args and transductive .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the current time since the system time :return: true if time is on disk :rtype: str .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  displays   get
truth:  get   get

test:  load a given index .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  parse   a

test:  updates resolved metadata .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  launches   project
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes the specified firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  monkey patch for a set of points .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a new path to git repository .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  return   path
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  make an http objects .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the matrices from the mnist .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  apply   create
truth:  output   output

test:  indicates if a given context is deleted .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  if   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  install latest latest version of os .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  uses   downloads
truth:  to   setup

test:  returns a function to display to deprecated .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function loads the signature of a single test .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  take   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function for the input x .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  null   get
truth:  handle   a

test:  show the version of ~ssl .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  prints   netmiko
truth:  show   show

test:  load a plugin path from the given file if it doesnt already exist .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   build
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a block storage volume name to an already device cli example: .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  saves an existing usercontributionsmodel to new datastore contributions .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  save   null
truth:  commits   a

test:  creates a callback to be used correctly .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  generate   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a new snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  given a python object .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  function   factory
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by choosing .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  display   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  sort an http header by http confirms .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the portage service .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  create an absolute name .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  get   a
truth:  add   a

test:  executes a compiler given the compiler on the given compiler .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  no changes to the book-crossing .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  returns   prints
truth:  prompt   users

test:  get the type of a package object as a tuple of its subdirectories .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current track .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  return the named attribute name .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  recursively destroy a statement after each statement in the test .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to check the actual run of the given series in the passed in svd .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  gets   representation
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of subnets to which the host belongs cli example: .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a multivariate value of a polynomial in bytes .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  put   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a reverse method for testing the reverse method in reverse order .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  apply a branching chain to each .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  create a parser for testing to be created by name .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  file   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a string .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  join   move
truth:  turns   null

test:  a context manager that preserves the audio rate at which to use .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  context   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the language-code thats supported language names .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  saves configuration to json file .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   configuration
truth:  save   configuration

test:  calculate the correlation objective function for a given precision .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  builds a test suite for the above tests .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  create   blocks
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual access to the provided string .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the preferred channel .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  send   send

test:  fixture to patch imports using the test suite .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  stubs   fixture
truth:  patch   patch

test:  determine if a repository revision revision is present in a changeset repository and the received changeset .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   create

test:  configure the rules with the remote host .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion of the bayesian criterion parameters criterion : array_like the number of observations that can be converted to the bayesian value in the bayesian .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  value   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  recursively put a natural natural .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile a file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  cast an entity output given some coerce coerce .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   entity
truth:  convert   entities

test:  reference : reference to a reference .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load a resource from its name .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   null
truth:  file   file

test:  a decorator that adds a method to a class that applies a method of a method .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  a method to change the column-based database .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  null   app
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  compute mlinspace unitary .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  returns   array
truth:  constructs   a

test:  converts an integer to a human readable string .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read a page from the given file and return a filemetadata object .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   headers
truth:  read   read

test:  login the client with the given session and password .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  context   null
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  makes a sample from a sample on some output .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the current cache version .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   server
truth:  set   set

test:  getrandomnumber:long return an n-bit random number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct matplotlib figure using matplotlib library .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  called   func
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a path to the review registry for caching .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  return   a
truth:  am   am

test:  print an error message to stderr and exit if an error was not found .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  print   print
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses exponent .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  end   end

test:  returns a string with elements in a sequence of items .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  fail to make sure the setup() holds the matplotlib message .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  escape   log
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  make a simple service dict with a supplied name and name .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert an integer from a pluralrule format into a standardized float .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 country instances in the country code .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  transfer a directory down .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if an narrow should be created with a default narrow .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   changes

test:  force all available tables .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  func   a
truth:  force   force

test:  print a string to stdout .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  null   a
truth:  string   string

test:  set the global registry registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  check to see if pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  function   function

test:  call -> returncode run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   command

test:  returns an array of values along an axis .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an arch linux package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add common arguments to an existing document .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  add   null
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check if the given number of instances have correct instances .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  find   sys
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return simple webapp server configuration path for the server .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  build   a
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the number of channels from the translation to be used .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  returns   message
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns file items in a given path .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   items

test:  delete the given senderkey .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  load this state if the victorops module exists .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  displays a page with the given revision .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  group sums by default .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   group
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  check if the given path is a properly formatted str for the current raise an error if the isnt isnt .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  check   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh activation function :math:varphi(x) = frac{1}{1 + e^{-x}} parameters x : float32 the tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   activation
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a multi-part corner .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  generate   convenience
truth:  find   corners

test:  gets the xunit object from the expression .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  function   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an umc module object for a given db_model .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  object   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a model or created entry .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  downloads an results format .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  see   tests
truth:  download   download

test:  aborts execution and causes a function timing .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing area update request section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  null   failure
truth:  routing   area

test:  load a file from the specified file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  given   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  copy a file from a filename and return the filename .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   method

test:  reads the docker keys of docker-compose file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   enumerate
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different different different output .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   xunit
truth:  test   xunit

test:  constant-time string vars with numbers contained in two arrays .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  wraps a method in the class that it performs a method in the -tuples .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signal from receiver weak .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   a
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  test   sys
truth:  testing   sys

test:  create a smoothed dictionary of numbers along numbers based on associated numbers .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  create   create
truth:  construct   null

test:  a decorator that modifies a function to its deprecated function .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisor on a specific account .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  optimized   modules
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  replace spaces in spaces with their respective version .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  utf-8   version
truth:  create   a

test:  revision check check against a given blackbody .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  call   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  return a queryset with the elements of an unknown table .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   table

test:  command : next id lparen id .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is a symlink .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get remaining remaining pair of a correct edge polygon .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  set   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of entries that are sorted from the same arguments as the argument string .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume type from the values dictionary .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ban year:e .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  add   up
truth:  null   page

test:  gets data based on usernames and usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  get   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check if the text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  check that a labeled package doesnt exist .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  reads a string representation of a file .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  actor focused page .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  null   page
truth:  focused   user

test:  convenience method works on all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   chunks
truth:  print   a

test:  formats the billedopprotos for comparing a scanning coefficient .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   copy
truth:  formats   a

test:  this is a hack of networks .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  null   remote
truth:  run   run

test:  normal distribution .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  create a url for an endpoint .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a decimal place for a decimal ordinal ordinal .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   create

test:  writes message immediately to stdout .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  print   message
truth:  log   log

test:  returns a list of largest elements of g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate the template navigation navigation navigation navigation navigation .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  generate   load
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a sites record .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  make   a
truth:  access   access

test:  initial callback - adds extra properties for django database .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  check   sets
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the variable is undefined .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  return   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  converts a time in bytes into a time .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  translate   time
truth:  converts   a

test:  a decorator that adds a view to flask security security headers .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  include a directory from a given path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the number of singular would be present by a stderr .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  see   null

test:  helper to get/create a new translation .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  require   create
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed items from the given album file into maxwidth .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   users
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert an argument to a date .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  like   read
truth:  convert   argument

test:  list nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check if the linux command exists .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  record   implementation
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function :math:f(x)=(1 + exp)^{-1} .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  null   propagation

test:  converts django fields to a list of fields .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the standardized time since the given cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  did   null

test:  convert a pandas bundle name into a dataframe value .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  get   get
truth:  read   a

test:  return a directory to store the given tmpfile object .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   return

test:  try to obtain an http basic credentials from the user .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  check that typechecking .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if the component_filter based on the os tk tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  html-escape -> string return true if the variable is a string .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize the module if it already exists .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  get   info
truth:  set   up

test:  calculate all cyclic metasploit for cyclic metasploit .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  report   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  view user for getting node ids from a node .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   file
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   vms
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  look   source
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns a dictionary with xml entities according to the requested xml .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  add   network
truth:  returns   a

test:  a post-hook for rar3 .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  detect   pivot
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert the given header to a representing the dest .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  convert   bytes
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  add a single kernel kernel for single image .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  send arp who-has requests to determine if the packet is greater than min_version and not highlighted .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  to   samples
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  sort   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find all do nothing in the word where elements are in text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  form   find
truth:  handle   handle

test:  struct_declarator : direct_declarator colon colon .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  do some tests with the vim bug decorated test unless its dependencies .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  host   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure the rabbitmq configuration has been created .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  retrieve a list of index names given a key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  return   course
truth:  get   get

test:  because bing has to be an asshole and require special params .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  get   one

test:  given a different image of an image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  called by the timeout alarm .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns data files that is needed to be stored in the path .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  returns   virtual
truth:  return   return

test:  decompress iterator of bytes like oil .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  yield   reset
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  create a instance of the specified parent .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  record   record

test:  a simple test function that cooperatively on a single configuration .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  null   wsgi
truth:  test   test

test:  get all instance faults for the provided instance_uuids .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  check that all argument argument passes the same number .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  fetch   something
truth:  import   a

test:  check processing device .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  create   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  restores the configuration of the fields that may contain a rendered follower .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  resets   task
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  like sys .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  null   path
truth:  decode   a

test:  get current git .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a wsgi lock that can be used to synchronized the prefix .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  add   a
truth:  object   object

test:  runs ctc beam algorithm on each element .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  update   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return a list of available keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  wraps a typical method and return a partial partial sympifiable the resulting function .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  gets   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all files on the container server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return memory usage .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   current

test:  returns the disk size for a given linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  get   system
truth:  returns   returns

test:  an object should be a single attributes .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  like   obj
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a json list of yaml appinfo to a text3d .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a dict of cpan configuration values cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all admin folders for a folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a custom response object .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   response

test:  cast x to one type or digits .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit 32 .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  delete an http container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  object   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  converts an internationalized resource identifier to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a condition to be created .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  port port for cli example: .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  represent   return
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  helper for static warning to use this only allows one code to be directly when invoked with arguments .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  read   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorator that calls the decorated function for creating a dummy application that class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  makes   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password password .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   data
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the host table for the specified host .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   interface
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve a document and setup the provided permission .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   prompt
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  list currently installed packages cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   null

test:  write the specified data to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  a decorator that makes sure a custom model is there in a custom model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  process the faces .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  get   process
truth:  process   process

test:  groups groups that have beginning and end .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  token   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  create a new model instance .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher this plugin allows you to use a build as a build plugin .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   shell
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : expr plus expr | expr minus expr | expr times expr | expr divide expr .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  round a precision using a precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  round   round

test:  remove an expression from an expression tree .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts arrays into list of np .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  like   version
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the given matplotlib code at the given length .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  code   code

test:  convert group to xml .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  gets a pair of a service .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  display   get
truth:  get   get

test:  adds an entity by modifying it to an entity .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  declare   task
truth:  call   call

test:  compute proj using dpss node .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  returns a circle screensize with a value .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  xml   =
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return the line graph of all nodes in g .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  adds an http url to the url if its not already there .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse an openid response .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return data to a specific returner .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  to   load
truth:  return   data

test:  find the longest tree with the given prefix .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  finds   index
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the current request object .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  fills   in

test:  get a list of modules for this modules .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   notifications

test:  check if there is no "override" method for given point .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  teardown   table
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert image to floats .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  read   converts
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  disable all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  figure   stop
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary into a flat flat flat flat arrays .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin that can be systemd .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   localization
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if the given url is an ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test that automatically loads the font type is unique .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  get   test
truth:  loading   loading

test:  returns a regextokenizer object given a uri .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   returns
truth:  compile   compile

test:  transform legacy legacy legacy parameters into something can be specified in a form .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  build   null
truth:  transform   a

test:  check the unicode bug label of a numpy ndarray .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  n-dimensional detrend linear linear correlation coefficient .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  get the current system info cli example: .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  the reader should not allow javascript for cover to make sure memory more choose_port() when the number of strings are calculated .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  if   plots
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return art url from art .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  config   generate
truth:  return   art

test:  check that a autotest_web autotest_web view and its default arguments are not created with both .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   github
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine determine gauss-lobatto between two sets of [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  returns   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a class of length attached to the model class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  convert the given property to a notificationsetting property type .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  measure   key
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a function to provide a variable using a custom 'custom .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check if a user can delete the given addon .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a connection has a domain to the given error .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers that are available .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the system terminal .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of the currently format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  looks for the specified year .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  remove   filesystem
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_local_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates and from a valid exits to and execute a few exits .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  multiply the number of numbers in the range .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   method

test:  remove the given plugins .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve a english english by place it with your categoricals or actor instance .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return information about the nics nics for a particular vm .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  list   instances
truth:  create   network

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  remove one or more networks .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  connect   volume
truth:  existing   list

test:  get only regarded within nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate a b-spline or its derivatives .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  find   find

test:  write the .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  write   checks
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove the existing character of text .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get an albuminfo object by plugins and fields .
truth: as above . 
test:  set   albuminfo
truth:  null   null

test:  release media list created with this l{libvlc_media_list_lock} instance .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  creates   media
truth:  get   media

test:  helper function to find a list of host names on a specific host .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  use this function to get a list of pids of all pids on this account cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   a

test:  get all compute services belonging to a binary .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   services

test:  test that a pytables does not work on a bug .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize a pandas index type by indexing two type subclade .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  matches   process
truth:  replace   series

test:  return a list of prefixes that are searched in g .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  return   a

test:  handles the response for a web request that doesnt exist on the web page .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a tuple of for all locale .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize the server configuration .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  normalize   in
truth:  setting   setting

test:  return the inverse of a .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  convert   b
truth:  null   null

test:  test label sign when an easy_installed covariance was modified .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  io   intervals
truth:  label   label

test:  return the similar entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  insert a scheduled returner from the minion .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  return   data

test:  gets the about the about the given service .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  function   version
truth:  get   get

test:  given a pair of line egg:paste#cascade .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  is   version
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return objects of an object .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  object   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  single transaction denied page .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  display   reports
truth:  denied   user

test:  an array with device that matches the same ary .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  call   cuda

test:  convert graph6 .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  loads a template and returns the filenames .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  return   load
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  replace all special characters with .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  replace   convert
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return the minimum of the values of an n-d image array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  is   input
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  toggle the default event on the current image .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   deserialize
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  checks if a partial exception is in keyword arguments where weve been changed or not in keyword arguments and the items in keyword .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  get the beginning of the first line which starts with " .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  expand   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes the menu entities from the table .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parses a number of bytes from a number .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  expects   null

test:  returns action callback that factorization signed on dates .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  create   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  send a server-server broken command .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  render   matplotlib
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects of the specified service .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add entities to custom fields if available .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if there are controller for given user permissions .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  returns   controller

test:  note: evennia .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   text
truth:  format   a

test:  unloads a vm by sending it down to the container .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the base scalars of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  entry point for the script steps .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   load
truth:  decorates   a

test:  limit a new .
truth: open stream . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a string representing the sites of a resource .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  filters all errors from the given string .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filters   filter
truth:  filter   a

test:  test multiple appending line options .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize points in a list of points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   buckets
truth:  normalize   a

test:  compute the imdb proposals from a set of images .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  get   image
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test that a bug behaves behaves as expected .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  select   join
truth:  url   url

test:  remove leading whitespace from a pathname .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   null
truth:  string   string

test:  determine the default value for a given file .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  permanently attach a static instance .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  function   a
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if the last modification of the file access .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   action
truth:  read   in

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  allows an attribute name to be a recursive object .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  injects   log
truth:  log   log

test:  updates a vpn service cli example: .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  this used to replace the page-level when the request was made .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  fixes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the time of the get .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  check a component exception raised if an error is raised .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  asserts   exception
truth:  check   check

test:  delete a config key from the public key .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   config
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the list of all nodes that are descendants to be registered .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an iterator over the cumulative elements of a sequence .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  pair   chunks
truth:  return   return

test:  detach subnets from an elb .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   elb

test:  returns the protocol of the data that match the given data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  gets   html
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts all keys in a dictionary to the keys .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  value   dictionary
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a pandas color to a hex color string .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  takes   rgb
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  marks and makes sure that the request is restricted .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  generate a md5 hash from a given string .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the silhouette of a 3d score with silhouette .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert binary into integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   binary

test:  run old quiet quiet on a separate surface .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the insteon hub sensors .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  send global vehicle in specified specified specified duration and send it to the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   send
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  check if pip show pip is short .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  empty   check
truth:  test   test

test:  init weight init .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  init   module
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  find the index table by name and optionally copy it to one .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  inputs   a

test:  assert that the given problem is available in *choices* type .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  asserts   test
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create tp and tp10x instances of temporal poolers with identical parameters .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   tp
truth:  create   create

test:  draw draw .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  null   run
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compare two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  given   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the product of the given word .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of availability availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  construct an iterable of signify from a given list of signify signify : int number of signify file .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of dns services .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set default credentials for aws credentials .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   set
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encodings
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  configures a new put put on the aoa .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  set   configures
truth:  does   null

test:  sign a username using a matching kwargs .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  bind   checks
truth:  set   set

test:  list all repos in the repository display .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  files   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read a source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  strip leading whitespace and place multiple spaces .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  keydict replace long arguments by their 4-char arguments .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  remove   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return the recent recent user is currently most recently who log in .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send emails to notify the exploration email .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return list of methods of a function by class name .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   attribute
truth:  return   a

test:  cast a string to bytes .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  unicode   bytes
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of build files with info of sepcified .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  build   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the string to deal with the contents .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  do   text
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  determine the parameters for an existing host .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extracts the value of a ldd group from a dictionary .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parse   use
truth:  parses   parses

test:  attach a servers and port to an ismaster ismaster .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  define   null

test:  given a path string .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  adjust   a
truth:  given   a

test:  commit information controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to a url -> url?p1=v1&p2=v2 url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   parameters
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | stmt | stmt | varlist | stmt times varlist | varlist divide varlist | expr power stmt .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   varlist

test:  check if the action is access to the given user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  check   parse
truth:  calls   calls

test:  tests for object_id methods with passing in and for a method type .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  null   checking
truth:  creates   a

test:  given the output of a call to softmax .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template from the currently set the template .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print a sequence of formats commands for the given formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten the named function .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  given   return
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  find all items in a sequence for which predicate is true .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test subpixel accuracy with a model with a mode .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   =
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  removes entities from the input string .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  removes   returns
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  show a management command .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the heads file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return markdown text to escape the command line .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  compare   markdown
truth:  text   text

test:  use this decorator to override the test policies that should be executed .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup a container image .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   permissions
truth:  setup   setup

test:  given a file name and an n-bit file name .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  join   null
truth:  call   call

test:  wraps internal method so we can delete some detect multiple references from the hug library .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  make   null
truth:  use   use

test:  step definition definition with the specified table .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  step   definition

test:  return a list of the names of all available link names .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  read   adjust
truth:  find   find

test:  run the generic command .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  start   celery

test:  checks if a given environment exists .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the first search of the port and return a list .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   return
truth:  scans   null

test:  ensure the original test run a library stops .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  make   run
truth:  test   initialization

test:  a no-op implementation of the string specs .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   return

test:  run a single python compile_sass in a separate directory .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   python

test:  returns a sympy expression with all kroneckerdelta in it .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  returns   migrate
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a time string in the form of the form: date formats .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   date

test:  return default extension if it exists .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a right-stochastic of the cut-set of a graph .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return iterator of node-attribute cliques in g .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  this decorator is called by the idiotic library when one typically typically is loaded .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send a server-server containing the given dpid dpid .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the access path of an attribute path .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a number to a list of lists of unflatten .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iterates   split
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler to handler .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  configures   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a referenced referenced by its fully qualified name .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transform text into a human readable level .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  formats   map
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   null
truth:  display   a

test:  change the brightness of multiply images with multiply multiply .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  return   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns a list of vertices that are 4 in g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime object to a timestamp object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if its possible .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  to   redirects

test:  register registers a registers registers on the given mimetype .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  encrypts a random api key with the given key and iv .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  median absolute error regression loss for users .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   median

test:  return the special sparse matrix .
truth: computes np . 
test:  formats   l2
truth:  computes   np

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  find a free free ports that will return a whitespace-normalized free port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   return
truth:  count   count

test:  gets the current endpoint for the purchase .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate a category value .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validates   helper
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns random string value with random bytes replaced by a single space .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  string   string
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   remove
truth:  purges   purges

test:  registers the python class for a given category .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   register

test:  get custom attribute statistics for the given layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  get   field
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  this returns the normally of the most recently code .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  -   test
truth:  function   function

test:  create a file .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   call
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a value is set in the cluster property in a node .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test custom context for being custom records for being used .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  init init init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an tag .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  works   work
truth:  work   work

test:  register models and register hooks for a given r2 .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  required   populate
truth:  register   register

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  performs a purity check on the given node .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   a
truth:  view   view

test:  extract data from file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   site
truth:  extract   null

test:  get share document .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the path for the current test cases .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  to   function

test:  returns true/false if current system has already installed .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  safer helper to check a password against a password hash of a password .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check parallel predict .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   features
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return a status message for a given task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   task

test:  accept the metadata for a server .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  create   create

test:  decorate a bot bot that automatically only be run once .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test cases to test common test .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test if the variable is not being executed .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  return   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the psi for a 3d isotropic scalar .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test the functionality of the functionality .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   app

test:  reset the current greenlet to the context .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  set   set

test:  conditionally send an email email .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  escape   mail
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all user subscriptions for a given user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a json snippet .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  process   json

test:  run all test tests from all test cases .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  set it as a file .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   object
truth:  set   set

test:  analyse an image .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compresses and returns a overrides overrides to a get query string .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  emulate the answer into a sequence .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   keys

test:  deletes a list of users cli examples: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   load
truth:  delete   user

test:  iterates over the date in sources .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  takes a dense tree like poison and converts it to a list of descriptor .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return the permutation of the first kind .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for a libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test vi control-v style movements .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   encodes
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  remove scott scott from a gaussian distribution parameters x : array-like the number of observations of observations .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  null   bandwidth
truth:  null   rule

test:  crops all parameters from the given device .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the root mean squared error .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove flavor access for project .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  given   instance
truth:  given   remove

test:  saves a plain response headers .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   session
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove figure with closed events .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  call   running
truth:  remove   lines

test:  set up the current configuration .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   custom
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize using given command .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  using   resize

test:  delete the limits .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  docstring   logger
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns a list of files that have been mpkg .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get file data and codes for codes .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  get   load
truth:  file   file

test:  accumulate an explorationrights by either a number of parents or for each accounts .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  stack   list
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  shows the users activity list page .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime to a :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the current working directory .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parses a content-range range header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  prints the metric line .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sort a list of headers into a sorted list .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for functions that do a decorator .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a function search for all area on the given area .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  sort   numbers
truth:  return   return

test:  accepts a datetime object and fills it as a formatted date .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  utc   utc

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  null   solve
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  rgb to hex color space conversion .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  converts   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a storage variable with matching shape and shape .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a new theano model .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  learn   a

test:  set current clock forward by a given clock .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  set   call
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   image

test:  send an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  the mandatory entry point for the script .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  fetches   setup
truth:  to   runner

test:  iterate over all child nodes of node nodes .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  called only raising a key .
truth: given a key . 
test:  prepares   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the default value by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a string is older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that all dependencies of the given queue has been replaced with the given queue .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json severities model representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  get   events

test:  return information on open file scheme .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that a type of type passed to the given description .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  check   null
truth:  value   value

test:  extract tuple from various fields .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  extract   field

test:  given a sequence of image outputs .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  count the first ordering of a set of nodes count may be the same .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  format   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check a qdatastream status code .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  check if input is available .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  function   callback
truth:  if   null

test:  extract authentication id from segments token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper to create a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns precision precision based on passed currency .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   precision

test:  returns the cost of an array .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the matrix multiplication .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  compute   camera

test:  make sure that all root processes .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  used   null
truth:  run   run

test:  build a configuration dictionary .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  accepts   filters
truth:  logging   logging

test:  check if named tuple are equal .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  compare   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the quadratic function for rank-1 array .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  get   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generates a dict of key keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  a simple view that takes configuration matches the get parameter matches .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  input   checks
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this will add a orm orm to the class of any orm .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  context   context
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  slugify a string .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  check   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  updates http server using http .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  show   order
truth:  set   http

test:  remove a lock that break a redis document from a specific document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  find   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  split   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  runs   work
truth:  run   run

test:  clone the first reference from the component of a file .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  start   a
truth:  expands   null

test:  create an environment variable which has the highest argument .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  make   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  import content from git repository .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  export   a
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for empty fields in primer before header this function checks for empty values .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  performs a list of normalized denoting within a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  apply   docstring
truth:  insert   item

test:  train the solver .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  saves   prints
truth:  train   a

test:  return union of items in baselist with baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates a new python app object .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a package configuration file .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  update   a
truth:  remote   remote

test:  cast the given schema to a schema or a string .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  return   value
truth:  value   value

test:  replace all non-alphanumeric characters with .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  null   array
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  truncate a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  check if a variable is in the same state .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  extract information about memory memory from distribution .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   length
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest parts of a given normalized packet .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  convert   find
truth:  find   find

test:  converts from a hex ascii string to rgb .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a namespace object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png figure for the given figure .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   changes
truth:  given   null

test:  read all api requests .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   osquery_flags
truth:  return   return

test:  remote remote packages if running otherwise async or not .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  call   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  generate an array of ones with a given shape .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator to update page statistics on failure .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  clear the curry model and choose the <name> method .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  remove   cache
truth:  null   null

test:  make migrations for the application script .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  make   factory
truth:  create   database

test:  return the nth labeller given number of n .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  return   in
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update git .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  update   -
truth:  update   update

test:  generates searching for testfiles via searching for testfiles .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send a notification method .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  wraps   null

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dict of version names available in the plugins .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  format   format

test:  run the command inside the given job .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  run   a
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   new
truth:  construct   new

test:  convert an http response to a message .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the indexed loops from the grid .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  landing page for plugin .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  landing   error
truth:  render   render

test:  returns ith addresses of a given list of bridge/device .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a list of data that match the given data in the range .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  print   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  i have a sentence which runs multiple lines at the beginning of each time step .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  do   null

test:  returns a class from a string including module and space .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  returns   import
truth:  to   null

test:  chisquare test of proportions for proportions for proportions samples compared to control performs a chisquare test for pairwise comparisons .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   copies
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   ascii
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  read in the git format from path .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   get
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves an equation with the sensitivity order coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   routine
truth:  solves   a

test:  class decorator to only allows modules to be called .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  raising   decorator
truth:  to   function

test:  find the flattened for an exponential network .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check if the tp contains any tp .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a fixed point to make sure memory is after the following percentage .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  waits for the element to become available .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  null   null
truth:  click   click

test:  similar to escape() .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  expand   rate
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  set up the nearest component .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the maximum of an array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  null   *
truth:  null   a

test:  reject reject for a given experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  return   sequence
truth:  using   null

test:  removes a nexusport binding from db .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  read comments for the coordinate partition .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   worksheet
truth:  given   a

test:  read more members from more file system and html versions into html words .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  build optionparse .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  build   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  description is sql server and tells -- terminate database .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  return true if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the libcloud volume object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get a histogram of rotation stored in 20 encoding .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  performs   image
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  make a two binary arrays .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  is   create
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to format and intenum constant objects .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  create   a

test:  disables a string api name .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  declares   null

test:  reads flowgrams clustering in the given directory .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  return the scheme .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  null   order
truth:  send   send

test:  return a tuple of the elements of a callable .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string with decimal separator .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   show
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: dbref id < dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   bytes
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a list of all undeclared registered with their nodes .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  find   nodes
truth:  if   check

test:  return the directory for an absolute path .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the nibbles histogram .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the openshift secret key for a given secret key .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  generate the toolbox for a given toolbox .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  is   null

test:  use step .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  set   password
truth:  change   change

test:  utility method that returns a stack and the console diff .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  takes   null

test:  determine if a given character is expire .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that passing a time using a not changed time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   null

test:  a decorator that allows deployed deployed deployed deployed .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the virtual disk property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test handling of db .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a file path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a filter source string of a given source .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  compatibility wrapper for memoized calling compatibility .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available colours .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  waits for the service to return the message .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  query   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a api_version server in the specified type .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set a palette that spawns the palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  add   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if obj has a parent of parent strings .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  show a module from a environment or none .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  null   a
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  does the point have a point after a point in the point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  get all duplicates from the list preserving iterable .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculate which table for all tests using the multigroup table .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  update   null
truth:  if   test

test:  returns true if the given key has at least one .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  list   ports
truth:  collect   ports

test:  inner covariance matrix .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve gecos information and user info cli example: .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   process
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  context   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this creates an keyboard role for the twitter keyboard role .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  skill provisions controller - needed when method is present .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  commit the given hash using the given package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  return   null
truth:  short   get

test:  yield all supported summary supported summary .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  packs   null
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  calculate the memory index of indices in the list of memory indices .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  null   memory
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a prototype for osr construction .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   routines
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  run the tests .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for the given instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  internal helper for the default arguments .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  infer   null
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport port on the trunk server .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  validate and parse an argument string .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns true if path is within a child element .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate gexf gexf for g in graph g .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   lines

test:  write pareto source file from the current machine .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates the given entropy of the given sequence .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a html object with the host error -- an array of detail ports data .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  error   msg
truth:  process   process

test:  run until a loop is valid .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  make   a
truth:  call   call

test:  run a given command on completion .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  compares   tests
truth:  runs   runs

test:  deletes a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  migrate the source for declaring the command passed to the destination .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of users on the source .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse and normalize request content type and return a tuple with the cmc key .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  this function checks that a set of bsgs matrices is a base base bsgs to see if its bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given 'wrap' .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  view   details
truth:  display   display

test:  decorator to check the specified policy has the version: .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that exceptions .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  extract sentences from a string .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  string   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  ensure that all are safe to be created for references between there and _compiler representations representations parsing .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  list   checks
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse a uri uri into a sequence of gcs tuples .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a instanceactionapi string representing the first disconnecting of p .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  a decorator that allows a single command to be executed .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse stack containing two room .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing fulltext sentences .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if the specified service is available on the minion .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of successive productions .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  passed   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  encode a short string to bytes .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  sets a correctly such that it can be safely safely safely be safely as json .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  value   null
truth:  is   null

test:  run pylint widget test .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   checks
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  like unquote() .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  null   text
truth:  null   null

test:  combine two elements in an input array so that they can sort of arrays .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  perform   a

test:  convert a hex hex hex color to a numpy .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  takes   rgb
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  encodes a qpixmap of 2-element notification/nch to disk .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  iterator   polar
truth:  breaks   up

test:  a helper function that returns a country level of a number .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  check roundtrip for fif files .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  reading   services
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  recursively find a given root packages .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks common common common common common common common common common service .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  deprecated   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count for the media title .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  a decorator that skips a test if caching doesnt exist .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  to   call
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the adapter adapter needed to large large .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  determine if server is configured to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  if   null
truth:  display   display

test:  checks if p is a /proc/net/tcp basis .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a function that has a db-api cached query attached as "new_query" .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  queries   matching
truth:  decorate   a

test:  set the eggs eggs for their entities .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  return   return
truth:  computes   null

test:  splits a simple content type into two sub lists .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  split   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  features should tags extract the tags from the scenario .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  having   a

test:  confirm that the email token should be changed .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  break   access
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes html entities from the page string .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  remove   replace
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  determines if a type is a category field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  short   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a template string from a list of parameters .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  parse   arguments
truth:  command   command

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return comparison in ang(1) form .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test that tokenize a bad record on a line .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get vector3 vertexes from a vector3 point .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations in facts format args: facts : existing facts dict updated with the generated facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated keys .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   expand
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encode a string as bytes .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encoding   unicode
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file name .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  get   a

test:  simple command-line program for bot .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  runs   threshold
truth:  string   string

test:  decode an ascii-only flag string from the fvwi encoding .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  with same arguments as find_pure_symbol .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  if   test
truth:  result   result

test:  return the exploration ids that is used to add/edit .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test some __init__ class .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   use
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  if the pandas cache of all pairs are satisfied .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  mark   mark

test:  ensures a response is a properly registered for links .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  get a resource chart using the api endpoint .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the named timezone name from the displaying file .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  clones master of repo_url .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  sanitize   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  used to access a newest file from the polynomial .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  display   verifies
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-corona of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a trace to the queue .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a package .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   null
truth:  using   test

test:  returns an integer with a native string .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change a users gecos information cli example: .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  generate a list of names for a given sqlalchemy model .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  cd input reference to vbd and return the old reference .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  create   create

test:  checks to make sure the error is valid .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a description string and returns a python object .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary and a single header and converts it to a dictionary .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  returns   key
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the tikteck lights .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts the condition does not throw an error .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  simulates   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  change the default driven driven music .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   change
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse a string .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   format
truth:  stack   stack

test:  internal function for creating and backup it .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  walk through the source files and files which are assigned to their files .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   test

test:  deletes a job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  slices slices so that it do not create a slice comments .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print the road manor stats stats stats estate : none the name of the target estate .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  extract items from album album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  returns   counts
truth:  return   number

test:  return the current interface cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  normalizes a number to a string .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  to   helper

test:  create a default keytab cli example: .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a n-queens group of all symmetric group .
truth: return base . 
test:  get   a
truth:  base   base

test:  build a environment dictionary .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  generate a buy buy instance .
truth: custom view . 
test:  return   python
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  helper function for creating a dictionary of command-line information .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  formats   slashes
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  return a list of string .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate numpy object .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  get   obj
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an event .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return unicode unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific legacy table tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of p and q .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove refct pairs from bb .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple with versioninfo and return it .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  start   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  return the base directory path .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  get   ipython

test:  return a generator which were enabled .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  filter   string
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a user to a tenant on a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  a custom demo for testing that are not supported .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  finds   exit
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true when provided address belongs to prefix/plen .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is newer than sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  flush the idmapper cache .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  rotate   log
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return a list of distributions from distances .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  return   values
truth:  chooses   a

test:  returns the ith degree of a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  print a list of timeseries .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  list   null
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that value is a mapping of the mapping are the same .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validates   validation
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns current numeric timezone object .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   os

test:  echo calls to functions and methods in a certain manner .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  export   decorate
truth:  change   change

test:  create a new set of slices .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  decoding   folder
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  content   content

test:  alternate shell gcode a gcode file or text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  calls the given url for xblock .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  null   method
truth:  url   url

test:  add the given billed to the rectangle .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  to   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  builds a list of format acl plus one of the acl fields .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the load module if it does not exist .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   attempt
truth:  exploit   import

test:  return labels for ignorable labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  performs   get
truth:  github   github

test:  fix on all of every element of a doctype .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  loads   timeline
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  decorator to make sure the user gets the correct backends .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns list of sample ids sorted by mapping file into a mapping file .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  returns true if target is available .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  uses   exists
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve metric by name from available on this module .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  return   metric
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a random string fields for the given factory .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  be   null

test:  returns average norm .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  register a mimetypehandler class with the given name .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   a
truth:  store   handler

test:  converts an integer to a localizable datetime .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  sort   numbers
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a repository lval .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  args: cookie : dictionary returns: swift .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ubuntu the module release .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that a string is a str .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  ensure   bytes
truth:  if   null

test:  test extract_array utility function .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  github   null
truth:  test   test

test:  ips to an arbitrary command and merge arguments using a remote app .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  remote   new
truth:  return   arguments

test:  this returns an anonymous extension of the request .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  filter   tests
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme that may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to check a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a phone significant number .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  creates a csr request matches a csr .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  certificate   null
truth:  does   null

test:  return a list of tuples for the given docstring .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  gets a list of child nodes from the given string .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  like   like

test:  this pads pads to do a such that do not yet exist or do sentence .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute gaussian spline counts for each node of its q .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends a login login request to the given parameters .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  null   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  assign an array-like to the notify notify .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   current
truth:  null   method

test:  return crange instance of n .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  generate   version
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show a power-cycle with a parent of the given expressions .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  get   null
truth:  show   a

test:  this validates validates a list of strings .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  if   list
truth:  null   validator

test:  determine the running services for a pain .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  mimic spectrum with the covariance covariance matrix parameters lags : int the ols variance .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   url
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load cached files in the given directory .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  configured   load
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data elements into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the string with nulls removed .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  string   a
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the arguments to be used via rpc .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds headers to the response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  shuffle a numpy array .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  use   use

test:  enables a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enables   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a horizontal matrix of diagonal operations .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a fake volume volume object .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  provides   arguments
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the osquery that are on the provider .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   sql
truth:  time   time

test:  validate that given string is valid and validate it .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate over a des format .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  decodes the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load only on minions that have the win_snmp module .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return a queryset of a binary random numbers .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts a cubic that converts a cubic to a cubic .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a named tuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  parse the key into symbol .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  disconnect a service instance .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  close   version
truth:  function   function

test:  clones a vm from a linode .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  helper function to load a flash message on the next page .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this is the given layout for various api requests .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  patch   backup
truth:  like   like

test:  sort an entity using a given nucleotide .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  inspect   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  returns the given string with ampersands and readily values .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  works   dumps
truth:  output   output

test:  create an instances with the given instances of gce ports .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test updating the meta metadata from a deactivated file .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  if   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  collect httpconnection .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  create   notify
truth:  return   return

test:  activate the configuration file .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  return   lineagenames
truth:  null   section

test:  returns a list of indices that have non-printable letters as one of the same line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  prints usage information on an open line .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  print   print

test:  load a possible tree tree .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  read   load
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create the hcluster features on the given features .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  is   remove
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release the next available chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  null   a
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  trigger   move
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops cassandra .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stop   zookeeper
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  return the cache of bcolzdailybarwriter for the requested settings .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  doesnt have to be run .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  context   array
truth:  null   null

test:  quote a string and return a c{newpath} of the string .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  quotes   a
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract a version from a folder .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete an image by setting or given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   images
truth:  specified   delete

test:  return true if idle is available .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  return   return

test:  run one or more interval instances .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parses the response headers and returns a tuple of either a pair .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   status

test:  sends an api request and acts .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   items
truth:  filter   items

test:  retrieve an configuration class by name .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  escape a value for use in javascript .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  device if the given device is watch .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  null   connections
truth:  install   install

test:  makes sure that full text is therefore .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  gets   parameters
truth:  if   test

test:  create a display for a test model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that the mount root directory exists .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  provided   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of courseenrollment model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  create a backup object .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate an reference(s): keys for testing and return an md5 key for the hash with the given hash directory .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  read   a
truth:  generate   salt

test:  very very browser .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  suspend   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the contents of a block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filters   whitespace
truth:  filter   filter

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the fake project that is created from the tests .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:gpl .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the value is a string that should be correct .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test that a tax package with a tax package and children of listing variables .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  unregisters the log for any state and return true if any tests are none .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  function   back
truth:  function   function

test:  for the local temp directory .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in degrees to size in degrees for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  determine the layer from the layer .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  removes whitespace from a string with a regular expression .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  determine if the given path is a valid compilable distribution .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  generate   version
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  add an entry to the output file .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   handler
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  main at the fasta path of primer .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  function   truncate
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter command and identifier .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a list of genres for use in a list of genres .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a function that wraps the current permission in use .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  support   multiple

test:  do the lineedit must be updated .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  run   run

test:  write the file-like array to a file .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  convert   markdown
truth:  write   a

test:  add a display .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  this function converts a cubic string to a nicer name .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  have   convert
truth:  implements   implements

test:  a wrapper around yaml .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  is   null
truth:  used   callback

test:  get harris points in chunk chunk of harris .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   corners

test:  given a 2: .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is devisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the path of a pathname .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  retrieve the name of the process used for the process .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  returns   process
truth:  process   process

test:  load an attribute from the module name .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  build   a
truth:  get   get

test:  split a path into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an instance of a url .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  url   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code that handles - stored on the given stored in the -- are defined .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  validate   input
truth:  function   function

test:  link to the link we can construct a link from the nodes as a link to the nodes .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  return   link
truth:  make   a

test:  return the laplacian laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove either a suffix or string .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the condition of a numpy array .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  null   find
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a stack trace obtained by exit .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the application platform .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the service type .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  detach the bcache device if no device was built .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   cache
truth:  attach   a

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  work   checks
truth:  load   load

test:  convert text into a dns rdata object .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a fragment of a panes file .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  update a project conditional on a project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on windows where the dism module is windows .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   work
truth:  works   works

test:  runs a command in a subshell and return its output .
truth: run a command . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  run   a

test:  check if a string is a list of dicts .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   standard

test:  test that exclusive .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  used   a
truth:  make   null

test:  builds a list of unique libraries with this library .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  string   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict of available images cli example: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   details

test:  makes a method method from an api method .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  function   null
truth:  provides   a

test:  convert a long integer into a string .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   a

test:  to load the provided files in the provided directory .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns a string raises an error if it exists .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the resource path from the iam resource path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   null

test:  delete an user .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  parses a single form form for a urllib2 .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   bytes
truth:  parse   parse

test:  processes a file to the mindtouch .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  returns   implements
truth:  compute   compute

test:  open a branch instance for a given url .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  null   urls
truth:  opens   null

test:  recursively convert a flat dict of files into a list of filenames .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return a 3d neighbor kernel matrix to p in linear time .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the latest libvirt object out of the given user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  queries   queries

test:  returns a boolean if the given path is a egg path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the shortcut associated with its keystr keystr .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return the next available timezone instance from the zone .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  null   home
truth:  view   view

test:  generate the parameters for an array of linear samples .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   implementation

test:  generate a random password generator that is suitable for use in javascript .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   interface
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   string
truth:  function   function

test:  test that you cant add a file to the proper flat tp .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate a numeric binary file .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  converts a string in a base into a base class .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  string   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate a sequence of sequences that are close to be the same .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  load   zfs
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns yaml representation of databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   server
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  set   get
truth:  patch   patch

test:  loads multiple friendly window into a set of friendly expressions .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  moving   compute

test:  create an in-memory dict of extra classes .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  check that new bazaar clone .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  remove   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  dumps the supplied snapshot to a file .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  sets   content
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  saves registration code for a new registration code with a parameters: registration .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  save   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a batch of arrays to a batch .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  flatten   implementation
truth:  turn   a

test:  this is a helper function that wraps the request to provide a response .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  null   call
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone an account .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  null   signs
truth:  null   milestone

test:  only load if the locale module is available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  check   work
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  validates the iterables to validity .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  do   checks
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a service by host its on and binary it listens to .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that converts a stream of location into another pipe .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  output   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the basic system bindings if it doesnt exist yet .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  return   bindings
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  test   core
truth:  load   core

test:  policy configuration formatted as satisfied .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  replace   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  creates   quota
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if we attack attack .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  extract the kind attribute for the given entity .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore warnings for the specified object or category .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  indentation   object
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  get the secret token for a given secret .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  return   access
truth:  null   a

test:  loads custom resource .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   configuration
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export a single bench .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number of the given version string .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read a string table table for a given xml .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   in

test:  gets information about the datastore .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  get   parameters
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that id is docker .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  validates   configurations
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that value is an error .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validates   string
truth:  validate   validate

test:  select an attribute from a component .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  return a list of the ip addresses that are on the provider .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  return   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  check if a command exists on the system .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  similar to .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  require   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login ip of the current machine .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns boolean if the filepath is a votable file and the stderr .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  null   rate
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a single test function in a mapper .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieves a friendly plugin based on the :class:analysis .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  change   return
truth:  null   a

test:  format a quote username and these it can be html with a different username .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  content   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  non-blocking version of timestamps around timestamps frames .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parses the auth entries from a docker entries .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  function   parse
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield all the possible files and yield for the given path .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  file   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  respond with an email bulk registration registrations :return: serialized registration :rtype: dict :raises: :raises: .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  provides   checks
truth:  look   null

test:  given a 3d swift symbol and a list of integer args .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  print all the information about the given numafiles node .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test mne min_dist from a on-disk file .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  logarithmic   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  parse a block scalar scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  indentation   a
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial division of f and p .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  tests the effect of a bug that uses the alternate bar to manipulate the alternate bar to being created on a taskset .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write an html scene scene file and returns a base64 version of the data suitable for the given byte scene scene str .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   html

test:  generate the scripts scripts name of the aws dependency .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  compute input length of a convolution operation this function compute the output size of a convolution operation operation .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   function
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  parse a cookie header string to an iterable of cookie header .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parse   lists
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a given array-like is a paypal name .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  checks that all the plugin are valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from cartesian to polar pol .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  like   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check spherical components against spherical components of spherical representation of spherical units as ids .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  cache   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  install and saves multiple keyword arguments using the user .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  guess   manager
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the block of the given course is available .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test if the argument is an instance of the argument .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  if   example
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently active language its a translation object .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests the topic always deletes a same as well as well .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  asserts   implementation
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run all tests in the previously-obtained .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  doctest   runs
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if a loop is intersecting inside the channel .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  used   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  used   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  a human-readable tree .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over a file descriptors in a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the file mode of a file .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  file   get
truth:  null   null

test:  set the global callback parameter .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  add   add
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get the valid key for the given key name .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the output .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  create a hash from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of document links .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   show
truth:  list   list

test:  converts a dictionary to a set of parameters matching : dictionary .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  function   lists
truth:  converts   a

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   workers
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate a resource file and compile it with the specified target .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   resource

test:  write a specific returner data .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  email   email

test:  generate all aliases .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generates   parsing
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup z-wave sensors .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   need
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compute the first batched_dot of the passed array .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  given   distribution
truth:  compute   compute

test:  deletes the specified basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  null   test
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return the content of a musicbrainz music music .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the pipeline on current user .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   current
truth:  set   a

test:  get releases with an releases with the given id .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   stackedblocks
truth:  search   search

test:  return a correctly for the first digitsrep .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  to   null
truth:  list   list

test:  get a network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  count elements of a set of slices .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  iterator   class
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the unicode representation of a python object .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   return
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the given action is running .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes a unicode string to utf-8 if not already encoded .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  utf-8   unicode
truth:  to   encode

test:  format a list of with the loaded argument .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  format   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  prepares a backend for a page of http error code .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  get   login
truth:  requests   requests

test:  convert a list of corpus into a single sentence .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  bind the model to a lineedit class .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  thin patches for sphinx to export .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   export
truth:  git   git

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  uploads   msg
truth:  upload   a

test:  simple logging wrapper around http response .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  object   null
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  returns a user id for a given user id or uid if anonymous .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  read   return
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a new shell to the given shell .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  null   a
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create the given directory if it does not already exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the configured image backends .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  point   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  add some floatx elements to a list of wrapped methods .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  update   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the next character .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  extract host info from requests list .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  select an element selector .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert images to sequenceexample .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensures that the user is deleted .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  subclasses with a sparse matrix .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  create a 2d tensor from a dask .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get the entire hypertext of a name from the hypertext file .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   statistics
truth:  get   get

test:  logs a new logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   custom
truth:  initialize   null

test:  turns into a list of message and option value .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  format   manager
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  returns the name of the prefix .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a generator of the elements of a given locale .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  use   nltks

test:  create a temporary file with the specified prefix .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  copy the contents of one file to another in the output .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  null   a

test:  rangename returns a list of requested elements of the string .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  null   template
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator that enables indexing indexing before be present .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  func   checks
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_text .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  appends the text that is an html fragment .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  link   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get the current time of the server cli example: .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  creates a dictionary of metadata for the history metadata .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the subtitle path for the given video path .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  removes a string with a given word removed .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  pops   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  clear the directory key to cache its contents .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   directory

test:  evaluate an alloc only to a group that behaves the lang-specific .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  set   args
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function to check if the python file has the 2 .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   custom
truth:  parse   multi

test:  stop the windows system .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  null   run
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  find all xml elements via xpath .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   return
truth:  find   a

test:  handle submitting submitting .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  returns   custom
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure the image is present in the available images .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   image

test:  wrapper for the relative path to the configured wsgi server .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  resolve   null

test:  filers two elements of 2-element tuples and returns the result .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories from a source file .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  read   find
truth:  find   find

test:  helper function for transforming r = sum{_p}sum{_k} .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the folders that spawns a temporary directory .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator to indicate that a function always be run as a refresher function .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  render the javascript map for each rule in the javascript file .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  gets   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  validates locale for use in http locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  make   null

test:  check that x occurs occurs in the parent list of den and over those and over those that are those as sha1> .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  if   prompt
truth:  convert   convert

test:  platform platform into posify .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  if   a
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  retrieve the identity attribute of the supplied user .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda package to be uninstalled .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  turns off the specified task .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  grab   restart
truth:  run   run

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension name .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check whether git and/or and_expression is a git space .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  raise   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check that some gcrs distance provides multiple frames .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  check   class
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  generate   shows
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a abs class .
truth: like @property . 
test:  generate   compute
truth:  like   like

test:  standard vote vote on a thread .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the chordal cycle of p .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  deletes the cookies of a cookie .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   cookies
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  block   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  will be called by the s3 urls to get online online .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  runs   op

test:  obtain uptime from show show show version information .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  string   string
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  retrieve a server by name or id .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  open the lineage lineage .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes and serialize an object using the given disc and serialize it .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  extract a zip zip zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  profile   volume
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure the lvs command name the name of the overlay to remove .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  parse the mapping file .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   parser
truth:  parse   parse

test:  like os .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  set   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return unicode representation of unicode string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  make   null

test:  list vms on this azure account .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   print
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure a dacl is absent with the unique name of the host to remove user : string username of the host .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  test creating a valuation model arguments .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  to   try

test:  assemble a module and return a separate function .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  perform   decorator
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   decodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  see url .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   check
truth:  url   url

test:  test if a view is cleared .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  test   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  get the instance metadata version as a nested nested instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns an immmutable nodeset which is the standard score .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop stray directories .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   history
truth:  drop   directories

test:  unquote -> ~/abc .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  find   undo
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  return lines with comment comment comment in file .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  get the firewall status for an host or list of hosts for a specific vmware host cli example: .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  run   a
truth:  show   status

test:  handle printing of file .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  return   data
truth:  launch   launch

test:  returns command to be installed on reloading .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use aristas to gpu a single thread that are considered to get the number of gpus that was created by a single thread .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to format the pickled metadata file for a given xattr metadata .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a file exists as a directory .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  use of @roles only .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  flattens the :py:class:optiongroup string from a space-separated reference .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  make edges of a source space within a sphere covariance .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  generate   edges
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify reject section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a list of season exceptions that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   checking
truth:  like   like

test:  calculate the constrain logarithmic measure for each action in theorem .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  null   chunks
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a program for the named basename .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   program

test:  call f with standard instead of f .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if the babel language is a valid existing locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  test   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return the generic type for the keys of explicit explicit explicit explicit explicit parameter .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  builds   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching handlers and return all handlers matching prefix .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  matching   converts
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  get   read
truth:  read   read

test:  is it a extension filename .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a template from the distributions or descriptive .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  shows the current version information about the system .
truth: display version info . 
test:  show   prints
truth:  display   version

test:  converts a time instance to a standard integer .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  project an type: project as new wiki documents .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  view   view

test:  transform contours to the protocol of the current vector .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns either the data passed to the data .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return system limit .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  allocate   null

test:  return the completed namespace for a given namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  return   api
truth:  null   api

test:  designed to image by accuracy .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  multiplies   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate the region of the given image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator for running methods that are not already been rewritten .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  get a dictionary of tool tool tool shed tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  converts any exception objects to a response object .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  converts   view
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  converts numpy array to mask .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   a

test:  tuples -> int return a tuples of a substring .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  content   content

test:  parse the given code code and return a specifically-formatted block .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder unifrac from unifrac .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  generate   sample
truth:  null   null

test:  read a fif file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   helper
truth:  read   read

test:  returns string size in text .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  print an error message and exit with the given status code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  print   exit
truth:  error   error

test:  returns all unique divisors of a given set of divisors .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  generate   shapes
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the platform-specific setting of the rrc822 .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  if   a
truth:  searches   searches

test:  compute h for a certain network .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  usage: lx diagnostics .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  shows   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  try to get an inventory from the user and cleanup .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test that sip from a bug behaves behaves from a typo module .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a boolean to indicate the availability of a cuda gpu .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request token to an oauth2 api .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  check if something can be treated as a query .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  if   return
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string into an integer .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test the specific boolean cases .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  akaike information criterion or schwarz criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  returns html unicode string for a markdown validation .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  convert   markdown
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attempts to add a message to the warning using the warning app .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  this decorator wraps a method to catch any exceptions that may contain a single iteration .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  parameters kernel for parallel based on a tensor .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  retrieve   dict
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete a server from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return nvram information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   certificates
truth:  return   return

test:  display the reconstruction of the given model .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  print   print
truth:  show   show

test:  adds a string to the error codes .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   a
truth:  error   error

test:  replace a specific search string with a specific search name cli example: .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  used to rooms a socketio instance .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns qr decomposition of qr noon .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns a list containing the first legen values for a shaded error in x .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  for a django boolean icon if we want to selects a django field .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   html

test:  returns the mac address on unix timestamp .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  generate   mac

test:  return a list of sysv services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  rewrite   helper
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a python string to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a directory using test/resources/com/google/cloud/bigtable/grpc/scanner/v2/ .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  docstring   approximation
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches albuminfo objects and returns an iterator over a albuminfo of albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns the array like content key .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  get   check
truth:  function   function

test:  demo -> key .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  null   output
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  decode a whole task task body into unicode objects .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  post   post

test:  return a list of triggers to an expression .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  if   move
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes a string using xml/queries .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  resumes to set default_letter_head_content to open in a list of commits .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  pick   adjust
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate git packages and return package names .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generate   strip
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  loads a matplotlib backend .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  show   show
truth:  to   helper

test:  an error message handler .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  to   helper

test:  creates a list of pairs as a dictionary of characters .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  set up stats to use for processes to make it available to subgraph .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   up

test:  make a simple application that can run .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  parse out the event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parse   back
truth:  given   null

test:  return the cg or zip object .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns list of queues on active queues .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about a server .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   helper
truth:  send   a

test:  change groups to which groups to which groups belongs to modify groups cli example: .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the string with all words that are stored in .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that the specified python is installed cli example: .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  check   runs
truth:  verify   null

test:  access for broadcast with two columns on a very side .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  join   operation

test:  retrieve the data of a datastore path .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a strategy to make unit available on the current configuration .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address and ttl it .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  eliminating eliminating for poll() .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  check   call
truth:  github   github

test:  compare two dictionaries by a two dictionaries .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the keyczar signer object containing the secrets database and the secrets manager instance from the secrets database .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  call   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk of data from a file cli example: .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  configured   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file and return parsed contents .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  parse   read
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return indent length of a board .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  retrieve   indent
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the overridden date enabled for a course .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks to make sure mapping file same length as duplicates and barcodes are same .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  does   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to make sure the @no_type_check are accessible .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  assign a metaclass in a metaclass compatible fashion .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm sequence of data from file .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   dict
truth:  read   read

test:  encode an md5 file with the given filename and return its attachment .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  read   list
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a django module suite for the provided module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  write the c table to xml .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return true if the site configuration has passed .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  twisted zeros that are correctly in a list of strings .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  converts a string path to a directory path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  string   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if any of the given path matches the given patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  create a application with the specified volume .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write datachars data to a fif file .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  returns none if ckan is none or user .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if a vlan interface exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  just ensure correct corners are blocked at the end of each second date .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  transforms a dict into a nodes that is we can use to serialize nodes .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   name
truth:  print   a

test:  open a repository in a repository .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  create   load
truth:  spawn   a

test:  return the power of p .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  null   fnc
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   transform
truth:  stop   a

test:  convert an action to be converted .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  input   verifies
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  test that custom completion completion works .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the current timezone object .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  return   current
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compares   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add a new post .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   validate
truth:  add   a

test:  destroy a machine by name .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  adds a team to a github repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on a hierarchy of objects .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  saves   update
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run seqret .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  if   process
truth:  return   return

test:  attach a document to an existing revision .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  edit   show
truth:  create   a

test:  get a report list of module list .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the descendents of the given dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable distance variable with distance from distance .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that a column of column is pickle to pickle .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   in
truth:  test   test

test:  create a gpg notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  gets   test
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of all kinds sizes found on the memcache .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  null   change
truth:  cache   cache

test:  verify that a fits file exists .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  check   null
truth:  prints   a

test:  internal workflow operation to get an entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  null   workflow

test:  iterate over the trees in a cdao file .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  breaks   up

test:  remove all keys from the selected database cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  stop   redis
truth:  save   null

test:  allowed_request_methods: markdown code for markdown .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  generates   markdown
truth:  parse   parse

test:  splits a template path into a template .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  function   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  check that orphans does not have been marked as because matroskas are first .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   shows
truth:  ask   null

test:  determines if n is a safe sampling size .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  calculate a hash digest of the hashing for the given type .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  maps   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  create a collection name from a path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  name   path
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a single list of strings from a list of tuples .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  check gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak gain/peak string as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   replaygain
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  generator for recovery .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  context   null
truth:  header   header

test:  deletes the named sysv service from keystone cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  fetches params using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a filter that yields chunks from a uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  get   get
truth:  given   a

test:  sort a list of distributions in a control order .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check a status from a qbytearray .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  check   a
truth:  error   error

test:  convert a list of strings into a list of strings .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  stack   a
truth:  get   words

test:  convert a duration to integer .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  check if a repository is within the repository on the repository .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  detects   null

test:  add a history to the history .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   resource

test:  define a folder .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   checks
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter sets the build for the project .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  registers a python binary target .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  set   library
truth:  define   null

test:  a post-hook for the base class with the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set hidden variables for a module .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  set   modules
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to the address nodes .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  connect   connect

test:  helper to construct a satisfiable sentence from an expression .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  a decorator that skips a single feature from the selector .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  extracts the sound from the list of of arrays .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return the users paginator name .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  null   return
truth:  list   list

test:  load an image from a file system .
truth: open history . 
test:  load   load
truth:  open   history

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  reads the object from the sublime sublime config file and return it .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  call a second plot on or before ticklines .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  get   call
truth:  null   null

test:  only load this module if getfacl is installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  load   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install docker distribution on the local node .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  instructs   install
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the first file path in a filename .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  null   like
truth:  get   get

test:  checks to see if the given minc is not installed .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  write   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to amazon ec2 ec2 ec2 globals :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  creates   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  move a file or directory from the destination .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   source
truth:  file   file

test:  safely remove a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  true if value is a valid string .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the moving smoothed fraction of the given parallel .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  combine   filter
truth:  compute   compute

test:  launches a dialog .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  view   a
truth:  launches   null

test:  test with peak calls .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  settings   null
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap for task local to administrative tasks .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  creates type-specific entity_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type p section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  plot a single image and patch it .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  send a single state from the data and return the data .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  execute   notify
truth:  send   send

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the canonical type for a python name .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  takes a dictionary that has a amqp qualified pattern .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  does   a
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a metaclass with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a dict of valid python data .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  if   replace
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an unique filename for a mission filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a blockmatrices from a string of binary digits .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of the first element .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a uri using a protects logarithm .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  get an item value from a unicode string .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add faces from a square location .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   square
truth:  add   cube

test:  find the total rgb of an array of nodes .
truth: transform x . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  return the requested notification notification notification with the given image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  given   a

test:  home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  clean up a command .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  play   p
truth:  start   a

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  execute a program on seconds .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  block   a
truth:  null   null

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  split a name at the first variable name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   node

test:  elementtree the test filenames from the elements of a file .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the preferred channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns a fullrank rank of a matrix .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  use   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  test that the message twice only one should be shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   test
truth:  show   show

test:  get the name of the file for the given filename .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  creates a list of functions from a list of typed .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  generate   parse
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  ask a filename or a filename to a given file .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait until a volume has been reached .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  if   listening
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience function to create a new pdb stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets daily data for the given request .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  gets   handle
truth:  get   get

test:  add items to each items .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  name   create
truth:  null   null

test:  a little helper function to handle tasks for a task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  add   task
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the posted speed limit for a given server .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a model class by name .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   compare
truth:  checks   checks

test:  the main element of a certain scalar or cover_photo .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  splits   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   qos_specs
truth:  get   get

test:  render the text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  formats   render
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  quote a string as bytes .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   quote

test:  rfc 2822 datetime formatter .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group security group security quotas cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of valid valid exploration ids of the given user .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set up a simple instance using rdbms .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test verifying censure with expected results for moon .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload version of remote .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  reduce   directories
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  gets the google cloud credentials .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  module   changes
truth:  get   credentials

test:  create a service options for a given service .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  exception   build
truth:  sends   a

test:  following diophantine diophantine test for models with single masking layer .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  model   a
truth:  test   test

test:  try to find the current versions of the executable .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  grab   drac

test:  gets the path of given type .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   find
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated boolean as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues the given task for the given course_id .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  install   data
truth:  sends   a

test:  checks if a string is a valid python file object .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  is   return
truth:  if   test

test:  running the "harvest" will run only on configured test .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  uses   uses

test:  add a acoustid structure of a task to the acoustid .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as apikey returns a more recently directory .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  does   null

test:  create a program to create action .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in boot .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to produce a new dataset that can be used in a dataset .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  utility routine to get certificate footer .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  return   data

test:  return a list of data for the given unfinished .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute the flat kernel between x and eigenvalues of a non-negative matrix .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  strips   in
truth:  create   create

test:  looks up an error details .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form through the comments/list .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  check that a valid name matches the given name .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a namespace given a namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  ensure local plotly files are created as json .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a list of valid elements of the desired block .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   functions
truth:  null   method

test:  take a sql map and merge it into a new one .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  take   documentation
truth:  map   map

test:  checks the correct table for the given engine .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  known   replication
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  check for imports in the expression at the given date .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a given file .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call with a timeout; if the timeout of the call doesnt support the function with a timeout; .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  perform a reliability of abundance abundance abundance test on a directory .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  build the test coverage of the coverage .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  generate   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests whether number is a multiple of 4bit places .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  sample   count
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  apply   docstring
truth:  insert   item

test:  update and return the module/package module/package .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  decodes   keys
truth:  required   items

test:  sets an image from the named registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  push   push

test:  parse setup arguments .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  function that will get the actual code of the request .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  for some common attribute that just like a sample section of the tree .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  given   a
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   a

test:  check if the configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  prompts to execute your login .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  transpose all existing text operators and estimation .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  loop   samples
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  edit edit with a particular campaign that has edit to make things .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test channel-picking functionality .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   uuid
truth:  test   test

test:  set up the scenario switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a list of successors in g in g .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  rest controller for hand-drawn maps .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   git
truth:  null   crud

test:  insert a header into a list of squeezing .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   input
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  socket   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  depth first search wrapper for source code .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  return   null
truth:  depth   depth

test:  change the generated data for a given job id cli example: .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  return   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return a list of tuples for all wanna about all wanna objects .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes string to utf-8 and then bytes .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  string   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find the current module of a module .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  given   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   profiling
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find the gcode sources for a given payload .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  clean   input
truth:  input   input

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a location . 
test:  returns   chunks
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits with the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  given a service and an entity .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  null   serialize
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  generate   linker
truth:  linker   linker

test:  expand one or more logical file into a list where each string is a list .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  null   argument

test:  return true if the user is a qurl .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns command and classifier from app_name .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  open   null
truth:  name   name

test:  rheader for standard resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  docstring   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  proxy to see if the theme is available .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the current hello local time .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse lists of described option .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  execute   filters
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  extracts information about the defined instance info .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  set   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from containerbroker before the metadata column was added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforemetadata .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have sent an sent .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  remove   increment
truth:  have   i

test:  return a tuple of words in the form of the string .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  sanitize an open hostname from the form or passes it .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  hostname   call
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules from all modules with name .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  parses a single query string .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator to make sure that a function always returns true .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   use
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  print a given traceback with given traceback .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  format   a
truth:  print   print

test:  initiate students of all students coach .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  displays   view
truth:  manage   null

test:  mangle type type by structure .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  get list of all apps listing .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send a message to hipchat server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  validate mapping file .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  if   n
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plot metrics for a list of metrics .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plots   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get list of students students associated with a user .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  get   course
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a single character in the human readable format into popular objects .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  make   string
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieve a list of files from a given ip .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  format   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a remote execution and only if a watch statement calls it .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generate a random number of bytes .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the hermite interpolation for the first value .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  null   thrift
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  list all of the keys available on this system .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  parse   list
truth:  list   current

test:  creates a query field for the given sqlalchemy query .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  load the given plugin names from the environment .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  generate   a

test:  tokenize a json containing only 0s and tokenize values .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines whether it has only kld_modules to be ignored .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  if   a
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders a form element .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   templates
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating test for pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  retrieve the set of single course enrollment for the given course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get filename from given path or compiled path .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  attempt to turn given data into id .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  null   args

test:  return the path where wed expect to the location in comparing .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  convert   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the vmdk spec spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  all scenarios matching tags are not ignored .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  null   feature

test:  convert special data into a string .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  join   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the path long as a unicode string .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  provides   find
truth:  use   windows

test:  compares two paths and returns the lists of paths to display directories .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get a network based on its the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the cluster .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   reference

test:  make sure a __round__ for a jinja2 level .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  decorator to run all skipped .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  make   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  renders a jinja environment using a jinja2 environment .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   markdown
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts a dictionary of ascii keys into a dictionary of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert an improvement file to a file .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  download   path
truth:  get   path

test:  extract the first word in a string of integers .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  if   move
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   context
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  creates a service object in tests .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  change primary email address .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  displays   send
truth:  change   primary

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  transform the exception into a message .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return the current hardware tense .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  return   module
truth:  provides   null

test:  discover the list of files inside a sorted list of files .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  discover   a
truth:  null   null

test:  plot error band .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get a list of pairs .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve all consistency groups belonging to a generic generic group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  deconstructs or collectionrights a signal to the current buffer .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  block   attempts
truth:  archive   archive

test:  strict for positive integer between positive and return as a floating point number .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  cast   a

test:  returns the list of api calls for the given user .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server from a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  rotate   list
truth:  restore   a

test:  determine a client for a specific backend .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  convenience function for creating npartitions npartitions .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  suspend   dataframe
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns the next messages from the request .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  document   null
truth:  get   get

test:  sends a email to the specified email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  adds a percentage sign (%) infront of each character requirement: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  initialize the module .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  make   classes
truth:  importing   null

test:  gets an enabled login url for the given provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  truncate a numpy array joined fields .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  reverts   multiple
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along given axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise equality .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   current
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() shouldnt print unicode output without a prefix .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether the text needs a valid remote window .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   path
truth:  display   display

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to indicate that the request is a api call to flask backend .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  request   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host local script .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  read   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the integer to a upper exclusive .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  include   table
truth:  return   a

test:  get the bearing .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  expand   checks
truth:  get   get

test:  create a country codes .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the ring of a graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  defines   a

test:  helper function that turns a specified title into a message object .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  place   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  send a message to a recipient recipient .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   in
truth:  add   a

test:  return the first batched_dot of a matrix .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  returns   func
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  download the given invoice file as the invoice .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  construct a bpm instance from a config .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  get   fault
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse multiple commands and return a dictionary .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  split   split

test:  get the state of this package from the list of packages .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  returns   info
truth:  package   package

test:  replaces cpu character .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  convert   change
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  strips the ccx field of a ccx .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  to   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  apply a traditional-style operation to a datetime object .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  generating   a

test:  calculate md5sum of an md5 hash for given file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  make a nxm nxm entry for one of the given numeric type .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate given qos_specs with specified qos specs .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   volume

test:  convert spherical sphere .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  this encodes an object to ascii string for the ascii character .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  strips   string
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register the signals on the page .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  registers   pelican
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse a string .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a cost equation .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   utility
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git repository clone .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  remove   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check gcrs<->cirs transforms for round-tripping .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  check   works
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a "1:22" from a file .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new children with the given parent .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns an error string that encodes to error .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  use a list of web files that will be uploaded to get a page of the given url .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   utility

test:  get the namespaces .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  return   secrets
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  expects a comment to a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  abort   index
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  the root test for the path .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  function   root
truth:  test   test

test:  setup a role .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  install   install

test:  get the value for an action .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  compile   option

test:  get equated output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   login
truth:  get   get

test:  read datetimes from the network and return it as a few network encoded string .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  extract   information

test:  return the vms object .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return absolute path to a resource on the system .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure the decorator exists .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  default   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  match a specific possible match cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  check   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  a decorator that calls a method with a method on the default arguments .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  does an google analytics to the google api .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove files from a list of directories .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  helper to fix fixed records from docker records .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  deletes   args
truth:  to   try

test:  determine if the given power is a power of another disk .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   subitems

test:  decode a string from a base64 string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  decode   a

test:  return community info cli example: .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  tests   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update collections immediately .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  extract   addons+collections
truth:  update   collections

test:  returns true if the given requirement is none .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  function to mimic nibble encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask if operation should proceed; queries .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix trace .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  trace   trace

test:  same as test_url_req_case_mismatch_file_index .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns key based on _make_decreasing_ohlc and key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  check if a loop is valid .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  make   validates
truth:  if   check

test:  remove a remote instance .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  run   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a string in bytes to a long integer .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining date for a start date and a timedelta .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  join   date
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify random activations activations with convolutional activations and softmax activations .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a source file and return a module .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts a dictionary of json data to a json object args: json : dictionary representing the object returns: json returns: json array .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  convert   unicode
truth:  converts   a

test:  library library to python interpreter .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  return   try
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  ensure the container is enabled on the container .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the number of bits that can be 1 .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  specified   get

test:  returns an empty string with multiple acl acl as an old acl acl .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function will compute the symbolic 2d convolution operation on an image of a certain convolution operation .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add two event to a test suite .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test function pickling pickling function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   cube

test:  main entry point .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  point   null
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne info about mne import .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  return the old qt database .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  construct   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a datetime-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns the type of a given type .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  this will check if the response is a valid xml response .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  parse   parse

test:  process the application and return the aparc+aseg if it does not exist .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  temperature   attempts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  calculate a list of symbol instances into their symbol .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  cache a simple api call to cache its dependencies .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  null   get
truth:  caching   null

test:  create a new sharing of a control rotated .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   run
truth:  create   a

test:  return a class suitable for use in testing .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the exponentent bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  recursively traverse the given pattern and return all its globfind .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line option .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   line
truth:  null   null

test:  add an empty image to the list of images .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  add   back
truth:  adds   null

test:  should i return true if path should be correct or not .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  inform   null

test:  returns the tag property for the provided db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   db
truth:  db   db

test:  test that you can take a string as a list of data .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   mpl
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased version used to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns a list of all the correct positive matrix .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   legacy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts spherical data to cartesian coordinates .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if the given object has a valid field .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a toplevel widget on the given title .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   none
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the demo sensors .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the in-db units with changed units and that the on-disk on-disk are marked as changed .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a new compiler instance for the given compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  move users from subscription to the database .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  move   move
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  loads a host and return the associated host .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test dpsswavelet with expanding mean .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   warnings
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all gradients .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  reads all the relation configuration from config .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  read   read

test:  ensure that system system on old inheritance .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  returns   system
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns if we can return the registry cache directory .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  update remotes on all existing package .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  update   site
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns expired sessions sessions as expired .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  get   parameters
truth:  list   list

test:  make sure that all tests have been rewritten .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split a packet into two packet .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  internal helper function for computing nodes of a single variable .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  solve   equation

test:  remove headers from response headers .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  helper function to get the net function .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  null   get
truth:  simulate   a

test:  determines the current branch .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the profile model instance .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check a default logging module for easily easily simply logs .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  control   test
truth:  logging   logging

test:  periodogram for a periodogram .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  compute   attempt
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dumps usage information to a given directory .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  read   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  decorator to add a message to a topic .
truth: hold election . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  hold   hold

test:  should work in python .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the system cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  clear   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  assert   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute the indices of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the number of subtasks to be the number of subtasks times the file .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  get   return
truth:  determines   number

test:  retrieve backend messages from media_list_player and send it to sys .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  a decorator that returns a method that requires detail already authorized to be used .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   null

test:  change the source into the from_file dictionary .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  given a user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  matches   a
truth:  get   get

test:  stop pending gradient and return all variables .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  stop   softplus
truth:  returns   variables

test:  retrieve all db ips associated with a given db .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  common wrapper to checks if creating a common file .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the maximum distance that can be distance between any pairwise .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the rank of a single array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  return   return
truth:  take   a

test:  set salt config options .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  helper method to add an array of arrays to an array of small slices .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   shape
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  given a string and a list of warning .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  return   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  add a page to the title checker .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  invalidate   store
truth:  if   check

test:  list all of the specified host cli example: .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  return   return
truth:  defined   list

test:  converts a color triple into a color triple .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  convert   integer
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorate methods with this only be run .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  checks that username exists .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   validation
truth:  is   null

test:  disconnect all prime numbers for two arrays .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   product
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  filter   returns
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  shows a version representation of a deprecated .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post sensitive used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  return float containing multiple no prefix .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   integer
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the named uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns current date .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   date
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a penn tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the cors cors from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if tags were deleted and returns {deleted: false} if tags were not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  add teardrop points to prefix .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  process   login
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  registers all widgets that are affected to the given widget .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  widget   classes
truth:  register   register

test:  check that goto must be based on normal definition .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  registers the given field on the remote server .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  set   cookie
truth:  sets   sets

test:  render a template into a template string .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   render

test:  convert x to an object .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  to   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  validate a tool tools from a string .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  add   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the json api document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  upload a summary of .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  call   data
truth:  upload   executive

test:  the legacy legacy filenames for a file .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  generate   locatefilename
truth:  unzip   null

test:  a mock implementation of data .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  return   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verify that an exception should be added to the unused .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  to   null

test:  checks if the given api version is available .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  delete a workflow that matches specific deleted .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  make   func
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical locator with default parameters .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  test   plugin
truth:  log   log

test:  return a dw matrices graph based on the outputs of the outputs .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return an snmp scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  write the list of responses to the system .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  generate   list
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get vector3 vertexes from the radius .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   triangle

test:  return an icon for the named container .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  synonym = a sequence of numbers .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   assume
truth:  null   synonym

test:  print a list of dns entries associated with the given domain .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   current

test:  creates a get messages from a given report .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests that we can load a contractive network and train it for a few network .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  internal function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if python-etcd exists on the system .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a gecos gecos field cli example: .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the qos scanner .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  set   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  validate the provided password .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  if   null
truth:  insures   null

test:  if no errors is currently being open .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  lock   compile
truth:  null   program

test:  return a list of country time time available in the given timezones .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the absolute path of a jid .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that timeit is timeit correctly .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  test   wether

test:  unpack unpack points into hexadecimal points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   wrap
truth:  encodes   a

test:  delete the named job cli example: .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  delete   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create new child .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns sdist .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   =
truth:  build   sdists

test:  retrieve all attachment records .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the cumulative density function .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  returns   =
truth:  function   function

test:  get shared document for given doctype .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   type
truth:  list   list

test:  removes elements from a file .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  clear   strips
truth:  clean   up

test:  make an array with a sdk that matches the given type .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  build   a

test:  when forwarding forwarding page is loaded .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   page

test:  copy f from f to a list .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  marks   return
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator that automatically allow processor to be logged in nopython mode .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for virt only .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  run   virt
truth:  default   default

test:  find all variables in a template .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  returns   authentication
truth:  return   a

test:  create the sample size of the passed data .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  move   move

test:  power of the matrix of a dense range of a specific range .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  compute   variables

test:  check that something ways does not contain a reference .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   null
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of available keypair cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator for benchmarks that do not change the function .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject custom commands commands to database .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  null   command
truth:  called   null

test:  given a sequence of dicts .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the first commonfooter instance .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy the given document to another inline .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  files   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  test that dictionnary map is empty .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  passing   text
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  read titles information from a file .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  gets   parse
truth:  read   read

test:  escape a none and escape it .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  wraps   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a kroneckerdelta expression .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns the win32 file spec .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  encode a number in bytes into popular encoding .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user on a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a new cache security group cli example:: salt myminion description .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract specialization signature as a dictionary of specialization .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to deploying the site a site time to configure custom headers .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  loads data from file and return each string of keystone pairs .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  load   config
truth:  loads   mr

test:  compute the similarity similarity between two points .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  implements   implements

test:  helper to create a timestamp in a range header .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the default devname variable for the specified indentation cli example: .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get all metrics in the section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a varint value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for test data .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  to   callback

test:  returns a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build the navigation navigation params for a validations validations .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade specified package check whether or not to a full package via "show cli example: .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  upgrade   a
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  clean up a filename and remove the given filename .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  url   url

test:  add a box with a margin and the margin .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  add   function
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast a remote method to a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  check whether expected and mask are the same .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   smbios_tables
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns a pid of a process with name .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validate an error if the supplied interface is present .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   command
truth:  input   input

test:  load only on minions that have the win_snmp module .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  find headers by name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  look   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  replace macros with its input tree with respect to simplify .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  add   replace
truth:  simplify   a

test:  implement text to make a gui .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  source   text
truth:  text   text

test:  take a vif .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor algorithm uses euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  bulk message to bulk messages .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  threshold   request
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate the power of a positive power .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  if   check

test:  run the given callables one after the other .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  function   a
truth:  run   run

test:  bins qual stats out of anonymous and timeouts .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  bins   bins

test:  finds and returns the first biggest instance .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  registers a license license .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the worker .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  use   install
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compare two precision lists into one big version .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns an arbitrary string with the iterable returned by the argument .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a form name from a form meta string .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  return   summary
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture that fixture fixture to be fixture using the fixture parameter .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   callback
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks for a given arrays of all finite stable matrices .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  like   like

test:  ensure that the voigt attribute is properly propagated when creating a column in voigt .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  include all consistency groups matching a cluster into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test latitude .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   latitude

test:  parses a schema resource .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  produce   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  register keystoneclient class with given instance class .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  required   email
truth:  null   method

test:  iterates over all indices in a given list of slices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return a sql version of obj .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise the parameters .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  output   response
truth:  config   key

test:  load an object bindings .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  create   a

test:  convert digest to timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  lazy partially for the falling probability distribution .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tests a workflow and ensure its plural .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  given a clsid .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  default   callback
truth:  get   a

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names pattern pattern pattern .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  this will return a flash encryption request for both the application and some cumulative login .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  return   a

test:  stop a kapacitor container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   worker
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle tristate output bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   toggle
truth:  control   control

test:  compute the new featured hash .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  wraps pandas-intelligible attribute with descriptor .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  like   helper
truth:  create   a

test:  updates the value of a file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   path
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a transfer transfer job from amazon s3 .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calls both the response headers and return a dictionary of response headers .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  null   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  flatten -> iterator arguments: iterable : iterable .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  like   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a fake dataset instance .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  create   fixture
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a masks list of words from a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that bad setv does not compile invalid setv .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  this function takes a component or a trace component .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  take   null

test:  compute connectivity for a single recognized its final graph .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   pad
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  registers the plugin plugin .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  register   null
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a data dict that is a standard dict .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests fitness to make sure elements in a genome .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  use   class
truth:  null   class

test:  delete a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  utility method for creating a letters from a reply-to system .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a list of the named function called on the minion cli example: .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  a method to login to the actual login handler .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  marks   item
truth:  log   in

test:  helper function to convert protobuf protobuf to footer .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  search for text by a regular expression .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  search   search
truth:  takes   a

test:  clear the cached conf .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  change   implementation
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the exponential graph of a number .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  return   probability
truth:  returns   graph

test:  adds an argument to the given type .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  arg   arg
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return markup for a single file .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  get   a
truth:  apply   html

test:  load a libzmq libzmq libzmq .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   guess
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display the current database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  display   display
truth:  print   databases

test:  determine whether a particular error is equal to the nearest error .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a group of lines to a <div> file .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  transforms   convert
truth:  text   text

test:  compute the trimmed correlation coefficient for a given variables parameters low : integer number of variables to be shared variable .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a julian into a julian .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  convert   a

test:  sign a blob for use with bytes .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  run   a
truth:  signs   a

test:  this is the tail of the inner code check the given ajax value .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  return a status from the mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a composites return a dictionary of lines .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parse   line
truth:  return   a

test:  removes a report to a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  check if server server is responding .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  make   check
truth:  if   check

test:  writes config .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  config   config
truth:  null   section

test:  given a list of nulls lists .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  null   event

test:  return some test modules which are not test .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  print the string output of the given base .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   output
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level hermite polynomial of the first kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  null   implementation

test:  test creating a custom passdef type .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  see   null
truth:  make   a

test:  updates a specific service cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  if   null
truth:  change   change

test:  update the current namespace map .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  update   null
truth:  change   change

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the instance type of the most appropriate value .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   in
truth:  describe   null

test:  look for instances with old attributes on a dict .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  value   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  store an object in an instances bank file .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  format   return
truth:  store   information

test:  crops distorted box on a markers .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return an email address for use in rfc 2822 .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a mapping containing a package name to be imported .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  json handler for classes .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  given the response type .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   temporary

test:  build an aws output file and setup all stuff for the named environment variables .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  update   environment
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given uri is a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a pointer of the given import using the given number of none-safe .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decode a string using base64 .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  set up the cups sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return shared information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   memory_map
truth:  return   return

test:  builds the display canvas spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieves the configuration for the given pages .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  resets the dirty flag for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  null   a
truth:  resets   a

test:  convert latex constants to our document .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  create   a

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  io   hikvision
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  context manager to catch cwd on path .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  local version of os .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  read   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  simple command-line program for listing a datacenter on a single datastore .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  run   null
truth:  let   null

test:  converts a timestamp into a timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  take   convert
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   set
truth:  update   a

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a datetime .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  non-differentiable coe .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   coefficient
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a process .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert none to an ndarray .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   decorator

test:  called when the content was deleted .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  teardown   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud cloud dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a blob upload upload blob from file .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the repository manifest of a repository manifest file named some_directory .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  internal helper for place and commmit .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  resolve   returns
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return a list of arg from the request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  call the given power method with the given power .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  set   set
truth:  request   power

test:  loads the given user .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a short id and returns a id_3 formatted string .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  existing   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  read the plain text format from a plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  create a glance metadata for the specified volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  add   glance
truth:  update   update

test:  test an ssl client .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  convert an expression to latex form .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   expression

test:  get the free free file system path for a given file .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   instances
truth:  expected   null

test:  test if pants version is available .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the file mode of the file or directory .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  syspath only includes device symlinks on device .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  merges two parsed types where we can merge in a single .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  nested   merge

test:  show a file system info .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  generate   html
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns a tuple of only contains a slugify uniquely if a queryset is none .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  profile   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  strip all additional patterns from the query .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  remove   fill
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the node .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fixture providing a enterprise url for tests .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  view   fixture
truth:  configure   class

test:  returns string with escaped xml entities .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  use   escape
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  extract information from a cookie instance by the cookie api .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  extracts   in
truth:  given   a

test:  for a given python wcs .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  null   a

test:  render a python object with its buffer .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second second overlay overlay overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  find the lowest value of u mod v .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generator to unpack a nested list of strings .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  convert   twitter
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  add   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a string of the number of vat .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   legacy
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the geometric conj between a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new dictionary .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  render a form for a basket variable .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solves a solution with constant coefficients .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test performance of saturation function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  assert   uses
truth:  color   color

test:  an iterator over the objects of response .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   return
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  fast table names for opentype greatest characters .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  save   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  uses the analyze api requests to put a jump_statement content as a response object .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  mock   mock

test:  return a form form of a form instance .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   mode

test:  raises argumenterror if *uri* is not a valid xml file .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  if   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel fail .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  a function that can be used to dummy tests for interactive tests .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  to   function

test:  return the field type given the type code for the possible .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   field

test:  set up general->editor to a small python editor .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  confirm   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the string representation of a static document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  returns   cache
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named grafana password is present .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the plugins of a file .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make http get and return the result as a json string .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  get   return
truth:  put   put

test:  calculates the value of an axis along given axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if a variable is same .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario matches with tags should respond with true when the scenario matches exactly tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  read a sound file into a list of words .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns a multidict of performing the given string .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  string   a
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz4 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  default rooms handler .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  djangos   a
truth:  -   -

test:  returns the first ratings for the given exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  will sort a list of inorder .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  stack   parameters
truth:  returns   a

test:  if user has untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  creates   downloads
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for cinder qos to appear as a dot .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static folder edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  edit   folder
truth:  null   folder

test:  flatten the sequence of combining objects .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  return   handles
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings with an artist-list key and return a dict with a release-group-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the path of an installed device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  require a request context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns all units that are not divisible by units .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  list all projects available web page .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider fw record .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  add   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test that initializing from a predicate with a wrong sample .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a 2d 2d path to a 3d path .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require a package that would be uninstalled .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  require   null
truth:  return   return

test:  runs code for the installed django .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  if   null
truth:  install   django

test:  set the pyglet variable generated by pyglet it to the pyglet server .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  link   a
truth:  set   gl

test:  make sqlite3 identifier and return a valid python string containing the given path name .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  check   check

test:  create a attribute property for deprecated class .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  encode a string using utf-8 .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  encode   unicode
truth:  return   return

test:  setup as a sphinx extension .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  access   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  checks to see if a theano variable has a theano variable .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  if   variable
truth:  check   number

test:  given a list of requested item and a limit .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  usage   usage

test:  observations observations of a 1d book .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  initialize   dist
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  to   versions
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  validate if a string is a color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  validates   s
truth:  return   a

test:  return useful frame .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should extract the whole tables from the step step .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  parse   substitution
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the name of a file without the valid filename in the directory path .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  examine examine examine of the binary number of bits in the binary representation .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  given   binary
truth:  display   n

test:  return a string with all chunks of the string or vim-friendly by a given chunks .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalize a pack version string .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  turn   version
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a full tuple with the same name as :py:func:make_subrequest .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup modbus sensors .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  generate a random okay length .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the pid location of a module .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  return   adjust
truth:  to   try

test:  get the path to the bkroot directory .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  only returns the string from the string .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  solves   crud
truth:  null   manager

test:  insert data into a return the id .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build the url for a base and clean its children .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  release a module-level lock for printing to disk .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   null
truth:  release   release

test:  wrap a response with a "mobile" .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate a network to network .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   project
truth:  associate   a

test:  renders a accordion request .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type si section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  remove the virtual virtualenv from the virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set a parameter in an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   a
truth:  function   function

test:  load an existing file from the given data .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   data

test:  get manifest file from package .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the backend loaded on the backend loaded loaded into the backend .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns the minimum date of the given timedelta object .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  shows cohort discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion topics .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  null   topics
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the yadis elements sorted by priority .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get list of fields assigned to prefetch .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if a custom filename has been changed .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  depends on webutil module .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch an image by either os or flipping id .
truth: grab image . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  grab   image

test:  use the o_vals method of the dpid that would exist in the next log .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce a cluster on the local node .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   traffic
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo the event log .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  capture   restart
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a query to create a query .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns list of column names from file .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   type

test:  calculates the intervals of an array .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  dataframe   nd
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  retrieves a key by name and then handle it .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  maps   a
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  count the number of square-free roots of f in an array of leading items .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  set the current list of "^/athletes//$" .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  produce a colorbar for either themes or proportional spacing .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  given a setting value .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test a quantity representation of the quantity .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check the github service on the periods server .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  make a expected bar from a asset asset .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  given   object
truth:  check   check

test:  to put a new virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  parses a string using the non and returns a unicode string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  helper function converts an absolute path to a file object .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a shared array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  indicates whether a request has a stateconf .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  like   like
truth:  if   null

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  test user can be installed_apps .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  returns   predicate
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that the opts methods are hinted with |root_targets| .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  gets   up
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  this should be overriden in a windowing environment if drawing should be done in interactive python mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  called   checks
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a copy of the dictionary passed to the current environment .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively replace files in the given directory and all files in the given directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip a test if a method is a class .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove leading include of f from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  compute   alternate
truth:  include   include

test:  return list of named variables in *x* .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a low-level byte term in a team way .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of tags that are available for all images .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the arma of the correlation matrix with leading confidence "dim" .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  create dummy dummy apps .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   display
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a slave slave to the ssh server on localhost .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   method

test:  set default specific style connection .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  return   style
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a feature with scenarios should work .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   feature

test:  returns a tree of the dtypes in the tree .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   root

test:  usage: deprecate_module_with_proxy(__name__ of a users field .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  coerce code to a rule .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  prompts   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an layer to a bitmap string .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the first zoneinfo file object .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  return   get
truth:  cache   cache

test:  calculate the loss between a single n-dimensional array .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  calculate   y
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute the itilbert kernel of an input image .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  null   version
truth:  return   inverse

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the the active inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller - used by s3siteautocompletewidget when blog give support filtering to just seeing a rfc 2822 - used for access to just budget_budget_staff substitutions against an l1 .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculates bayesian = a^(1 criterion .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  null   stop
truth:  run   run

test:  create an ndarray that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the path to a directory .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  return   current

test:  check that phone phone is invalid .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   kernel
truth:  test   values

test:  returns the given files of a module .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set new subtitle file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   current
truth:  set   new

test:  read p4 for the current p4 .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  read   s3
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  convert a port number to cpu seconds since cpu chunk .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  create   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  creates a unique class name for the given name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return the module to be deprecated .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  cossim distance is the similarity of two probability probability distribution .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  compute   product
truth:  return   cosine

test:  set up & run a publisher from an input file .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  set   up
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper around os .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled with gmail .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  removes html tags from the input string .
truth: return the text . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the logger for the current thread .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  send emails to users notification email .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  renders   null

test:  decodes the base64 encoded string into an ascii python unsigned "majority .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  to   text
truth:  null   a

test:  verify the keyboard module is running .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  start   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a list of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only obtains values from a dictionary .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  like   representation
truth:  null   word

test:  creates a directory like the given path .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   directories

test:  turns a kegg enzyme file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  convert the coefficient of a and b to a .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  null   time
truth:  return   return

test:  set the learning phase value .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a string according to a time 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dumps a string or object to json .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  object   object

test:  return the job name for use in thus .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  function   function
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a given pattern from a clauses .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create to create a single resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  to   put
truth:  to   post

test:  generate sql hash subclass based on the statements .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  generates shared variables for normal theano configurations .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  provided   returns
truth:  initialize   a

test:  find executable in the executable provided by the list of paths .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a file from a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate memory usage in a system .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  get   memory
truth:  simulate   a

test:  given a querystring .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  transform   a

test:  returns the string representation of a file .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  produce   return
truth:  given   a

test:  set the subprocess subprocess .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  blend the two images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  return   long
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a new blowfish cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a haproxyctl code that ignores the statement and stderr output .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  print   output
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: pathignore publish pathignore test results .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   shell
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a message with open permissions and updates the same options .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  set   debugging
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the environment for the current release .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  config   windows
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  create a single column of a list of arrays with 'output values for get_sum samples .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  null   print
truth:  apply   a

test:  get all the descendants of the parent of the parent .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  given   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a query by an registration table .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  fetches   data
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove a directory from the given directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  turns a decimal into utc decimal instance .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart all logging and restart response with the given request .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  build an answer form for the given source .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read data from a file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  read   a
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  extract imap id from the provided page string .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  list   list

test:  handle the "where should i go next?" part of the user .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  verifies that the roles is admin on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  verifies   context
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the setitem as a column are correct .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  allow   assert
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of data .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   root
truth:  get   names

test:  make sure the given name is loaded correctly .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a rule to the queue .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new maximal edges that contains the resources needed to put in the graph .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric value to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes a single output of the original numbers and returns a string of newline tags .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   temporary
truth:  pack   pack

test:  checks if a git sha is a valid hash .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  convert bytes to a valid size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  null   html
truth:  null   invariant

test:  find plot smaller than one data plot .
truth: table plot . 
test:  is   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a 2-d array of shape with non shape .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this is here to generate subplot credentials from the vbench docs here .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  post   post

test:  helper for simulating .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  display   display

test:  calculates the harmonic range of an array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  to   squares
truth:  sums   elements

test:  returns whether the failed returns true if the smart for the the place category is a letter .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish real-time command .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  sort   union
truth:  to   null

test:  return the md5 hmac sha .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  queries   branch
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a generator that yields all packages in a directory tree .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return whether x is a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  generator to follow the contents of a file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  content   a
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks that the given symlinks is a given file that checks the given symlinks .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  files   files

test:  create a list of attributes of the specified object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  return   func
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a docker container cli example: .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   container
truth:  restart   a

test:  in the default execution .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  return   parallel

test:  generate unique id of the given encryption key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  generates   build
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the versions of a namespace .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  build the inverse barcode map of each map .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   a

test:  given one result from mapbox and a country object .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  takes   one
truth:  given   one

test:  update or add resource dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  search keys for a particular text .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  check   search
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove one or more jobs from a job .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   background

test:  delete a calendar record for the specified calendar .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   commit
truth:  delete   delete

test:  prevent halt via daemontools cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  stop   tenant
truth:  halt   a

test:  changes for stack between epoch and epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  used   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to make sure the default is run before portal .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  servicerecord record view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  allow for a node to be created via the client .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  function   app
truth:  display   display

test:  return a list of dicts of all available receivers codes .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  initializes the diagonal matrix .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  runs   working
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a random string of the requested string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  insert a file into the .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  file   file

test:  returns a completion mode for the given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  get   get

test:  write the diff tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   returns
truth:  write   a

test:  return cgroup mountpoint .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing graph k_n with redirection nodes .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the python encoding type .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build a json array of the provided validation function .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the environment pythonpath for the host .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  linear regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  return   x
truth:  order   order

test:  parses an http date string from a datetime object and returns it .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a recordsensor network .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a versioned versioned id for the resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generates generates the common dataset of image and label examples of a single file .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  generates   batch
truth:  construct   a

test:  casts an index array with all partial words inside a new partial string .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  get the arguments from the user and return arguments .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  return   get
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns a dict of permission_required completion for the specified user .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  render   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  write commands to target .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a value by session and session name .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  constructs and returns a web page .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the first number of the number .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  token   token

test:  get the fast covariance matrix .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  boolean   tree
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and return a invalid value for option of type value .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  test   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  fix the attribute dictionary .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  declare   handler
truth:  converts   payload

test:  convert a dictionary of items into a comma-separated list of packages with the specified revision .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  recursively convert a given pattern to an offset pattern .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  do   null
truth:  search   a

test:  add plugins plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   yaml
truth:  add   a

test:  read curvature resource data from file .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  read   read
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if any of the xml-safe matches the given expression .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  using   filter

test:  return the r2 vector of award! .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  function   return
truth:  is   null

test:  create an principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return true if the given command does not already exist .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  get   app
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create a new table .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a basic name that matches a cookie and 'msvs .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if text is a pkiz token .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  report view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  runs   report
truth:  display   display

test:  given a dictionary where each item in an integer and its index .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  mangle mako loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  null   signal
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  general api takes a video and if it is available .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  reads   server
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function is called by the publish_collection_and_update_user_profiles function .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  initialize   ctrl+c
truth:  null   initializer

test:  in-app in-app type is a valid list of self-paced integers .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  detaches   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a new format .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  returns   new
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse http header and return dict of environment variables .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list installed packages on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line starting from the loop .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that automatically include the doc-building function from the setup .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  null   variant

test:  code due to timed .
truth: helper function . 
test:  null   master
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  collect page names and javascript script into html .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  called   a
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  this function returns a tuple containing completely portion of parameters needed to node-local node-local roughly roughly .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  inverse function for the chi^2 probability distribution .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  check the observations of a observations observations .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check if header is valid .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  set   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  get the instance of the instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  a view decorator that requires a user to do a view .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  require   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  create   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of custom custom table modifying sql statements for all custom models .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  given a status string .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  map   map

test:  get the language path to the django locale directory .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the state modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the icondata to use .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  compute   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias to pickle the local root directory to the local root .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  uses   uses

test:  convert a json node to the corresponding python node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a galaxy integer to a string .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   fits
truth:  convert   a

test:  we only do a realm with a realm for the specified user .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  scrub   f
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  iterates over a python file .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  converts   worksheet
truth:  given   storage

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains iterable .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  trunc converts a datetime .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  return   function
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   a
truth:  package   package

test:  test that normal of data behaves as a harris module with normal .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  if   p
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  set the kwargs flag for the requested request .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   ntp
truth:  set   set

test:  create the parameters to be in the file .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  create   create

test:  register a storage storage instance .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  test task to release a release in a git directory .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  test   scores
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   limit
truth:  limit   limit

test:  encodes a string to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  to   try

test:  a decorator for doctesting callback .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  function   null
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by seconds .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  shutdown a remote system via the rabbitmq-plugins command .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns a charts object with keys specified .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  list versions available for the given function cli example: .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  list renderers and return a list of renderers modules .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  validate a key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  maps   null
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns a list of security id .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time between two tzinfo .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load the correct column diagnostics if available .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  given   null
truth:  url   url

test:  return an adapter adapter script .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a list of all available sizes on the master .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns a base base groups with stride and opattern .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a reference to the proxied context .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  start the users home phone .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  start   notify
truth:  debug   debug

test:  return a string if either none or the given column-oriented attribute on success .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  run   handle
truth:  run   program

test:  step that can be used to make it with a file contents .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  print a diff in the given key .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   prints

test:  loads a module and retrieve it .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   alternative

test:  check that indices of semicolons .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  if   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains iterable .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  if   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  return a boolean value that should be used to named retrive successfully .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config folder for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a intersection of sets that exist in g .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  clean files from the virtual directories .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  pop an image using local histogram .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  add one or more enrollment enrollment to the course enrollment .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  add   multiple
truth:  append   course

test:  table with normal names provided as expected .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  read   check
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use devices to connect to each of the responses .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  add   credentials
truth:  set   set

test:  given a numpy dtype .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  write   a
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  retrieve summary of a summary of a specific file .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   information
truth:  display   a

test:  add units enabled in the given unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  add   get
truth:  to   null

test:  runs pip install state with the same gui as an exception .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  run   a
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements of partially .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get the path of an app .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  find the value of a combinations of k in the given list of k .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return an instance of the global logging .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  trace   null
truth:  init   init

test:  test that tube works .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  cleans   tests
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns a decorator that converts a log-values into a python decorator .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace warning .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  get the __init__ file object for a process .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the first child data node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validate a series of suitable for use in the validity of a series .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  check   check

test:  returns 8-bit 8-bit string of the supplied 8-bit 8-bit value .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  function   a
truth:  string   string

test:  performs a arma correlation matrix with no p-value calculation .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  return the open status code .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  write   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  clears current review review apps .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  convert list of shape into a 2-d integer .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  null   find
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the client id of the given user .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fileobj fileobj .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  print   script
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port callback .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all python modules on this system .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns a sequence of lists with nested lists in fourier .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a contingency matrix for contingency clusters .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  build   a

test:  takes a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index of an element in a sequence .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  if x is a allowed .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  calculates   real
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the url for the given token with the desired access token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the arguments string by positional and return a list .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   a

test:  get the current db ip .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get a group of a defined group as a tuple .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  lx lx plugins .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  print   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves information about the given image and 'image .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   information
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract image from all depth in a list of image files .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  pull out the nth *rules from the given expression .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  result   result

test:  install dependencies and temporarily imports from a qapplication repository .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  check   install
truth:  import   import

test:  sends a local email to a user .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  reports   send
truth:  send   auto

test:  helper function to get version information from u{url} .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the differential equation for x .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check the install additions of the fileserver package additions cli example: .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  modify   ec2
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  compute the spectral solution of a polygon .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper for square-free polynomial in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  updates stats for the given user with the selected log creator .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  save   statistics

test:  differentiate polynomial irreducibility function in gf(p)[x] .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   square
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  negate a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  make   null

test:  test download exit status code when blank requirements specified .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  null   download
truth:  download   download

test:  geometric average mean of the geometric mean between prediction and owner .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  take   null

test:  converts an aware datetime to local time zone .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  if   checks

test:  get an adapter adapter with the correct name .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  boolean   a
truth:  list   list

test:  render a unique ratio of the block .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   a
truth:  creating   null

test:  remove all rst smaller smaller smaller includes stored inside a top-level name .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  duplicate   a
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode a base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   helper
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of unread email addresses found in text .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a normal cache that ignores starting with unhashables results in a regular expression .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  is   null

test:  simple page to learner a learner .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  check   null
truth:  render   render

test:  variant of a skeleton polygon .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  objects   part
truth:  null   vectors

test:  initialize standard pyinstaller feature .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initialize   settings
truth:  initializes   null

test:  get the import entrypoint migration .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  log a elapsed .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  null   log
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  assign forum id to used in meijer field .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  assign   shortcut
truth:  return   return

test:  resets database at the end of each table .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   database
truth:  running   running

test:  resolve an encoding to the given alias .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  stop a sequence of channels .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  initialize   stop
truth:  compose   null

test:  get all api keys available for the given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   information

test:  takes a dict and a dictionary and returns a dictionary with the elements of the values starting with values .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  attempts to debug a message with the request .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  defines inverse of the inverse of epochs .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  compute   apply
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  calculates the coefficient for the input array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize a locale for the current locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   nd
truth:  use   nd

test:  prepare indexing of a large indexer .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if matplotlib installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  function   check
truth:  if   null

test:  assign a metaclass in a metaclass compatible fashion .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write the module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate the given namespace .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the configuration data that matches the specified minion .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns false if x is a effects of numbers .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  integrate a definite integral of two arrays .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compare   a

test:  makes a flask response with a response object .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  given a catalog .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  get   service

test:  converts a utc date to a human readable date .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  removes an attribute from the specified zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  is this a convenient instance .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  open   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the filesystem id for a given profname .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  extract   device
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a pushover user .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  send   a

test:  build the nervanagpu for a named named searching .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like dataframe .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   tixexfileselectbox
truth:  null   null

test:  set the ip address .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  override   a
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised with a single type of ratio .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  insert a list of items into a list of javascript .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  selected   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  control   run
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a magic pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the configurator component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   fault
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  indentation   replaces
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a organizations activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read an iterable of pairs from a file .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the path of the module root .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  truncate a number of w .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove the given file .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown on the given level .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  performs a system operation on the system cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   translation
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of current user sent to build file .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   transform
truth:  strip   a

test:  returns a tuple that may be able to extract the human readable keys at different levels .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  change   null
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send command to exit with console responses and write it to console .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   function
truth:  send   a

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the master .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  download an s3 object to a fif file .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   one
truth:  outputs   one

test:  calculate the variance values for a given vector .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the confusion matrix .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  associate   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific login login method required for the given login .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random 10 uuid .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  generate   a

test:  correction information criterion or schwarz criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of the loglikelihood in the multivariate solution returns the multivariate correction .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   error
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   null

test:  filters the filters - targets - targets - targets version .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  runs   product
truth:  -   -

test:  build a class from a list of attributes .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  build   error
truth:  create   create

test:  setup a function that accepts a docker configuration .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  setup   get
truth:  setup   setup

test:  upload a file to the s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask to a filename .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  max the repository flag .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  set   pivot
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  try to find out the ip address of a given target or list of needed for use with given target if the target ip address cli example: .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using a running backend .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the first word where the server is one of the known integer and should not be followed by one of the list .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  load *plugins output from plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  named   load

test:  test equalization of compatiblity .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  duplicates   test
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  read ssh data from the receive data .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  files   fn
truth:  read   read

test:  decorator to simplify catching drivers raising super if none .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  have   null

test:  test for commutativity of and and without a default .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   version
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing returns a string of positive integers .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  test   call
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verifies that a phone number is present .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  if   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write a bunch of message ports to a file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  checking   a
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  check the given endpoint is mailchimp .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   version

test:  calculates the ellipse matrix with the same shape and y .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  return   null
truth:  draws   null

test:  updates the current users limit to the given user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  require   rate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve all the metadata for a given course_id .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the installed versions of ruby cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a directory parameters dirname : str the name of an iraf file .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  given   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return partition information for grains mounted on this minion cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   network

test:  convert one-hot to one-hot .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  input   input
truth:  create   a

test:  checks if a command exists and is a stored directory .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  creates   scan
truth:  create   a

test:  perform a migration to a body of a file .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  process information about a files by its name .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  read   a
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load drivers from an ssh plugin and return their default location .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture to fixture which returns a table of files that represent the table names .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  list   fixture
truth:  to   fixture

test:  compare assist assist for a python code source .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  null   time
truth:  return   python

test:  this will mark a game of the specified user in the datastore .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  send   use
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  gets equation only .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  like   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if features is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  annotate a list of full datasets in a list of full folders .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if the point is inside the maximum of a point .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  recursively resolve all pairs where each node in the list .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return a template object for a template name .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  to   a
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a dictionary from a key/value pair of key/value pairs .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given a string of dicts .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  port   callback
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the flattened distance between two arrays .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that a query with the correct location .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  to   null
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a double integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  call   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  read ros handshake handshake handshake file .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   in

test:  test out logout .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  make   null
truth:  logout   logout

test:  get a stream at offset and return it .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   python

test:  default data type .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  an xpath type with a restful restful crud argument .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  get http data as a comma separated list .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  return   zip
truth:  is   null

test:  merge two dicts into one .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute contents of a dir and return it as a generator for each folder folder .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  given   a

test:  return a json representation of a python string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a cookiejar from a cookiejar dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  deletes entities entities and time them .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   reboot
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize the console logging .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  set   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  build the provided ipy dictionary of ipython .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  replace all .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  formats   string
truth:  value   value

test:  read a single 'mri' .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a given xml input and returns a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   find
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the value of the model that should be referenced by the admin api .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  runs the functions and its rqt .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return list of paths that are associated with the given user .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test source amplitude can be in a source case .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  test   correlation
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable microsites on the script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller - used by s3optionsfilter .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the shortcut of a template .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return url of the file without the first part of the file .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  if   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  gets authenticated users using colour-code and secret .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  grab   authentication
truth:  gets   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the demo calendar platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of ints and a technique of the last line .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  test the integer using a normal test .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  train a model .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  save   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to wait for a method to be changed .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert stashed to a string .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  extract   null

test:  add an episode to the correct state of the polynomial now .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return urlparsed url for explicit urls .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns basic basic mentions from the process .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  unpack   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate the kernel backoff policy .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  replace   calculate
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  finds plain text in a source of xavier and has_repository_dependencies_only_if_compiling_contained_td .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  format   use
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line option .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   line

test:  build the device name for vispy .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied url to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns elements of an iterator that are sorted by discrete keys in the set of entries in a dictionary .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  parse   string
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the maximum number of a list of cluster: .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of files needed to look at the given folder .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  find the cover metadata for the given page .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has an expiration date in the given expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compile a multi-line expression with rx .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return data to the configured api version cli example: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all of installed directories on the system .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  gets the digit digit digit digit digit .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a float to be used in theano theano .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  like   a
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   args
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compare partitions against baseline .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the stats to total migration .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   disk
truth:  save   migration

test:  add a pipeline to a command .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  null   run
truth:  to   null

test:  get document info .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns true if the file notes notes has been run .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  cleans a set of headers from a given status .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  monkey-patch the nodes and adds nodes to the relevant pairwise .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  return   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send e-mail when a user is published .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  send   send

test:  measure the whole of a single network .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  estimate   test
truth:  measure   measure

test:  wait for a filename to change its errors in the body .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  redirect to a given namespace .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  null   urls

test:  validate an http response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  null   response
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the log of a given range of x .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypts an ssh text using the ssh ssh key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  fixture providing a fakewebtab object from a dot file .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  default inbox inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  sent   messages
truth:  received   messages

test:  returns true/false whether a user has a permission to decrypt its perm .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  if   like
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if a specific cache is available on the system .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns a boolean if the passed backend can be enabled .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  uninstall the task distribution .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  register sample function to be executed upon normal program termination - function to be executed .
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  task add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert two lists of layer3 to sort files .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail with a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   a

test:  test that we can make sure that we can make sure that a tensor is provided .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings coordinate .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts dict with tags in a string .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert text to utf-8 .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  string   string

test:  converts singular value to a different solution .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   dtype
truth:  computes   null

test:  checks if the plugin is present and has been run .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  set   new
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if the specified service is available or not .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  make   check
truth:  to   check

test:  api method called once when a densedesignmatrix has passed in relevant .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  context   context

test:  test checkout of sudo as a path .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  require a evil_member project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  require   foo

test:  set the state of the account .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  gets a list of all files from a list of results .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  landing page for webclient .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   page

test:  redirect to a given redirects .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  index   export
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if filename is a nzb .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check the anchor for a file named task_name this is just a wrapper to check it does not already exist .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   html
truth:  reads   html

test:  check if its a list is a tuple of things .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  bind all strings .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  like   parameters
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the identity nodes of the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  small_stmt : simple_stmt | expr_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  sends a score to update score .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  log   changes
truth:  create   create

test:  get the integer list .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the sequence of for all pairs in inclusive order .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode jose base-64 field .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   jose
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return list of preferred aliases .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  returns an integer that is allowed to render the given plugins .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  n-dimensionally spatial sigmoid function for factor .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the path to the path .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   testing
truth:  set   set

test:  dummy function for doctesting cublas .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  called   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  get instance type by sm id .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if pyvmomi libraries exist .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  if   load
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to return the list of their names the form will be returned in the correct type .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  display   function
truth:  to   function

test:  check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot args: name : the path to check returns: bool: true if the service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around an assignment around a single space around an form .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  return the matrix x .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  print   settings
truth:  return   return

test:  one unit logic .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  make   info
truth:  make   null

test:  connect to amazon machine instances .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test the domain .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  start   test
truth:  runs   a

test:  explicitly import a modules and all its plan_id objects .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  function   python
truth:  null   null

test:  load a data file from the provided url .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  get   authentication
truth:  load   load

test:  quote a sql statement .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  plugin   transform
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all firewall upgrades .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  get   information
truth:  function   function

test:  download a given list of files and return the list of paths that match the given file on the given file .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  return   list
truth:  read   read

test:  transform multiple tuples into one big set .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  apply   key
truth:  named   add

test:  sends email to a recipient task .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  sends   email
truth:  context   context

test:  converts an iterable into a factorize .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a this tag tag to a string .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status for interactive role_permissions .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   status

test:  return the parameters of the t file .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  returns   host
truth:  download   download

test:  does the node represent a tuple as a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  have   checks
truth:  does   null

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  get the unique index .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the flags flags are update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an descriptor .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a suitable file after a given format .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute a hadoop command on a remote host .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  command   command

test:  newton helper function for the newton newton .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   quaternion
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the path to the widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  return   return

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   long
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired manhattan distances between two rows .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculates the t-test for an exponential graph .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   null

test:  test that initializing from a setting with a setting of masked values .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  returns true if the input is a outfile state: .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a string representing the form .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  loads the middle of two labels into a 2-d tensor of labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  return   class
truth:  pads   null

test:  write a summary of generated files .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  print   option
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if a gcode text is a gcode file .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  similar to tornado .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  a custom spam spam spam spam .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  save the repository repository to the global repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  detect   email
truth:  apply   apply

test:  read rois rois and rois within an image into network inputs .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  converts   converts

test:  a simple replacement for the predicate that checks to see if a predicate is present .
truth: like common . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  like   like

test:  execute the command .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the given launch asg .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  do not allow for compatibility with @python_2_unicode_compatible .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  generate   string
truth:  generates   a

test:  table arrays without a column .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  ensure that the unicode flag is converted to the right .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  test   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  create a new pragma cursor from a cursor .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  work   work

test:  page for cookies .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  tests   checks
truth:  null   a

test:  parse options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parse   up
truth:  parses   a

test:  connect a udp email to an existing node .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  add security security note on firebase note that the firebase note used with the firebase .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  convert   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 path from paths .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts text to a native string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a db type .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates an title or a url .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  return   scan
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a dict of strings and a list of strings .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  check if a tenant exists and appears to the tenant .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an image id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends an xml connection to the datastore .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets debugging object informations about a log object emitting the name of the vlc object emitting the message about the vlc module .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parses a network network_id string into a network .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  given   network
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   template_complex
truth:  template   template

test:  prepares a resource type for a resource on a single resource .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  get   resource

test:  attempt to remove a directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize the file .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  converts   path
truth:  normalize   a

test:  get hosts and force hosts and metadata from global raises: .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  host   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  shows   upgrade
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shutdown a running system at_time the system seconds since the epoch .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  send a delete request to the pointer .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if the given esi is a valid esi object .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  view function for returning a access error .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the user model for a given user .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get files recursively which have the file paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   publisher
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if g is a distance regular a distance .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the page rendered by sending it to a lazy graph .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   regex
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  fixed   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls the decorated function .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verify that the gpg for salts file exists .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  return a n-dimensional geometric transform using a given geometric mapping .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  function   compare
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get a key pair .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  rename an existing user .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  decorates an http response .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the etcd service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  adds current handler for bluetooth .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  retrieve info on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  reserve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  determine whitespace of docstrings from last variable of pnode to be created using a dictionary of variable .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  test that you can create the gl backend .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   backend
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a set of random length plus a set of patterns .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  loads all git pillar for the git git and deserializes the custom pillar data .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  test that yields a bucket that resets the test acl after the test test completes .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  returns   fixture
truth:  yields   a

test:  converts a time in seconds since the epoch to seconds since the epoch .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  given a directory .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  iterates   version
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return system per-cpu .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a directory .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  make sure a middleware file is valid .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  make   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process paths by side loop .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  drop   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a dictionary with notifications and any notifications since the notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  load an object given its absolute object name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to use metadata_version instead of the response .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns all datastores available to the user and the users groups .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  lists   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  returns the current utc time .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  elementwise   calls
truth:  get   current

test:  returns true when there is a search vary .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  matches   wrapper
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a template and fires the template .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   context
truth:  renders   null

test:  clear the same as misc .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  check   test
truth:  =   =

test:  return arp-cache sum for given project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  returns   project
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to convert attribute to a list of attribute .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  run pylint on one or more server .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  start   frappe
truth:  run   run

test:  usage: lx history .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  open   null
truth:  display   display

test:  efficiently compute the grade grade params from a student distribution .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   tris

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create a display listeners on a file .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   listeners
truth:  create   listeners

test:  validate the python source file name .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  create   create

test:  test solves lyapunov with discrete lyapunov .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  testing   error
truth:  test   test

test:  check that a precision can be used to check a bit exceeds a time .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that makes apibuilder tests not fail because of intermittent network .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a popen integral from a python file .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   answer
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to get the __init__ file from a filesystem directory .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user to a group .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  wait for the element to be either for the dom or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears accumulated statistics .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  makes the egl after a strictly matrix .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  objects   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  write a bunch of images into a given file .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  in python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  runs a single cluster in a cluster .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  saves   method
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  given a class of the form extractor .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets all fixed ips from the supplied interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  helper function to create an failed model object .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get a connection to the improved .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a percentage sign (%) infront of each character requirement: * asp tested against: * microsoft sql server 2000 .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  warn the siteresources nonexistent targets .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  receive a share service using the appropriate service .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  look for a grep line on success .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  called   null

test:  remove doc root filename .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   replace
truth:  returns   paths

test:  retrieves the grains from the proxied device if not cached one exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets an unused port on localhost and port .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an instance of a dictionary .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  split the filename into .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  splits   path
truth:  get   get

test:  do a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  input a ternary value for use in the config key .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  value   checks
truth:  value   value

test:  helper method for getting resource fields as defined in a dict whose keys are passed .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of valid variables for a source .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  evpn   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  called for the managed instance .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   run
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the requested *locale codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a migration or raise if it does not exist .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  debugging   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  test convergence of different from a positive array with a 2d numpy array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  enforces a api_version key as dictionaries in both dictionaries and a api_version .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  appends sp_password to the end of each sql sql server in its end with random .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  null   add
truth:  complete   null

test:  loads a number .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  null   arrays
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  create an explicit server certificate .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   implementation
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  test that a path is ignored .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  set up a sitemap application .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  creates   favorite
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the user prefix for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the bound *private distribution .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  computes   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the distance between two vectors representing the vectors .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   eol
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  convert a a a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  creates a statentry event for a given event on an event .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  construct   usage
truth:  emit   events

test:  test unicode view for unicode axes .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  test   script
truth:  verify   null

test:  complete xonfig xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  if   string
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   returns
truth:  ask   null

test:  validating own own own database .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  make   redis
truth:  test   test

test:  parses an html port and returns it .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  import and return a module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  import   load
truth:  to   attempt

test:  converts a sparse type to a theano type .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  is   a
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a magic pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  search for a list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  build   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  returns true if p is a algebraic of a number .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return the string contained in templates .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  default   default

test:  remove optional chars from a string .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  get   ipv6
truth:  leading   strip

test:  parse a single user input using ftp login" or dict .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  load   modules
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sets a type of a particular type .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  latex   check
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a list of objects as a dict of key-value pairs .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   filter
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current hub class .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from dotted format to xxx format .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  heavily -> str adds a string to an sql statement .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  generate   text
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a image with a given 1-d number of blocks .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a internal secret file and register it as a trip" .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns true if invalid key can be found .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check logged-out logged-out accepts a sanity structure .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   send
truth:  test   a

test:  send http request to the telegram api .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  send   a
truth:  make   null

test:  checks to see if a string is a decimal string .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the modules modules .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   modules

test:  kruskal can be converted to a python file .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  return   delete
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return a random element where func is stored in func .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  strip the uri from the uri portion of a uri .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  strip   convert
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return information about the logical volume(s) cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read all evokeds from a fif file .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   a
truth:  evoked   read

test:  check if there is no config exists .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a custom device on a non-dominated .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  build a dictionary of ht .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  gather   a
truth:  function   function

test:  disables an instance of plugin tracking tracking after a test failed .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  enables   instance
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset of users as a queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  code that runs on application shutdown .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  returns   sslsocket
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make a pipelineloader of names .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  decode base64-encoded data using the spec .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  base64   base64

test:  set the temporary analyze file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   temporary
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  generates   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a date .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   day

test:  pad an iterable object into a given string .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  pad   pad

test:  given a url .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  disconnect   location
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if its a domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the position where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as a % b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   add
truth:  returns   returns

test:  default page .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to run a bug in a separate module namespace = nominated namespace note that the proposed namespace namespace = namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  yields   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encode the given input encoding to base64 .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get or create anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous or create certificates .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  creates   open
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return the default stop of the server .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  nice -> string nice a string .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  to   string
truth:  null   representation

test:  change the string of the first symbol to end .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  convert   works
truth:  remove   html

test:  generate email to generate sensible email .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write out child vms and open file .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  function   return
truth:  get   memory

test:  turns top_cfg top_cfg in direction and direction .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  compare   get
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a form if its a tuple .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  get custom state for deprecated .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the system and a point .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parse authorization grant header into a tuple with the given scheme and return a tuple of configured .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   docstring
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a dataset using shelve and words .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse the method from the full list of parameters .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   vector
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a value from the wsgi environment .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  read epochs from epochs .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   read
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the given file exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a a a list of tuples .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extract   text
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  mean squared logarithmic error between two tensors .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  null   null
truth:  squared   mean

test:  get equation for rectangular into a pair .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return a list of published entries required to access their respective entries .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  lists   parse
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a list of sequences for testing .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  used   null
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an object holding a known item as a python item .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  returns   inverse
truth:  sorting   key

test:  get the xdg directory of ipython .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate gradient algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set price price / settings .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   default
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check if the given contents is a valid contents .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  check that an existing user has invalid config files .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  config   null
truth:  config   config

test:  return the volume type for a volume .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  list vapps for all the specified vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for small p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  takes a string and a list of values and returns a string of space-separated values .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   uid

test:  get rect value from data .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  set up the cups sensor .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register an interpreted role for a given node_class .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  get a list of jobs based on the recent recency .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  install the import module if specific installed .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  install   checks
truth:  installs   null

test:  try to find a cherrypy auth .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   auth
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis to *s* .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  check if checks is valid .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get a remote selected host from a remote host using the scp .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  print   a
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the current thread for the current thread .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  cached   null
truth:  puts   null

test:  a simple way to sysctl a file .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  remove tags for the specified parameters .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  attempt to parse a command and return an iterator on the server .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  module   system
truth:  command   command

test:  test imports imports .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  lazy exception raised for typical stack .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   runs
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test dealing with mne-c .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   checking
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to require harden credentials .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  null   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a >>= b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  two strings .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract a single step tabular step .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  install a website from the given student args: name : the path to the container parent directory of the container .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  create   link
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip set environment variables to the build as build .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   shell
truth:  null   null

test:  transform a demarta in theta with tawn theta a1=a2=1 a1=a2=1 the negative negative logistic of the hermite restrictions: - theta in theta form a proper format a helper function of
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   utc
truth:  mixed   null

test:  return the canonical path of a resource named project .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generates the current table overlap for all the *ref* table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the correct gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  add a new user to the old group .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of environment configuration names for all python files in one of the files .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  run   get
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the group id to a string containing the group name on this system .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  validate   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a clip that plays the current clip .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   os
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the path of the sheet run in the current context .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  developer_message the middleware .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  noop   noop

test:  mimic the specified openssl cli example: .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  create   return
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of available path tuples .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  update the quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the second kind or its derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all tasks from a task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  deregister   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  download a web page and return it if it exists .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   pyreverse
truth:  run   pylint

test:  build a email using slow-spawning .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  account   a
truth:  given   a

test:  merge multiple originally lists in a single range .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  set   a
truth:  is   null

test:  loads the variables generated by the english signal .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  build   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location details are assigned to one of the hierarchy details .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  gets   classes
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience method for getting an image file .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  write   test

test:  asks the repository can be set with a matplotlib dataset .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  show   loop
truth:  create   a

test:  given a subreddits .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  given   a

test:  build the ami for a given instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  null   nodes

test:  return the path to the appropriate migrate for this command .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gives whether the key is configured with its key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return a list of hosts for the given service .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a file n .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  null   up
truth:  return   return

test:  this generator iterates over a file in the file system and yields it .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  open   null
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  returns the type of the values of the dictionary .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  left   null

test:  context manager to catch a file or a filename that is a code object .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  input   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  print an error message and open assets .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  show   image
truth:  null   method

test:  run a new instance of a python module namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  to   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns if we should recreate a datetime .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  return   list
truth:  if   check

test:  checks to see if the account exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  call subprocess .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  call   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  puts() puts() info .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  null   test
truth:  extract   a

test:  sample from mix .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes a brocade specific credential from the tenant .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  create a devicerecord parameter string .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check the list of reservations .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   logs
truth:  report   report

test:  javascript multiple functions that are used in javascript comment .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  null   function
truth:  set   up

test:  convert the given value from a log(1+exp(x)) range .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  uses   emails
truth:  return   range

test:  test transformations of tf-mxne matrix .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a list of bits and makes a very long string .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  does the value look like an oauth-compatible variable .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  converts   version
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the available services .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   function
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager to change the given path to a given path .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  returns equation of the supplied word .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get the class of a class .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find a torrent instance by trying to find it in the hash .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  find   torrent

test:  repeat repeat and lower case .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  configuration state has been activated .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function for displaying expressions generated in the sympy .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the mac address configured on the pci device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list zones on or enabled zones cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   everything

test:  display an image layers using the given imview .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   version

test:  retrieves grains from the proxy device cli example: .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a scalar function that returns a new scalar variable .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   options

test:  parse a date/time date string and return the oauth date .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the given filename matches the given zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calls the given function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given an inventorylist configuration .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  create   create

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml format .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns the docs distance between isaquatk() and end_ref .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a number to a string of containers .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   representation
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return a datetime object from a date in the format yyyymmdd or formatted string .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  reload the storage policy .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  parse   stats
truth:  null   policies

test:  validate is_fitted partition storage on partition .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  ensure   null

test:  subscribe the namespace and save it to the given engine .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  config   handler

test:  sets a certain commit on the current transaction .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  func   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  render a list of encoding objects that correspond to a series of ten .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to require an instance .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a single named information item from the directory: command output data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  return the current user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return information about a uri .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  temporal 3d 3d tensor with squared elements .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pads   field
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test for historical within a version string .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  given a dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  create   summation
truth:  restricts   null

test:  unsubscribe a system email for sending it to the plaintext .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sending   sending

test:  override and return a widget .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  ensure   directories
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column names on table columns and dot .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  gets the task task details .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  raise warning if parallel is not in parallel mode .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  error   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   c*x**i
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that value is a valid entry map .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  still load the sent in the rest .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  null   increment
truth:  null   i

test:  return the oauth uri given a uri .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  remove   helper
truth:  look   up

test:  check if the os similarity exists .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge all fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   download
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert a colname integer to a human readable form .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  construct a default user object for given tenant and password .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the random address on unix by running random .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  update   update
truth:  set   set

test:  get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  reads the images from a file .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  delete a volume cli examples: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the form value of an object_list object .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the con for a left and/or base .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  null   calculation

test:  update user user location .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  takes   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   subprocess
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  selects   a

test:  add a new connecting xml element and add it to the same directory as in .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  checks to see if a pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the current magic object .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieve all the given collection ids and deserializes it .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  attempts to find all daily commits .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  casts the input value to a bytearray of the next  of the second item of the second integer .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  bytes   a
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a given lock instance from a string .
truth: open a file . 
test:  if   a
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is inside another loop inside another loop inside another loop inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  uninstall a systemd package .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  changes   packages
truth:  remove   remove

test:  issue #9 should not exist if the table is not none .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  if   sql
truth:  null   null

test:  like oauth .
truth: print line . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  print   line

test:  ensure review groups are valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   checks
truth:  validates   validates

test:  implements p .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   data
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return file path without the rendered rendered by stripping trailing characters .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  null   path
truth:  create   a

test:  update the image with a list of data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  update   one
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a unicode string to a scope .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculates the signal that is a few epochs into a given time .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  null   return
truth:  order   order

test:  context manager to check the tree of a with statement .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse a content-type like max-age .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  template   template

test:  reset the given http connections message using the list of http connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   resource

test:  returns true if the mne has the same attributes as in the minion .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   check
truth:  function   function

test:  walk the directory and all its errors .
truth: log os . 
test:  callback   method
truth:  log   os

test:  copy function from one function to another .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  copy   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  converts   dictionary
truth:  returns   a

test:  page for channel .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  function   function

test:  compute score for each binary loss .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  computes   convenience
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks to see if the host exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a python class name to a python dictionary .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  only works on linux .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the image in an image .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  set   standard
truth:  change   change

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  check   get
truth:  null   a

test:  call formatmessage from a file and return it as a comma attribute .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the systime time in seconds with high precision (windows version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   package
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  transform the api probe to a definition definition .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  to   null
truth:  maps   maps

test:  converts a string in bytes in bytes to a long integer .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open or create database at path given by *file* .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   null
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given list of language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set up default app for testing .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   point
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the xmpp xmpp for an i18n picture .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  converts   v

test:  use this to save currently on unhandled .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  use   download
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests to make sure that no exception matches the api call .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   metadata

test:  restart the draft revision for the user .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  returns   new
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  mount   a

test:  clean the database queries for single osr queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  print   returns
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse the response from a readmodifywriterow request and return a python dictionary .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  add productcrosssell kind to template kind .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  add   arguments
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the envs server configuration files that will be used by the given backend .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create matrix to create multiple eigenvalues of order n .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  list   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  checks if a directory exists .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  verifies   create
truth:  create   create

test:  read the z-file bit from filepath .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  file   python
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple containing items of a iterable which must be created .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  function   find
truth:  find   a

test:  recursively copy a directory .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  null   gpusparseblockgemv
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if the current request has already been activated .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  update   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  run half of the server .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  start   task
truth:  run   flake8

test:  triangular moving average .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  rate   null
truth:  null   momentum

test:  attach a block storage volume name cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   block
truth:  attach   a

test:  set the cross domain of a test .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return the status of a list of final statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return possible subset of match path and targets .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  port   null
truth:  search   search

test:  test with a module level .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  null   run
truth:  verify   null

test:  class decorator for creating a mock engine .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  return   a
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  null   read
truth:  provides   null

test:  given a querystring .
truth: given a server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get decoding networks .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a field in the database .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  rename   connect
truth:  test   test

test:  render a json string as duck-typing .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  start the zipextimporter mode .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  print   translate
truth:  starts   null

test:  returns the value for a specified account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private key required by a private api .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   certificates
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  build commands for empty directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  update   plots
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  returns a summary of current database counts .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  make   checks
truth:  post   a

test:  return the cohort id for the given user .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   division
truth:  given   a

test:  load the configuration for a specific server settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  command   command

test:  like unquote() .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a thumbnail thumbnail with the given gs resource .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  create   a

test:  runs a specific function on the smtp session .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  run   run
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compiles fnclex .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  resolve an pickled tag into a new repository .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  resolve   list
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the push time as a left tzinfo instance .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  return an :class: .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  set   calls
truth:  request   request

test:  fixture that provides a null .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the given language code .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the list of ports and their records .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  return   remote
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the environment variable from a environment variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  all the manifest modules .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  scan   find
truth:  archive   sources

test:  gets a string of color by shifting the regex to display in the tuple of color and then formats it as a string .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  return   host
truth:  get   a

test:  remove all the input handlers from the root path and others as a background root .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  signal   object
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes old messages from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  converts a unicode string to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare a sort key as a instead of keys .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether or not the given patterns matching the given patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  given   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup default options for ssl script .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  move   move

test:  read the slc commands .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  check if all objects have valid objects .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a cohort object for the specified name .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  get   info
truth:  return   return

test:  internal helper function that returns the current time and last time zone .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a topic to the native subscription .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns the auth header suitable for use in http body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the spec file .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  redirect to a new user and redirect to an existing ticket .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  selects   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns the minkowski distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  replace extra whitespace with strings .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  substitute   null

test:  yield tracebacks tuples of tracebacks .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  installs   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to ensure that the decorated test with the given *attributes .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  check   check
truth:  decorated   null

test:  given a sql statement .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sort a dict by append a stream to a synonym .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  makes   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from receiver .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   receiver
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  get current time zone :return: string: :rtype: str :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   current
truth:  displays   null

test:  add a node to the make it provides the global node .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  add   shortcut
truth:  register   a

test:  parse a topic out of an mqtt topic .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a long integer to a bytes .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  convert   current
truth:  use   use

test:  start the python mode for the current python interpreter .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  start   python
truth:  to   null

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a volume snapshot .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns current prompt with a prompt with a minimum label .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  return   get
truth:  to   tokens

test:  return a list of all vms on this azure environment cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  modifies if two ranges are equivalent .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   check
truth:  test   test

test:  updates scene exceptions for season and fail .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a dict obtained by the xml file name .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  gets   null

test:  filtered version of the repo .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  label   version
truth:  create   create

test:  write the string to a file .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  create   helper
truth:  write   a

test:  solve a locator matrix for a digital matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  filters   logging
truth:  solve   real

test:  which training the person of the person that this is configured to convert the person of the person .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   job
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message with an ok message .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the coefficient for a 4d tensor .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: stash this plugin allows you to provide code .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   process
truth:  null   stash

test:  find a review board request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  get absolute site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a url for the tool shed to retrieve the installed url .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  list all all explicit rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a sequence of lists .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   return
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system info cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   system

test:  fixture to change default groups for testing .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  null   names
truth:  creates   null

test:  use the os .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  creates a python application on a python server .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  takes a list of urls and an iterable of urls .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  join   returns
truth:  joins   a

test:  returns true if the given object is a valid field .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the virtual hard disk
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  a distance matrix to distance matrix .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  null   strategy
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  emulate   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  run all nodes on a task and ensures that the system is compute .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   up
truth:  run   run

test:  remove one or more or multiple sites sites .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  start   a
truth:  remove   app

test:  returns the coefficient of the modal of the values in the passed array .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list of absolute path patterns for a given slug .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  removes   everything

test:  serialize and returns a dictionary of result definitions .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  to   serialize
truth:  given   null

test:  resize and resize a given image .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  resize   images
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  returns correct positive .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with one line .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  is the combined record for a given root .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  make   list
truth:  update   update

test:  get a usable connection error .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check for characters in a file .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  logs   logs

test:  subtract polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  partitions   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  determine if the response should be parsed from csp .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  to   method

test:  create an ssh url for a given options and ssh commands .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively traverse the filenames filenames and all its subdirectories .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrade all available package objects to a specific package .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   call
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  gets a list of registered trophy types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to work work in directory of temporary directory .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  check   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  should be parallel difference of a complex difference of this one .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  null   instance
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the possible possible .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  *char* through the array of single difference of this string .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  find   find

test:  escapes a strings html .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  gets a list of packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  settings   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  does a get request of the given server on the given server .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   a

test:  mark a given problem as being installed .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  have   null

test:  factory method to load a configuration from a persistent configuration file .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  return   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a decorator for functions that return an ordereddict of a modulestore class .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  context   calls
truth:  creates   a

test:  resolves tab to the json object .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  parses   function
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  takes a doctype name and returns a boolean value .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  function   html
truth:  if   check

test:  given a valid pack name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  add a type into an type for the type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  write the given filename to a file .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  creates   script
truth:  content   content

test:  send insert into table into table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  add   notification
truth:  insert   insert

test:  get a list of table sql sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat a single test to a method .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  apply   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  pulls the given api object from the mailchimp .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  construct   list
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  create a default size of the entire element .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  get the project tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  get   endpoint
truth:  creates   null

test:  install and configure the locally .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   install

test:  returns an schema builder for a given urn .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  creates   in
truth:  return   a

test:  format an error message into a response object .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  format   format

test:  convert the state file to the status code .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  guess   player

test:  check that astropys against a sanity distance currently pyephem .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  process the available message if either a user changed or not .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  ask   user
truth:  if   a

test:  deserialize value to json .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a new hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the salt-ssh system .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  null   null
truth:  publish   commands

test:  this function is used to create a model class object that is a 'pk' model .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  djangos   convert
truth:  converts   back

test:  create a setup instance for testing .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   distribution

test:  not yet finished for use in rendering .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  helps   null

test:  add/update limit by clock .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  check that the expected value is at least one of the given type .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  convert a string to a byte string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  copies the area area to the os .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  translate   object
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a generator that yields a generator of reloads lines .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  return a collection to a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  enumerates a given file .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dump   content
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  decorator that injects the decorated function not allowed to loads and sort of it .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a private key of a private key and rsa it .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a tuple that maps the maximum distance between any non-singleton fields .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete a user cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-opts format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  uses   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  converts the execution of a kernel to a lagged lagged .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a pair of .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated method is a middleware of the provided request .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  find an hessian matrix of a dependencygrammar .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  code   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   implementation
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  returns the closed file-like object .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  lock   a

test:  returns the promoted of the given subreddits .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes into an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  perform   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  make a ellipse mean covariance matrix .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  makes   signals
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command on the given vm and execute it .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   queries
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert positive argument to positive .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  returns   outputs
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a paragraph into a rgb paragraph .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  replaces all windows dictionaries with the supplied newline types .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  does the given preferred preferred server .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  null   redirect
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  use a breaks to find the next half of all values in a list .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  yield   batches

test:  given an input value .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  socket   calculate
truth:  added   stack

test:  run each file in the given file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  delete a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  check the setting for disregard .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a library index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   signal
truth:  updates   course

test:  compute date/time for samples as a : int .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  solve   parts
truth:  compute   compute

test:  render the module cix the tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  parse   build
truth:  build   build

test:  get a dict mapping tasks to respective respective data for a given host/time .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see if the sid for a certificate to see if the sid was trashed .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises a valueerror when given a wrong input .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add rotation loop to plane .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   summary
truth:  simplified   add

test:  [file_name test node .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  helper function to get an user from an identifier .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  for compatibility between integer and numbers .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  coerce   a

test:  compute the consolidate sets of a directed graph .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates the n-queens group of n .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  return   behave
truth:  function   function

test:  create a string of random chars with random chars .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  join   change
truth:  change   change

test:  test sum of set_subtensor .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   classes
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to np an array of integer tuples to be unique .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  read zones zones from the entire file .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  renderscene - opengl opengl suitable parameters .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   backend
truth:  -   -

test:  set a raw raw arg on the vm .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  print   print
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a private ip for the linode linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere model creation from transcripts .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return the information on all the named package(s) .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  list   list

test:  basic indexing with indexing lists .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  clears internal cache for all users .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  cache   utility
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  splits some subsets into multiple subsets .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  array   return
truth:  split   split

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  check   test
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml elements by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filters out apis by its apis .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  copy the given source to a bokeh location .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a string like "1:22" but is a genepop function .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  read   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: least allows trend to provide least the build status logic .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a page from the estimator service .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a fast complex or a value .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  null   i
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the passed options is valid .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test genextreme when only one fraction .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  delete   use
truth:  destroy   null

test:  compute the trimmed range of the given sum of values .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   arguments
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get vnc console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check clusterer predict .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function yn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  view to reset password .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  resets   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  convert a background array to a background array .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  transfer   null
truth:  to   rgba

test:  returns a "model" instance compatible with the bridges/devices method .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  known   null
truth:  null   python

test:  table a table metadata .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  null   a

test:  gets a clientexception of current interface info .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  create   load
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row row scaling .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   null
truth:  inplace   row

test:  check if a database exists based on the newest version .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  renders a certificate template and shows the result as a fasta template .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  render   page
truth:  picks   picks

test:  iterate over all character matches .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  encodes a string as json .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the exponential of the expression with expr in the specified expression .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  produce   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of eventrenderers from available itemservicing .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new consumers endpoints .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  resizes the partition .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  reading   copies
truth:  resizes   null

test:  compute nth log moments of given log .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  null   chunks
truth:  null   fastica

test:  extracts all the settings in the given settings .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  set   null
truth:  try   try

test:  setup an proj to be an eeg file for proj .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  create   include
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  remove timeline contents for a given pipeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  go   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  a simple wrapper of fp .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of data that have running datasets .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  combines a list of games into one big player sequence .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  get list of available virtual host cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  format   format
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  an http os .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  we deletes the metric system .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  to   query

test:  set the obey flag for the last call to one .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  index   kernel
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  moving   average
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes key constraints from the database .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  allow the default connection to be refactored .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  support   support

test:  return an iterator over all example widgets .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test example of dependencies .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   a
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the given log key and stores it in a context variable .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a valid tag autocomplete tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print a color message .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  format   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  removes old style data from the shell .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get a service name based on a service .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return a consistent object by name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns true if the passed value is a true .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return python python source string .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  extract   path
truth:  return   python

test:  return current targets in the current context .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  set the current boot command to be available on boot cli example: .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   set
truth:  boot   boot

test:  create a dsym file from the given image .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   student
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all non-deleted groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test to ensure volume label works as expected .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  label   class
truth:  reading   reading

test:  apply dict passed to the response .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  returns a list of visible devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  extract the json body from a http body string .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  null   data
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return a text angle in the range angle .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decodes a certificate cookie cookie from a unicode string .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  parse   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  this will get the tuple from the github-hosted method .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   conversion

test:  check if a string is a binary string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a generator of attribute names in a filter .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile a ir operation on the form of the master .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  return the name of the hook .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return a pantsrefs link for each established on the passed xml page .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  link   like
truth:  null   null

test:  save an abstract template for each with the specified list of behavior .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   changes
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: same as os . 
test:  null   path
truth:  null   null

test:  handler to add a user to the permission .
truth: update request . 
test:  to   authentication
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a container .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  configured   a
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  get the api storage storage storage map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  a decorator that skips a single policy policy to be triggered when the client passed to the wrapped function .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  check   policy

test:  do a post request to the json api .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  get the craft preferences from the elementnode .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validate groupby fields as expected .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  constructs a consumer object to create a consumer .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  fountain fountain .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  return   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  takes a scenario and prepends it to the scenario .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  make a c string from a string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  write version information for the given version string .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  debug   version
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  this is intended to be a plex .
truth: returns np . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check for deprecated run .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   integrity
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the value for a key .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute whitener covariance covariance matrix for a single covariance covariance == | logrecord | keys** .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   guess
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  create a codeobj class for a specified module .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid require .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find all variables in a certain matrix that calculates a certain value of each input .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  save an in-memory workbook file .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks to see if the host data can be run .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  check   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  find the right letters in the already quoted .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  like   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  return a string representation of an object with some sort .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  attributes   symbols
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a storage instance from a google cloud storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  open   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  to make user little bit more likely .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get face added to the face .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims from the user or the system cli example: .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  rescale the input layout so that the forum is the one of the endcompare kind .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  scales   crud
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine funcs or group of a functions .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  remove   return
truth:  combine   null

test:  extract the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  updates the translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to a message .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  have   message
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the variance of numeric data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a file and return a list of combination of stripped values .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   data

test:  test with a single column when the original exception is created .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  if   arguments
truth:  tests   tests

test:  helper to run a temporary process .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  fail if a task report has been clone .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  signs   logs
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns the static configuration directory fill for the given galaxy .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the object is strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that catches a transaction in python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  provide   decorator
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  try to get the daemon module from the user .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  running   return
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return the canonical form of a path .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  return   path
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  helper function to resolve a single tag .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  resolve   check
truth:  given   a

test:  calculates a time zone .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a new consumers for the given topic .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  set a given possible module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  import   a

test:  convert a vector to a list of vectors .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  transform   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several portage packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the token for the specified user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  get   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  find all the face found in the validity for the specified face .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  given   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return a set of permissions for a given string type .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get the device associated with the current device .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  construct an array of samples from a format distribution .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  confirm that the part of math are passed .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  wait for a message to become accessible .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  only one or several production application on current application .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  given   create
truth:  null   one

test:  shows a user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  error   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  determine   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check a newest navigation ref .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  if   existence
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dictionary of information about the current page .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   links

test:  get all child branch matching the trie .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   branch

test:  return list of longest ids .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  chooses   null

test:  return a list of form relative to the form reference .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  get   path
truth:  given   null

test:  get the current search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  search   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  configure vif and set vif driver .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  set   set
truth:  populate   a

test:  convert multiple ports into a variable .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  take   a
truth:  function   function

test:  sanitize the psaux and return the users elementary cli example: .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  pulls translation utf-7 .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  returns   translation
truth:  loads   unit

test:  xdg the config directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  check   xdg

test:  calculate the number of seconds to show as a version of the message .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a dict of ne combinations .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test with step_down_p .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test tmp when tmp is already installed .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  forget forget .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  default   function
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  track the number of actions for the provided user .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   render
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that we can test valid invalid type .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a control server factory to be used to create a control server .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the message info path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  force exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  forces   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  decode a music output of the output from the output of a music tagger .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install a specific plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  provides the execute execute command .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  use   use

test:  get or create the global hosts file .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get extra loops going through the given loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the hg revision for the current thread .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a standard application object .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   application

test:  renders the extra fields to see if the user sent to .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  to   handle
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts an integer to a set of length selective strings .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a user options .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  verifies the validity of a wants to send to a wants .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  reports   reports

test:  return a regular expression object compiled .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the plugin .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  null   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  this function is called by multiprocessing when the component of data .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  link   translate
truth:  edits   null

test:  return an instance of the appropriate format for use with .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  given a file name .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  get   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the initial version of the database .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   display
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return a list of all color color files .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  get   delete
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about the named container cli example: .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  name   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an absolute path to a yaml file by name .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  expected   return

test:  return a list of the urls that are unique .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  train a task with arguments argument .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  test   nex
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  compute the entropy of a entropy .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  compute   algorithm
truth:  return   return

test:  get the authentication options for a given apps .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  build   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get logger wrapped by name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  render the javascript map for each trace map file .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  generates   a

test:  given url .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  populate   verification
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper to write a stream .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  function   quota
truth:  prepares   a

test:  merge a image into a flattened input .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  insert a insert to a node .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  processes   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a database exists .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  configures the object input and stores it in the ask .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  displays   object
truth:  configure   configure

test:  performs the nlmeans pipeline .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  null   workflow

test:  compile a device .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   running
truth:  compile   a

test:  retrieve a role by name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  converts an arbitrary slug to a fixed string .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  attribute   returns
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the inheritance can be whitelisted .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a dict of all place on the cloud provider .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  build   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http status code is client .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  do the actual work .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < 1 .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  clean the assets for a certain source file .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  built   remove

test:  removes all root directories that are available for the given directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a dictionary of test files that match the given config .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  create   attempt
truth:  preload   a

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid short number .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create returns a folder for the given name .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  taken from python source file .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  set the base environment used for the current thread .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure the named image is present in the system name the name of the image to remove .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   a

test:  cast -> string convert a string to an sql string .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  if   array
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches new log file and open it .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  assign all parent keys to the given node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a wrapper to create and return code objects for migration .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   a

test:  create a rule and backref from a condition .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  make   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  insert a value into a dictionary .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  insert   dictionary
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check to see if the user does not exist .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create a set of rrc822 based on the smallest of the array of timegrouper .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  prepare   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  gets the header with the provided key .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a list of list of page with passed .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary of the elements of the keys of the form .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  converts basestring objects on string to stdout .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  text   s
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  replace all supported document with provided arguments .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  call   fixes
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  return the complex table from the package .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  predefined   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  loads an image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an image file from file to a string .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  changes the vms on a given machine .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  =   disk
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compare two sequences .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  return   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns must all have exactly same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  lists the members of a group cli examples: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  output   list
truth:  replaces   members

test:  computes derivative diff of the finite diff of a set of vectors .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  uses   checks
truth:  calculates   null

test:  generates a string for the data blocks in the form .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  is   pass
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  converts a string argument to a unicode string .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a quoted pootle version .
truth: available major . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   null

test:  construct a class from a nzb .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return tuples of length classes .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  output   logging
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag with the passed html .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  results   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this creates a custom orphan address .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the thread count of a thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  return   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a string of seconds since e .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if csf exists on the system .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  work   work
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  if   task
truth:  install   python

test:  load a certificate certificate from a path and return a list of tuples .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return partial non-empty shed tool is a tool shed .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   tool
truth:  if   null

test:  converts an expression into a containing some alf_exceptions and put it into a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a np .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  default page: displays all user index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  unread   null
truth:  index   index

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ssh
truth:  null   ru

test:  set alarm to signal .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  splits the datastore path at the given path .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  returns the weight matrix of two vectors .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  uses   indices
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  apply a value to an extracted configuration .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  recurse   null

test:  given a valid config file object .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  drops   a
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  return the appropriate head wrapper .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  using   null

test:  renders a jinja values to map .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  null   context
truth:  render   render

test:  tries to parse the date to extract the date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  function   function

test:  return urlparsed url for explicit urls .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  url   return
truth:  url   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a dict of properties and a cache dictionary .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  invalidate   a
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits a task to generate a csv containing fake grades .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test some reader in two snapshots .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the extent of a head structure as a list .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   fill
truth:  returns   returns

test:  coefficient is either a bug or prediction .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  convert a posix system to the name of the system .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the completion code assist assist assist assist code should be inserted at offset .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  download an s3 object to a bucket .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  null   benchmark
truth:  download   download

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   unix

test:  register fn to be remote and set it to the logger .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  set   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all vms on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  find a hypervisor by a get .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a decorator for marking a function to be run .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  removes requests from the current context .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new module object .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  check   check

test:  like leading but having forwarding .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  djangos   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  temporarily adds a local warnings to the context on a specific hostname .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  convert columns back to inet .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copy the file provided by the provided file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  copies   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that httpconnection returns list of registred used to make sure that are valid .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper method for decorator; values parameters types : bool types : bool if true value is true .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   a
truth:  infer   a

test:  convert the given type string into a unix type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  expand   expand

test:  importing w/ a nested path .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  return a list of absolute config files found on the backslash .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   configuration

test:  return the default part of the default environment variable .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that hyphens are forwarded to do basic .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a proxy .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   work
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the complexity of a complexity of n .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a continuous random variable with the pareto distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the most recent snapshot of snapshots in take .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise docstring .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  returns   linear
truth:  null   null

test:  create a signal instance for a signal that has already been modified .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  make   validate
truth:  fire   a

test:  returns the size of a given format .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  renders the specified user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  set   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the maximum conductance between two node sets .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a base64 encoded string into base64 .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns correct correlation between two vectors .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  project   a

test:  deletes pending summary data from the database .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return the current compiler script cli example: .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   console
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a cluster mask into a list of indices .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   add
truth:  to   convert

test:  helper function to create a default weight for a given shape .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of level lengths of each level of the function .
truth: given an index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message information .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the discrete log of a network to the specified trial .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the length of a model .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  value   model
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  ensure that given gemset is present .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single aggregates resource provider .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  for kb contributors .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a sp class .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   class

test:  purge all options that are available for the current application .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  purges   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  checks if the current log is can be logs directly since the logs .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   null

test:  implement but replace replace nones .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the additive kernel between x and x .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  choose   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert data into a human readable format .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   number

test:  if domain is not provided .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  serve   null

test:  returns a dict of information useful for the provided file .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  call all the customer content in the provided parallel .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  replace extra values with expression replaced by their expression parameters .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  do   unicode
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  return a script graph for this test based scripts .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate a jupyter jupyter notebook notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  format   html
truth:  returns   a

test:  a outer request should be included in a csrf request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  get   handle
truth:  context   processor

test:  attempt to execute an executable file .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   call

test:  returns a permission user with any of the passed user .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  returns a list of the props index .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a single file on the minion .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  writes an error message to stderr and exit code .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  block   msg
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determine if the name is made of this method .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  if   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  copies default filter called from src to the final area .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  to   default
truth:  default   default

test:  loads the cross loss of two cross labels .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  define   a

test:  handle the server track .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  have   notification
truth:  log   events

test:  open the pylint logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  module   open
truth:  log   log

test:  retrieve a class by name .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list into a list of sub lists .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  split   split
truth:  null   elements

test:  compiles a string for working with the given string .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   a
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the path to a file .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  like input .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   null
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  null   list
truth:  perform   one

test:  allow an image to a stat object .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the nti internet suitable for a group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   generate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  gets an ordereddict for a service .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  centers   usage
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait until the mathjax javascript has loaded .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  set add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  displays   add
truth:  add   add

test:  remove all activities from the feed functions used by the given feed .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  work   load
truth:  requires   requires

test:  create a list of label objects for the given compute the nodes .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  label   label
truth:  assign   a

test:  returns the configured instance to use for the given server .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list of items into a flat urls .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  transform a string into a field .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the loop path from a loop .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  loads and returns the contents of the given file .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parse a server_string source file into a rgb tree .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a random rotation gate of a circuit circuit .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new table in a given project .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  known   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a snapshot id .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write an in-memory object to a file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   token
truth:  pack   pack

test:  return version string for the version .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  scan   discover
truth:  return   tshark

test:  return a list of all installed packages on the system .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  wrap a exception for a response but keeps its traceback intact .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  call   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  migrate the parsed table table .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  returns the indices of an array of arrays to a given place .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   elements

test:  return a list of matching files .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the list of current inventory resources .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes all roles from a domain on a domain or project .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  construct a exact message from a chunk of searching .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  build   up

test:  handle image verbose uuid : boolean toggle uuid of image verbose : boolean optional uuid of image verbose verbose uuid of image verbose verbose cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the cached localzone object .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the variable value for given test variable v .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  test   read
truth:  test   test

test:  generic email to find a script that has an identifier .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect with ip addresses are ok .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  parse a callback and call the response object .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a human-readable string containing context info .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  function   run
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  call our failure without changes .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   failure

test:  get rotation of randomly randomly distribution parameters x : scipy .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  null   create
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the support request .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  serve   current
truth:  return   return

test:  save a salt_jid object to the given file object using the given attribute of each operation .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  patch   manager
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  generates a random challenge for use in get_credentials .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a mode value or a file mode to index .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a dictionary of pairs into a dictionary .
truth: like repr . 
test:  list   list
truth:  like   repr

test:  find a search based on the tag .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  object   find
truth:  find   channel

test:  convert a query into a query object .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   image
truth:  provided   apply

test:  handle the logged in the session .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  gets   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  clears all alarm jobs on the local node .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   ssh
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parse a buffer options and return a round string .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compile a file as a online host .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  null   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  interface to git-branch(1)_ and emit the repository to it .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  export   wrapper
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  output the vm vm : string vm to be stopped lookup : string vm to be stopped .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch raw image by target function .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  grab   null

test:  check that value is a document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a cookiejar from a cookiejar dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  usage: {{ type checks if the dbref has a particular dbref .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  forms   forms

test:  generates unique poem for given mises formatted for generators .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  generates   cosine
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set a list of names .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  like   configure
truth:  set   a

test:  covariance matrix with the max covariance .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  find   find

test:  converts an image to a docker header for changes .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  computes   manager
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 410 gone context .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write simple notification method and grabs the text methods from f .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns pandas-intelligible string .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   way

test:  prepare an image from a mean of images .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a string without the first character and assigned to the sunday .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the storage node exists and is selected .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  dump dump like utf-8 .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  print   string
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generates a new description instance from the configuration .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  display   event
truth:  start   start

test:  returns a normalized normalized normalized normalized vertices of the {username between two node sets .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  cast an integer to positive argument .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  boolean   numbers
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete an computenode .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  build the dictionary consisting of the system metadata for the system .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  in true if a particular event contains a negative depth at the given depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read a one- from an integer like data .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  read   read
truth:  combines   null

test:  converts django to json string .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a dict .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  add   a

test:  generate a file from the given file and generate it .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   secret

test:  extract external downloader identifier from the table .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  get   plugin
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom nonce that is unlikely to random format .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  check to see if vlim is an instance of another protocol .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  *cluster_summary* multiple gaussian image parameters .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   images

test:  a dummy view for testing that returns the string .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  empty   return

test:  create a "call" status fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  create   a

test:  retrieve the url for a given service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  returns   inset
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns none if p is none .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  display the url to a course image .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that is a new template .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  translates   list
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  delete   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling sampling loss loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  checks to see if various is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  raises   helper
truth:  if   check

test:  get the complex path from the vector3 if it exists .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a class with subclasses of an :class:uielement:: class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a warning and print it isnt running on the system .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a single package .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: scan-build this plugin allows you to use a build as a build step whose name is the config file .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a date string from a datetime .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  input a phyloxml .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  uses   find
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  provides panel from data .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  return   selinux
truth:  converts   converts

test:  try to open a path .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  is   print
truth:  function   function

test:  finds the path for the current machine .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   get

test:  clears the lexer/parser cache .
truth: cache management . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the value of the poem .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge the supplied dict of a objects .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  turning   merge
truth:  merge   struct

test:  loads only used in the specified file .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function iterates over a sequence of integers .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  profiling   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check that the helper helper function works as expected .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  url   url

test:  return the matches of a tag with matching its tag .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for a coordinate value that return a compiled double value .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  return a dict of files from a bucket .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  get an in-memory file for the given path item .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   a

test:  creates the adcustomizerfeed for the specified adgroups .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   sets
truth:  creates   null

test:  run the plot .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  same as controlb .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add an axis to connected labels .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  add   mariadb
truth:  function   function

test:  test reading and writing of a file .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  reading   in
truth:  io   io

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  callback to set pending guard .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  load a conf dictionary from a string .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  read   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  add a initial name to the given env object .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  null   a

test:  mask the events for a certain number of prior to rfc 2822 .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning turning a host to be able to @hosts .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  make   configuration
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  squared   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute crc-32c checksum of a crc16 matrix .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  construct   compute
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns the first word of the current locale .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is a integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a list with all elements of a given user .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve info about the locate database cli example: .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that an error when the header for a substring .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  if   null
truth:  header   header

test:  this function is the hash function to create a hash with the following contents using the hash algorithm .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   strings

test:  return the absolute size of the range of a file .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  decide   returns
truth:  files   files

test:  set up the users component .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  let   null

test:  generator to yield a random string/key of length usernames .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  convert power of a propositional sentence to rational functions in parallel .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a set of values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  null   string
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove repeating from a task .
truth: given task name . 
test:  remove   task
truth:  given   task

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this fixture to enable a fixture that uses the celery log .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   arrays
truth:  null   null

test:  start a new notification notification server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   start
truth:  notify   notify

test:  checks if a given path is a symlink .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  return   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  copy the named file or directory from the given environment .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  list   get
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class via name .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   a

test:  convert the absolute path to absolute path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a list of templates .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a dict of active config objects .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  this will return the current site site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  coerce differences between two values .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  update   multiple
truth:  null   null

test:  split object and return a list with tags that are found in two list .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  object   object

test:  get or shared time parameters whether a given axes parameters axes : int .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  copy one or more source files to this symlink destdir a destination destdir destdir - all binding .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  rest controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  helper function to check if getting a vb machine exists .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  checks   in

test:  change host to match server .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  replace   loader
truth:  password   password

test:  creates a xml document from a text .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  saves   text
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a list of test test test suite from a given test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that all objects contained in the set of objects are enabled .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of datasets that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a flat list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  find a sequence of the first letter sequences in a list of supported locations .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file name and a public interface name .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  ask   use
truth:  print   print

test:  register a new event .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   a

test:  tests that a file can be loaded .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  tests   comments
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures the host group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a datetime object from a date or a datetime .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  call   call

test:  always return c{false} if the path is not available .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  finished   connection

test:  wrapper for backslash .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if a server is enabled cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can return whether user can return given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  determine the score of a single test .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  make   score
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this wrapper will execute a multiset_partitions_taocp .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset length length length .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   capture
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this task .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adjust pvalues for getting encoder .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  like   lookup
truth:  lookup   up

test:  return the number of unique elements of n in a set of any symbol .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks to see if the request is enabled or not .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   current

test:  given a path like os .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : literal newline | python .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   definition

test:  output the specified attribute information .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  set   login
truth:  output   parameter

test:  check that a json compatible method points to a python json .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  return   in
truth:  assert   a

test:  test code storage .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  null   density
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the n-th degree of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a bem flow .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  create   create
truth:  uses   uses

test:  a view decorator for views that require a group to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   new

test:  it is needed to generate a queue and processed it from the target .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  warn if the config is absent .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os tk tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a string of collectionsummarymodel instances .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create an order by specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   null
truth:  place   place

test:  slice shape and slices slices along with specified shape .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  get   get

test:  pyopengl pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   desktop
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  gets the profile model object from the provided string .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random adjacency graph .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  place   place

test:  creates a postgres database cli example: .
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove multiple entity headers that are referenced .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  testing   output
truth:  output   output

test:  add a protobuf summary of a search_service_pb .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns bench name .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  runs a given node and return the violations on the specified node .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  run   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  release an equalizer that is the current pre-amplification value .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   get
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  center   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  shut   null

test:  fix python extension for a given user .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  accepts   python
truth:  null   null

test:  given an object .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  read   a

test:  returns default contact as keys for gantt .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  transform the passed link to a precomputed socket .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  generate   temperature
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of a group .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   group
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get specific server configuration value from a salt master cli example: .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return one or more cloud profile object .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   image
truth:  extract   null

test:  ensure the struct type with a proxy type .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  make   null
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  builds a naive fastq header .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  make   generate
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  generate a random string with seed and seed .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a contributions calendar calendar for the specified username .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  null   download
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  convert an integer to a inverse of functions with zeros .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  rms   paragraphs
truth:  null   permutation

test:  redirects to the given job .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  skip test if data is less than data .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the test case .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  start   a
truth:  has   django

test:  connect to the unclear of a file .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   range

test:  read the given file and return as wine .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  read   read

test:  convert image to radsec .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the trimmed cartesian cartesian product of the values in the passed array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset flavor extra extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   delete
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the object is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the jth of an array with all elements in the input array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  return   a

test:  split a two canonical tuples into tuples that can be either rand_structure() .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   a

test:  fit a single image using a given subsequence parameters data : array-like .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  called   a
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall python python python python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  pack arg into an iterable .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  arg   x
truth:  pack   variables

test:  running the "harvest" test with valid options .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  are   models
truth:  uses   uses

test:  get data needed for specified module .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  module   module

test:  compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  returns   node
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   path
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a dictionary product of the current request names .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns all the css dependencies for a group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  an iterator over the objects of response .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if cmd has any .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise an appropriate error if expected and log are the same as expected .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   error
truth:  log   log

test:  check if a bad link is a bad base object .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the given exploration index .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  extract the first column of a column .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that a plaintext password matches hashed hash algorithm .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get an absolute request config file .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  parses the given token token into a string .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  list   utc
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively collects the source files in the docker-compose file .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  like   return
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should work with existing acceptable acceptable .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  return   a
truth:  exit   exit

test:  trained controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the creation sequence from a list of r tuples that is djangos djangos with the performs sids args: variable returns: weights .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  returns   a

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq enum_seq enum_seq enum_seq field_seq field_seq | field_seq field_seq field_seq | nonassoc field_type field_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  plot the partial autocorrelation function .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function to write a given file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  walk   log
truth:  write   a

test:  create a collection of hosts and user acl its acl .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function to get the full path to the django .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  return   path
truth:  generate   a

test:  return an absolute url to the given site file .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  uses a tornado request to perform a urlfetch request .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  gets the position of an ngram sentence .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  get   robot
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  null   page
truth:  view   view

test:  serve protected objects from a users file .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  get sort keys/directions parameters from the list of parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  copies   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  verify that the given expression and desired objects are correct .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  assert   compare
truth:  null   null

test:  return the running running running running running the bgr load balancer cli examples: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  get   get

test:  delete specific options .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  show   a
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge two sync in adding a single task into a dict .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  take   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  returns the module instance to use for django *d* .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  return   module
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  groups groups to a group or expression .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  undo basic host settings for specified system .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  identify   undo
truth:  override   override

test:  return a dict with the specified config .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provision a user on a package .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  null   flocker
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics html .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   proxy
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  calculate the path to the binary solr .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pretty print out an error extents .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  name   percent
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a time instance to a time .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  set the diffchunkgenerator class used for rendering diffs .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  rabbitmq the api test .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  build   null
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute cluster connectivity using cluster connectivity .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  train   version
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   handle
truth:  perform   null

test:  compute an incomplete test of f .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper method to wrap a kind of parent levels .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  return a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  null   interface

test:  verify that a certificate is valid and can be invalid .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  strips   text
truth:  convert   convert

test:  add directories to files in the given directory .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   a
truth:  files   files

test:  creates a search_service_pb object from an entity .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  document   a
truth:  make   null

test:  draw a random sampling object for testing purposes .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draw   samples
truth:  draws   null

test:  returns the correct number of the supplied time .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  input   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  step describing a reachable corner from adding some sort of left corner .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  do not allow a flag to being redirected .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   credentials

test:  push options to the salt returner .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  get   get

test:  check that the subnet is a subnet and will be parsed .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json data from file and return as byte string .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   json

test:  test to ensure that all the drivers work in the response .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  to   test

test:  get the volume tag of a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  check   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns single site site info .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument to allow the future ldap api to be set .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  helper function for computing a quadratic polynomial .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  solve   value
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  exceptions that always use the default line .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given an html element .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  require sudo environment variables for current pages .
truth: return env . 
test:  list   prefix
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return if the file exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   check

test:  do a sequence of pairs in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  caches the profile name for the user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  authentication view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  to   redirects
truth:  renders   null

test:  generates a default component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  default   default
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if encoding is available .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that channels that require names to be update .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  check   check
truth:  help   eeg

test:  function which rand_structure() with the elements of 3 group 2 and width .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  is   cone
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound inbound messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  deletes a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the named service is available at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  if   quota
truth:  return   return

test:  fit a coil .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  points   instances
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  returns true if current request is enabled .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  get the alternatives for a rule .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  null   strategy

test:  displays currently active completions .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke a user from an admin on a vm .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   cluster
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project version view .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  edit   version
truth:  project   version

test:  extract a :class:createrepo .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   a

test:  open a database file as a dictionary of unix unix by reading all of the keys in home directory .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  open   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task object .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  returns a random funfact .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a function that produces a given type .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic series return the series square root of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates a kernel image from the given image .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  our friendly files in the directory containing fortran code files .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  doji star .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to a specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  updates a translations .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  adds   a

test:  helper decorator to create a new @no_type_check method object .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  prints a given stream and kwargs on the given synonym .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a string into a comma-separated .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  known   time
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  test to ensure that hugs hugs a uuid works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the occurrences of the currently available 1000 .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  check   check
truth:  get   get

test:  build a kernel revision that does not have a changeset section received .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  parse   inspect
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a resource uri to a resource .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if an installed version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  asserts that the given expression is the same as static case .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test arithmetic normal scaling creation .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   fit
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  callback   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the status for the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  show a list of breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create an gpusparseblockouter data database .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   try

test:  safe query results for a given query .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  remove   array
truth:  to   job

test:  the spam view to allow a comment to be met and handles a spam .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  set   function
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate adjacency file .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   places

test:  generate an image of the given data .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   custom
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_eval .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  run command line filters through command line arguments matching the file .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   filters
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on negatives .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   slab
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   returns
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a list of topic trees .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this decorator that causes a function that may have been initialized .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a boolean indicating whether value is a valid string or a final exception .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  extract all nothing from the fileobj group .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  extract   messages
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  takes a string and returns a dictionary of found in all possible characters .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request to have a problem as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  submits   a
truth:  to   request

test:  computes a t-test operator for methods of the given expression .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  set   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cast an object to a applicable credentials and figure out an object .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  prompts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package using pip install folder1/folder2 .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  compares two package versions .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  tell   find
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with expected data .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   classification
truth:  test   classification

test:  removes all values of a dictionary .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  catches catches of a user .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  validates   checks
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  find a name by its fully qualified name .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  return   find
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns the since a country mobile mobile mobile country code .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   tokens
truth:  returns   returns

test:  in order to test django .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   classes

test:  extract fields from log fields .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  download setuptools from the specified directory and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for the setuptools .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  downloads   setuptools
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  upload a key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a g_{n .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  take a number of seconds and returns the same time as integer .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  null   time
truth:  return   a

test:  get timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time time period .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  shut down the specified number .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  detect whether we are transparency transparency .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   window

test:  return true if the module does not throw an exception .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  efficiently yield the full path to a unattended directory .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  return   configure
truth:  yield   path

test:  return a vpc peering connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  return   details
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper to create source code to a tuple .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  escapes   attempts
truth:  converts   a

test:  test if text is able to color space .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   null
truth:  colorized   test

test:  serialize obj to a file like object .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert text to bytes .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  return the tabular model instance .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns all job id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if input is related to the time .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return the gradient for linear statistic for function that will be used for cases in the linear layer .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  makes   linear

test:  get data view from mne object instance .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   data
truth:  get   data

test:  helper function to find a dict of metadata dirs in a dict .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a julian address to a julian .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   output
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a dask bag of many dask .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  null   bag

test:  a generator of room that returns time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  generate   timestamp
truth:  time   time

test:  test updating some meta data .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  null   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  create a model with a configuration model .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns the rank of a matrix .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  encode a set of folders and build a list of folders => each shell .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  need   need

test:  note: must be present .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensures   null

test:  returns a dict with the current differences names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience function to create a multi-index fd .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  broadcast   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  performs a datetime for the given user .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters by the project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  clone a repo .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  combines changed files of bytes to a file .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  return   list
truth:  svn   svn

test:  a decorator that caches a test if a works on parameters passed to the wrapped file object .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the build platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  get all defined service types .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given url has a valid domain scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the binary path of the huge buffer .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a timestamp into a datetime object .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove scores that are equal to the correct numpy array with the right line of scores and dtype .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  cleans   changes
truth:  issue   issue

test:  read and return the request rate .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  simulate the input operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the old log paths to the os .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  change   handler
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate legacy models that has the same db as filtered by the db .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  check   guid

test:  fixture to set the etreefx lxml to test .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  left is sql like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper method to reverse get parameters from the view .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  null   version

test:  check if an absolute url resolves against the absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  if   return
truth:  test   wether

test:  test that reports to ensure that its are available .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  if no kernel is available .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  installed   tests
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return true if the given repository id is malicious in the repository revision and subsequently changeset the repository changeset .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  temporarily change the previous patch after the test .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns tip .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  split   split

test:  check if we are using python executable on os .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  require a mysql package name .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  name   null
truth:  package   package

test:  deregister a class with the given compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  required   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a script with the salts sample .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  check   demonstration
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  submit described by sending a job to the queue .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  submit   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match groups takes them takes a feature and action .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the discrete log of a prime shanks of a given prime .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   create
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to the clade model c .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  parse   models
truth:  null   models

test:  channel release complete section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  release   tmsi
truth:  null   mode

test:  called at the end of the main process .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  rebuild   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  returns an ssh key for a given host .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a scene name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  recursively convert all nodes or reverted to the corresponding python tree .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  returns a pandas clusters of an array of arrays .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  syntax like get_all_stats but for a trivial error .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  translate   u12
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  legacy a str to a list of dicts .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  raising   type
truth:  convert   a

test:  to be called when an iterable fails .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  instruct   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  validates whether a model is valid and contains a valid metadata .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that span more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  use   use

test:  iterate through the given iterator symbols .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  yield   null

test:  check if a client is in the given path .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  query   consul

test:  some sphere function .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generate   days
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the first argument of a function .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the executable can check on the system .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  convert an arbitrary multimodal into something that auto-redrawing in a nice test for hh:mm:ss an expression .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  like   a
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the word with a word in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  adds   a

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  print the string .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  exception   log
truth:  print   print

test:  returns the composite transform of a transform from a to a unix polygon .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  arrays   null
truth:  create   a

test:  build current systems copy of current also copy .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints the usage of a given video .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get vault value .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  read   a
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  checks the keys of the keys in the list .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  tokens   a
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  patches a binary client to load a new database .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  migrate   fixture
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  compute arma for arma with arma decomposition parameters ar : int number of lags for arma : int number of lags for each sample constant returns arma : int number
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  generate   correlation
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  returns the name of the pid running on the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  name   name

test:  retrieve the list of repository ids from the current repository .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a user exists on the given database name .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively execute a statement that potentially available .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  return the first set of the mchoicefield .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  start a machine after its name .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a shell command on a remote host cli example: .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  blocks the machine code and returns a web state .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  convert   output
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  updates a datetime to the current datetime for the given user with object .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  updates   last_created_an_exploration
truth:  records   records

test:  returns a list of command names from a given list of comments .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  read   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the sigmoid sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  uses   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  factory function for creating a function for a cffi type .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  detach a process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  throw   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a user using a user .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  test   user

test:  returns the description of a list of lines from a lines .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   a

test:  drop all the versions for this release .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  return   database
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns c{true} if *obj* is a synsets .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  check to see if a given apikey exists .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  function   check
truth:  check   check

test:  lowess of a lowess function for calculating of several samples using the same matrices as an observed operation .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  count   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the cache used to compute the snippets used to launch .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  set   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  take a 48-bit checksum of a 48-bit file .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  take   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  collects a set of computation graph and initial graph .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  train   serialize
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer number .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a into a column number of shape and 1 .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  creates   f
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a single slice from the groups .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   return
truth:  decode   a

test:  given a l{memoryreactor} request .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  write   checks
truth:  encode   a

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  given   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup tellstick sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  given a list of upageviews revisions .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  default   a
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  works   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version header with custom bytes .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   distutils
truth:  save   history

test:  return the user instance from request or request if it exists .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  temporarily set the given debug level to the given debug level .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  do   null
truth:  change   change

test:  restart the specified service cli example: .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  marks   restart
truth:  is   null

test:  restrict input type to positive integer .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  input   input

test:  wait to wait for the current page to see it .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  run   include
truth:  make   null

test:  a providers for when a response has a valid kwargs .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  initialize   calling
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  registers a custom custom alias with the given alias .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   add
truth:  register   a

test:  add domain names to domain .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  add   arguments
truth:  registers   new

test:  save the settings to the existing setting for the given setting .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer stored stored in the number of messages .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the modbus sensor .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should extract tabular step correctly into tabular step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a browser window .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup a modbus smart sensor .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  determine if a fixed fixed consume .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  determine   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  generates spherical bessel bessel bessel function of degree n in degree .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  generates   polynomial
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  get the http auth url for http request .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  get   list
truth:  try   try

test:  read data from a file-like object and return the contents of the category .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  validates whether parameters passed to be a argsort .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   categorical

test:  loads the session object from the request and returns it .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a str into utf-8 encoded string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  loads and returns a kernel image from the kernel .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  return   get
truth:  load   load

test:  sets the current line on the given column .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change the username of a username cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   function
truth:  change   a

test:  create a association resource .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  step fails with text entities .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  null   step
truth:  step   step

test:  add a block cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  make sure detection works with transformations and see it .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a clip name to a clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  applies   use
truth:  if   null

test:  test multiple of different values .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the location of the untracked files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a zone from a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert the results of combining input into a set of column tuples .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   response

test:  compares out items for closed tuples that have closed cart cart .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return test cases in the iam iam test world .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  make   number
truth:  is   null

test:  check if the object instance is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list of all the locales locales in the page .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect signals from the defined discussion .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   block
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  sets a string to a list of string .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  function   code
truth:  null   null

test:  read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  return the default stim stim types .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  default   stim

test:  replace the cache with the specified pillar flag .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  unsets   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  add a request to a url .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure an ast filename is ignored .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  make   handle
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep suspend .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  suspend   back
truth:  put   put

test:  check if a collection is a sorted collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make markdown extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  set a networks for sgml/xml/html .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  is   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  update the users config script .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  check if the state parameter is available .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  make   none
truth:  if   test

test:  tail tail of 1-d file .
truth: from url . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  have   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  constant-time constant-time .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  register a service in a friendly service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  profiling   a
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: warning should not use on non-existant important .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  test   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  compute the eigenvector centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve a timezone of the given timestamp .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the exponential link with multiple images .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  function   null
truth:  -   -

test:  removes senderkey from senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete an existing key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the given package id for the package .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  is it a pathname .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test user to delete user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  merging   test
truth:  default   default

test:  group a user id and group id from a group .
truth: same as os . 
test:  chown   permissions
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if one or more packages have already packages .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  output   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email after purchase after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  retrieve -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  provide   pid
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  load the backend backend for the named backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  build   build
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure we can tokenize in css to tokenize in the l{pyamf .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that its possible to do it can be read as root .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create an autoscaler .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if user can download report .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  if   tests

test:  optimization that sampled or gpu objects in pycuda .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  null   gpusparseblockgemv
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a string into a process .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  string   converts
truth:  process   a

test:  create an attribute from an attribute string .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  make   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  map the given list of inputs to the inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  count   return
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  return an image object describing all image verbose : boolean toggle helpful for which verbose : boolean toggle toggle verbose output cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns current connection cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   policy
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the dot product of a complex polygon .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  run stub and start hosts .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  run   html
truth:  control   control

test:  return a regular preprocessing .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  format   a

test:  returns a cluster that maps an n-dimensional array to a numpy array of pairs .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a version of within a django within its version .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a remote method and return the docker .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  add a profile entry for a specified node .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  set   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return true if a and b are identical .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  null   return
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the users user exists .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string that can be used to converted converted to a string .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if path is a symlink .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the windows literal as a unicode string .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  context   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize bookmark completions .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add group type to group types .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  add   group
truth:  access   access

test:  return the user data home directory if it doesnt exists .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  get   try
truth:  return   return

test:  get a tls url from the certs header .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a text directive as a list of arguments .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid tuple .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  return a list of the activation function called by the defined defined in beta .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find a ready for a given name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  remove either a path or folder if it does not exist .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  view to report a group .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  wraps   view
truth:  to   view

test:  set a set of events on the minion cli example: .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  set   result
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group cli example to be deleted .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  exclude event and exclude components on plaintext components .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create a pool on a specified pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   image
truth:  create   a

test:  given two numbers .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network inventory from network device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   network
truth:  print   print

test:  used to get an blockdeviceapi config .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  utility to determine if the given object is a instance of the given object .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  transform a unique id from the supplied surface to a optional frame .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate a string through the context .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  output   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get all notifications for other nodes .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   notifications

test:  should be shown out of a logging .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  null   image
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  dummy view for getting an existing production code .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  verify   signature

test:  converts a [ path to a dotted field .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  used   null

test:  match the user headers .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  to   credentials
truth:  ask   null

test:  compute an approximation to the frame .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  print   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the full status .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   process
truth:  get   get

test:  read the nih image from file .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  reads   laplace
truth:  read   read

test:  returns list of distance groupings from /proc/stat as a list of column groups .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  matches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set up image called from root directory .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  remove   permissions
truth:  clean   up

test:  given a date and party date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  set   set

test:  check a responses to verify the generated libvirt responses and auth dbms .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  set   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  null   context
truth:  shows   shows

test:  converts a datetime instance to a timestamp .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  creates a new region .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  send   context
truth:  to   value

test:  raises a native thread if the current process is not available .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function returns a httpresponse that returns a jar .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   render
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a boolean indicating the datastore descendants on the given instance .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager to change the current virtualenv of a virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  a context manager which adds the current engine to insert the given engine .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  make   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  recursively load a module path from the given module path .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  assign   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the psd of a sequence .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   class
truth:  compute   a

test:  given a list of course instances .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  checks if a file is used to be used .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  if   a
truth:  file   file

test:  returns a function that raises an exception if a * kw is not available .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  make a tree class .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  sort   mark
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure the named grafana target is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return a wrapped string of file with specified name and properly replaced with it .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  read   return
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator to coerce a container id to a container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  assures   null

test:  return a schema class instance .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   factory
truth:  get   get

test:  parse lists as described by rfc 2045 chars .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  dump info with prefix .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  print   msg
truth:  dump   info

test:  ensure elements of operators is raised when the tests .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  get   package
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update sailthru marketing marketing by email address .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  update   list
truth:  enable   enable

test:  makes sure the path is something out .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implement   null

test:  update cloudpipe .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  add   a
truth:  update   update

test:  load the stack data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculate the google_calendar_devices size of the given image .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the promo image .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in one format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  split issues into a line and their table .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup a hyperion climate platform .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract the default value from a string like object .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  add   control
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to write metadata to file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  function   function

test:  auth request using django auth .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  default   information
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is not loaded the tipc module is loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator that makes sure each argument passed in an input .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  null   null
truth:  chained   a

test:  drop a list of keys from a list of files .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  like   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  set preprint providers providers .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  set   sync
truth:  populate   populate

test:  automatically creates a new profile .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  add   a
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  convert a file or a directory into a glob filesystem cli example: .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* points from a human readable segmentation on the input individuals .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  load a database from a json blob .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  get   line
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the given file .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   html
truth:  writes   null

test:  fail decorator to skip test if the decorated test fails .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  test   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  cleanup flowgrams in tarball .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  clean   a

test:  create and add a function to a local python object .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  convert   instance
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  request   return
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a nice test .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  stops   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  utility function to compute the always mode against a dct of two sets .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  deprecated   function
truth:  convolve   x

test:  checks if one of two t-test matrices is multilabel .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  removes a certain file .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  recursive   null

test:  parses all vispy vispy .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  filters   list
truth:  import   import

test:  check if a part of the input part of a line is a part of the argument .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test that when we are not part of a wheel wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warn   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag for the dirty flag .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  rolls   back

test:  returns the correlation .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  join   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the targets gt between xywh and requested targets .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  fetch   mute
truth:  given   ground

test:  kill a process and name .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  kill   none
truth:  null   routine

test:  superimposes two inverted images on a first simple genes .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  return   dispatcher
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  given   null
truth:  find   find

test:  return the max difference between two vectors .
truth: compute np . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   np

test:  write the given file to a file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   return
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  check that sparse oneclasssvm with sparse oneclasssvm .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  retrieve the first api handlerdef and display the :type user: list .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate setup .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  validates   validates

test:  get the list of completions objects for this object .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   info

test:  get user copy of a desktop desktop .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the itunes light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a custom tags from a list of tags .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  make   null
truth:  take   a

test:  parses a html list from a dictionary and return a formatted string .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return a list of sets of arrays .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get page context info .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the system encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  return   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns a dictionary representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete a bookmark from the old track .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   operation
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the contents of a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns valid python objects .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  null   a

test:  get the current secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   appscale

test:  decode a string to js .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  normalize the data .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  processes   normalize
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a track function that creates a custom track for use .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  make   a

test:  convert a uid id to a user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   checks
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a new app instance .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-lobatto quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind of points .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  given list of tokens .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  dedent the indent .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  dedent   null

test:  prints pprint and user info .
truth: list all users . 
test:  null   show
truth:  list   list

test:  waits for a job to return the desired worker .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  raise   null

test:  compare surfaces on surfaces .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  compare   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  write a human-readable tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   decodes
truth:  print   a

test:  takes a list of corrected commands and returns a generator of commands .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  return a white white of the requested results of the requested results .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   send
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  generates a hash hash of a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a shell version of text .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  text   text

test:  get authentication token associated with a button .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  exception   arguments
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a nuttall nuttall .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the tp is 0 .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  checks   compare
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that enforces the current error .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  is   null

test:  iterate over corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  helper function to split the labels into a list of tuples .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate a function with a caller on a function .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  determine a dictionary of default database options for a given options .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  get   default
truth:  null   type

test:  wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  get a specific engine engine if it exists .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns an http httplib object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  search for releases with a release-group-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a function using matplotlib/tk .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  create a tree of all the trees clades .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  search   search

test:  finds all packages older versions of a particular path .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  pop the context from the current thread .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write a fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  add a timezone to a given file .
truth: factory function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns an organization class by its name .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   api

test:  simply return input .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  escaped   text
truth:  text   text

test:  a simple helper that returns a handle to a response .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  null   a

test:  return whether args should be passed to the named key .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   null

test:  a little helper method that returns the csrf token .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  view   view
truth:  context   processor

test:  determine the default group of the named user cli example: .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  set   in
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read an iterator until it is a single string .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the set of overrides that need to be given as overrides .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : enum_item id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets all subscription information for a document .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   subscription

test:  helper to add ipv6 address to ipv6 address .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   a
truth:  rules   rules

test:  helper method to create a magic mime type from a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  add users to an existing group .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  add   users
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate an sha512 encoded hmac+sha512 of the specified string .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  compute   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new review default factory .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   arguments
truth:  create   a

test:  extract the hash of a step .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns a function that accepts the current stack trace .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python string .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  given   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a table exists .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  encodes data to utf-8 and then be .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   cdata
truth:  escape   a

test:  convert a long integer into a human readable integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  inverse of sequence in which does not contain any homopolymer characters .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  parse   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  test for test_pickle .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  null   os

test:  echo calls to a session and then echo it .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  function   a
truth:  test   test

test:  create a security group .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  default   default

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a new returner unconditionally unconditionally .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot one or more search components .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock patching the user is reversed after pytest .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a volume object in the db .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the variable is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module instances from its modules .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   a

test:  return true if the specified package is poweroff cli example: .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   power

test:  computes a dictionary of label labels .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   change
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a pathname of the directory path .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  replace   tuples
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns a list of all topics sent to a given region .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  find the greedy policy for a given number of randomly actions .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  tests   links
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic-string-scriptler a string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dict of all images on this image .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  null   retry
truth:  return   return

test:  given a sequence of key/value pairs .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a version string using the cryptographic-friendly version .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  build   dict
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop accept section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   service
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  if the passed argument is a draws release .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   classes
truth:  return   return

test:  check if the specified table exists in the current context .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a url if a request has completed the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  return   list
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated boolean .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  alternate shell gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns a subset of any items in the given list .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   a

test:  return a button button object .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  null   a
truth:  hide   hide

test:  return a copy of an arbitrary object .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  return a safe copy of the string .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  produce a unique tree that can be built to a custom tree .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  find   function
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the fiedler clustering of nodes in one of the graph .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   a

test:  unsolve a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  view   null
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run one or more suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a list of available security groups cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  template   template

test:  format the method from a method graph to a n-dimensional format .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  export   method

test:  return a dictionary for ranges that are ready for each fieldvalue .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   store
truth:  process   part

test:  converts camel-case style names into camel-case .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  converts   metric
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  get the best match between two powerpath .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  split   a
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update yaml versions .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  adds   versions
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that the named database is present name the name of the database to create name of the virtual host to connect to the name of the virtual host .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that the process can be initialized .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  null   a

test:  given a class .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test that an iterator behaves like a provided path .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate a pair of the alloc timedelta .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   legacy
truth:  allocate   a

test:  convert an absolute path to a dense path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  read   copies
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read flat parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  retry a test for a vm this function takes a new flaky argument .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  run   factory
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the user jail .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with col delimiters .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  null   read
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with all the request input and post values .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a string with the given number .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return unique host from an iterable of pairs .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  -c a template to the current page .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test that variable missing .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  use   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove discussion tab tab tab for the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  cast solr to string .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  convert   seconds
truth:  extract   slug

test:  given a page of page sizes .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  get   page

test:  prints all the information for each header in the given basis .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  negotiate websocket .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  format   request
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize release .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  call   null
truth:  clone   clone

test:  performs a jacobian matrix for the jacobian matrix .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  indices   null
truth:  return   return

test:  function that processes vendor parameters from the model or obtain the model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  string   string
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  masks the temporarily and exit with a certain location .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  debug   content
truth:  quit   null

test:  update an api request .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test test_sanity that have a spam folder labeled labeled labeled labeled when they have a folder labeled labeled labeled labeled labeled labeled labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  determine the sizes of the ico map .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  checks that the password can be updated by the password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  sets   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  write the configuration file to a configuration file .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  builds   null

test:  download and build a swarm and then build it .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  build   master
truth:  download   download

test:  return the lpol matrix of all fima .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  coefficients   function
truth:  null   representation

test:  generates a password hash algorithm of the given password .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  function   function

test:  sends the pending menu to the user .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  finds   sets
truth:  shows   a

test:  calculate the getdefaulttimeout match match the given number of bytes .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  null   null

test:  constructs the pool pool for the current thread .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  fetch   returns
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the trivial trivial graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is a terminal item .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page number link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  check that an error was found in the software python interpreter .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test copy of data .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a filename .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  check   search
truth:  given   grep

test:  return true if current configuration has been activated .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  create   test
truth:  config   config

test:  return a boolean containing the regex from the given string .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  string   escape
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for media request .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   a
truth:  search   search

test:  checks that the user is in .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  drops   drops

test:  fixture providing a sessionmanager object from a cloud project .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  fixture   test
truth:  patches   patches

test:  unmount a kapacitor bazaar file cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  suspend   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  execute an apache command with the passed name cli example: .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  prepares   changes
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  checks if a string is a valid python binary .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  set log level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create a mode for the given course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  add   a

test:  ensure we can fail a translated worker .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  check   decipher
truth:  model   a

test:  return true if the given agent is a buggy agent .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   css

test:  check if the query fields is editable .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  if   runs
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe and erpnext to bench .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   ipython
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value from string representation of coercion .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  value   returns
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns the differential equation *num* on a and b .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  null   risch
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate an email with a user with the provided user object .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  return   user

test:  encode a python string using imap .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  encode   decorator
truth:  if   python

test:  returns an ssh version .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp part of a snmp integer as a string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  load   fill
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  get parameters for interacting with current api key and cache it .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  get   null
truth:  show   current

test:  returns true if running can have the given file or directory .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  check   node
truth:  return   return

test:  marks a new object as new functions to make it easier to test without the context .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a constructed content for the cached cached location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the cookie should be a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  returns   datachars
truth:  return   return

test:  use numbers to count the number of numbers that are equal .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  convert   counts
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : direct_abstract_declarator lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize an array to an array of ones .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute samples for samples in an array .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the fixed ip .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   null

test:  helper function to create an array of integers .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  converts   vector3
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that evensequencessubsetiterator can be created as a list of sequences .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  wrapper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  load   enum
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks that the passed type is a fixed type .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  marks a view function as being a view decorator .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  getting   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test an unknown completion for unknown shell .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  null   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to ensure the specified aggregate is created .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a string into an sql text .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  return   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function builds a feature feature and returns list of features .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the like representation of an expression .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  error   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that yields newlines .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate from a keychain keychain the keychain to install keychain the keychain to use to install the keychain keychain password the keychain the keychain .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the current server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  trigger   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  display command to display .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  ask   command
truth:  command   command

test:  decrypts a hash using the given hash algorithm .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  clip   null
truth:  based   null

test:  validate a fake registration registration zone .
truth: register the device . 
test:  creates   metrics
truth:  register   register

test:  calculate the set of data from a given file .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  read   run
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns true/false if the given user can view the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return shortest path length from source to target in a weighted graph .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path of the sympy .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  get   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment team .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a udp server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  deletes   reset
truth:  remove   containers

test:  get modified time of a module .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  package   package
truth:  return   return

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  like   decorator_from_middleware
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary keys .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  dictionary   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  display the unicode text from the node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge one or more *seqs keys into another .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete a metadef object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the xblocks xblocks for a specified xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  allows an error that failed to call audit audit failure .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   conda
truth:  hack   hack

test:  return mongodb roles cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  remove   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  import and return a module .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  import   import
truth:  to   attempt

test:  validate resource limits .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  display   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns square-free degree of lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   utc
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should correctly parse regular steps into a step step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decompress string input for a string .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  given   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get the hardware address for a given ipv6 address .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  convert   container
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve local file system path on partition .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   users
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   quota
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether remote events on or off :return: a string of events :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   get
truth:  displays   null

test:  compute the multiplication of a sound function .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  returns   polar
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress information section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  complete   section
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to strip a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  empty   prewitt
truth:  optimized   null

test:  output the expected value for each argument on a separate code .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  compute   everything
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type p section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  helper function to return the mqtt connection information about the machine .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   api

test:  sends a phone number to phone_number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  create a devicerecord metric dict .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   create

test:  return a bool telling if the passed ip is a filter .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return notes representation of notes in given notes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  parse   use
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   attachments
truth:  running   running

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if a module doesnt exist .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach the user story story to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   data
truth:  attach   null

test:  update the version number for the aws release and revision .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   no
truth:  update   version

test:  logs a particular analytics strategy for a given analytics strategy .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  track   access
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering complete section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  updating   use
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ global address in provided address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the specified year .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  function   interface
truth:  score   score

test:  return a validate of a form that will turn on a pair of a correct cluster .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  build   attempts
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with the pixel to the pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  return true if command is available on the system .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new qwebpage with the specified element and wait until it doesnt exist .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  if   null
truth:  click   click

test:  return a snapshot of a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this function is called to test mocking .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  null   json
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a queryset of all matches the ids given by the ids and ids .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  running   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  recursively resolve fields passed in type .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  like   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns a dict of all the studio accessible courses .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  list   parses
truth:  list   list

test:  replace a theano function that returns the theano mode .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  make   plugin
truth:  simplify   a

test:  hash a password for creating ldap ldap server .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   get
truth:  hash   a

test:  decodes a entity_pb .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  copies   read
truth:  prepares   null

test:  compute the keys of two arrays .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  get   tests
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test format for realigned .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   localization
truth:  using   test

test:  convert the value into a boolean like so: .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  convert   boolean
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write the packet .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  write   null

test:  gets the contents of a restify file .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  call a function for interval .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  run   returns
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure the named job is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  given a list of file objects .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   a

test:  delete pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  if   null
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the specified user is installed with installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  constructs a change of a directed attribute that can be close to the given environment .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  create   a

test:  allocate a floating ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  join a line in a graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that no options should get values .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the total entropy of the target .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  evaluate the logistic loss .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  expand   parsing
truth:  computes   null

test:  use a list of named values .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  yield   values
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of policy names from a user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  enables building a message to stderr .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the value of a named tuple .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test classes classes containing serie serie .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   classes

test:  returns the region code for a valid region .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  plot an image and return it as a list of image .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  converts a string into a standardized byte string .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  null   helper

test:  takes a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary and returns a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  encoder using api .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  retrieves the size of the device size for the given device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator for views that checks if the user is logged in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates multiple ngram set .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  duplicates   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind values to an httplib2 clause .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  applies   input
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   decodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a random inspecton variable given the rng argument .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a long .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a filename in the given url .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  fixture providing a readlinebridge .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the info of a d-bus file .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   a

test:  find a xenapi host from the xenapi server .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create place items .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  parse a json response and converts it into an html response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format from path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  formats a last-modified date string for the given year .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake web-history object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all packages found within directory where where where should be converted .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the symmetric group of order n as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clear all registered logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  an exception handler for semi-definite .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  error   windows
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the open file for a given file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compute   md5

test:  displays a multiline string .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  string   text
truth:  text   text

test:  get an object by name .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects faces in the file located in the given image .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   download
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of sorted list of sorted table .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a datetime object for the first discrete supported by the format .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  return the minimal minimal thread for the given thread .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  update   a
truth:  set   set

test:  split a stop and a post-order attribute from an attribute .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  return a random job of prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that the given string is a percent field .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  parses date log between units and locator .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write the string to the filename .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  write   data
truth:  writes   null

test:  return true if the given filename matches the given filename .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   return
truth:  see   null

test:  internal method to interact at user-provided .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  gets   start
truth:  initialize   null

test:  negative negative values .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return list of indent hint .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  return   a

test:  testing with double quotes snippets into double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke panel from task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  revoke   task

test:  return a set of unique elements of an object .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a python command on a python host .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  null   python
truth:  start   a

test:  allow social auth to be social .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   social
truth:  load   current

test:  checks that the test needs a valid datastore error .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  test reading unbounded table with unbounded right column .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  read   prewitt
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  translates   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse a string of a file into a list of all words .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  iterates   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  adds a pair of the given namespace to the space .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  add   a
truth:  populate   populate

test:  return an md5 hash of the given file .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  base64   base64

test:  cast an argument to a corresponding type .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  selects   truncate
truth:  to   attempts

test:  helper function to format time string .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  provides a template that renders a bootstrap messages .
truth: show django . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  show   django

test:  returns true if the given path is within the context of the given dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  if   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  run the given function using the given name .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  function   get
truth:  given   a

test:  language: pt-br -> language class with french french .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  set warnings .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  name   warning
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and files .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  prepares logging for the program .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  logging   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return the progress element given a path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of labels .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  returns   bytes
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated backoff using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion pdp context activation section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  accept   release
truth:  control   control

test:  return default sound of handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  print   a
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check the environment variables for max_depth :return: the user or none if an exception is not found or none .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   user

test:  generates a short group of a given string .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  reverse of [as .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  is   drop
truth:  search   search

test:  return the bom of an image file .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load the strikes data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   return
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  djangos   page
truth:  default   default

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  to   command
truth:  null   a

test:  writes a string representation of a regular expression .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test installing from a pypi pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  decorator that disables a request to a handle the given tenant .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse a dict and return a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get flavor list available instance sizes passed in the spec spec .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  sorts   undo
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the current linux distribution cli example: .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the log of the appropriate log of a log matrix .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  normalize   x

test:  standard filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  select   a
truth:  null   method

test:  profile line using pixels .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a unicode string to a unicode element .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns true if the given file is a compilable file .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the capitalized for a given prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  ensure mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is changed .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   mapnode
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  performs a permission requests with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  executes a prompt for the user .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  execute   up
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   statement

test:  this is a sort sort of the from_file graph .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  transform   checks
truth:  null   field

test:  returns image version from putmask data .
truth: return major . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load an image from a file .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if primer seqs allowed allowed has any of the given primer .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  walk   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if a view should be create .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the generic distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  if text is a valid text value .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  returns   decodes
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve response data from a ethernet response code .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  join an or-ed series of shifts for the first line .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  finds the class registered for the given alias or alias or alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns true if running can have the given file or directory .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  map   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a hosts file to an existing resource .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  query   generate
truth:  returns   a

test:  test digital and target + source input_fasta_fp: for mlp .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  check   test
truth:  create   a

test:  write info about the given file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  write   null
truth:  generate   info

test:  returns true if tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method that is used to create a draft as a draft .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  expect   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if redis python module is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  check if system coefficients is a scipy .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  issue a deprecation exception class to a python module .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   version
truth:  hook   hook

test:  simple natural sort .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  applies   a

test:  checks if configs is available .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  to   load
truth:  if   checks

test:  a dummy view to override the current theme class .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  creates all tests in a given directory .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get element from a nested list .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  return   a
truth:  nested   get

test:  parses a matrix and a dictionary of lines .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  converted   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  given a list of groups .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  normalize   function
truth:  map   map

test:  lock a file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  wrap   entry
truth:  file   file

test:  start a unique hash algorithm to store the following public key .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  password   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the coordinate grid of a directed instance .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  add given suffix to an xml file .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  add   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  set a new home directory to prevent home processes to store the user .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  change   change

test:  setup a mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  gets a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  function   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  wrapper around human readable form .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns composite transform for a sampled graph .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  add the value to the list table .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  tests whether a numpy .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  sort keys based on a list of values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  sort   key
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks the default widget type for a widget .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  cut a child process .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compare two images and a scoped image .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  return   prewitt
truth:  compute   compute

test:  verify that a string is a valid shorthand for being replaced by the given host .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  direct the minimal lists .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  loop   get
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  replace the item at the given item with relevant items .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   a
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for the application to finish .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  poll   call
truth:  func   func

test:  unpack lines from references: data .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  a validator helper for hunts 1 .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the open ip address .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to put the specified host system for this vmware host cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  flattens   exception
truth:  take   null

test:  return a suitable continued length for a keepass x+3 .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a key=value content to it with the current unscoped .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  estimate   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate a set of points for a given set of points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generate   points
truth:  points   points

test:  creates a string from a breadcrumbs breadcrumb .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the loops going through the list of complex inside the given loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns random integer value with digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a string as a datetime .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  we need to serialize the classes of a given object .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   function

test:  fixture to provide a fake test that exposes the test suite .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  detect   fixture
truth:  return   a

test:  change the database to a tablespace alter .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   a
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change radio of the channel .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm sequence of float events and return as list of e-mail objects .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   lsm

test:  return the working directory of the given job id .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   current

test:  preload utility to preload a new audio delay .
truth: get streams . 
test:  parse   remove
truth:  get   streams

test:  formats a human readable object .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  format   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  compute modified types of two independent samples .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  match   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if a given tour is complete .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  helper for has_repository_dependencies .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a language is a language patterns .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  jahnke-emden to return the first power of the second kind .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   numbers

test:  send a message to hipchat hipchat .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  replace   send
truth:  sending   message

test:  make a new request to a new request and run it .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper method to get user and api user and project .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  build   a
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  given a url that may or may not have a query parameter .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  parse   encoding
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  a helper for creating erfa .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a device is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that key names in the list of key names are valid .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validates   list
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide only for the byte_length hfa because of the byte_length whose dependencies are wrong t .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse a string and return the given host object .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  restart the specified zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  launch   person
truth:  boot   boot

test:  returns a human-readable graph reference to a path .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  return   output
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   reference

test:  differentiate and return a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  group the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   columns
truth:  set   set

test:  get a single doctype object for this doctype returns none if it doesnt exist .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the programs of a given file .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   legendre
truth:  get   get

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  determine if the first ip is a valid ip address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  if   return
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  show a single fiff file for the given fiff .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   show
truth:  show   show

test:  check if a block contains a special parameters .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  add items to the given page .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  returns the path of the html .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  map   a

test:  restore comments and place them into comments .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   fix
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given data structure .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return all packages packages within a given where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where where
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an input to a qt path and return it .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  returns   element
truth:  like   like

test:  get the float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install zfs task .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  install   zfs

test:  add a new organization cli examples: .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a prevents test method that tests pass the given keys .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether the given flash are marked as a dictionary of fields .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  new milestone form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   milestone

test:  filter out consumer in a consumer .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  find the digit value in a given width .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   get
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  marks a constraint for types that when one types or correct .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  default zone to stop a zone cli example: .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  default   default

test:  numbers for calling two numbers .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  null   output
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts the etree element to a subscription subscription .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  iterates   entities
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload files to a copy of working directory .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  remove   longjob
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a timedelta option .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   notify
truth:  test   a

test:  a simple way for computing the same output as controlb .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs from the given repository .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  objects   objects

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  check if pep8 is installed .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  verifies   checks
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the first rank of the rank for the given set of inside the path .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of files from a user .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  ask for a filename to be used .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cast an enum to int or int .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  construct a variable of a variable from a variable .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  recursive helper function for <query> .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  used to destroy a session .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  to   null
truth:  destroy   session

test:  gets the list of named named graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the url for the given image .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the main element of a certain scalar or cover_photo .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an image into a pixel image and downscales it as needed by c3d parameters im numpy array an image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  resizes   converts
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  close all lines in the following situations: - close to the current contents of a multi-line multi-line .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  lock   null
truth:  based   null

test:  decorator: always returns a bound method .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  set   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  get a client for the rpm resource .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  registers an existing request .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  known   configuration
truth:  null   null

test:  check if we can make sure that it is network on a tensor .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  test for markdown file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  create a private system with a hostname cli example: .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  retrieve system roles .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  determine the vector and a timestamp of the last modified .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  required   null
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  method an http client logged in the context and being an api method of the hug hug .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  matches   checks
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a random integer of an iterable of samples .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return true if given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a database object .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the following examples .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  comic version of git support .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  execute   string
truth:  git   git

test:  allow turning resets how to do not work in the new-style .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  given   check
truth:  to   test

test:  define a module function for define & define a module argument .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  given   null
truth:  define   a

test:  set the value of a memcache parameter .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  test that the current time has passed .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  function   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of sets of nodes in an iterable .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing argument .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   test
truth:  show   show

test:  a factory method for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  null   return
truth:  based   null

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  stub function to make it queue to another queue .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch changes from a remote host .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  logs an error if its a pointing episode .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  return   find
truth:  log   history

test:  milliseconds out the console and logout .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  control   login
truth:  using   testing

test:  look up authorization in the system .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  construct   grain
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the distance between two points .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{set} dictionary .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade as auto_close_date by removing the auto_close_date line at the auto_close_date addr .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  creates   site
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  in two entropy of an image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  fixed   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  should be used to audio prior to get a histogram .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  return   a
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions %} .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  include   tag
truth:  usage   usage

test:  inject tags of the database .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  injects   null

test:  test if an output is raised if there is no bundle .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  check   logs
truth:  missing   a

test:  merge subclass from docstring into domname module .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  take   load
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the named user with the provided user .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  update   a
truth:  config   config

test:  check that the user can access to the caller .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  check   check
truth:  function   function

test:  wraps djangos rules around some machine can be used .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  label   return
truth:  null   builder

test:  determine if the directory is an alter .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  if   get
truth:  given   a

test:  subroutine to create a double double double client .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  stack   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return a string corresponding to a function name .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve retrieve quotas associated with an image .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  get   current
truth:  called   method

test:  set the gpu fraction of an fraction object .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   points
truth:  set   set

test:  constructs a document .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  check   correlation
truth:  append   append

test:  ensure a user is changed to the new record .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  remove   up
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the sum of the first element of the given iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the host size of the host memory buffer for the given host object .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  null   increment
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list of folders .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dll name to a dll and converts the same name to a dll file .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  filter a list of filters from a dict of predicate .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the given request .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  clebsch test objective function .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  forces   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return message id .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the name of a backend handling .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  return   return
truth:  backend   backend

test:  return a subset of all images that are on the other .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  convert   candidates
truth:  determines   null

test:  retrieves the container name container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  moves   state
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get the first key is the correct version of the key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   comparison

test:  gets a number of all number of country calling code from a phone number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  input   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a profile id associated with a given service name .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  takes a list of integers and returns a string .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  join   null
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the limit of documents is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively dereference a pytree tree from its information on the pytree .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   uuid
truth:  set   set

test:  run metagenomeseqs fitzig algorithm through rscript .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  uses   vm
truth:  run   run

test:  find a conda environment for a given path .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  return   return
truth:  supplied   null

test:  restrict forward given forward series .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  like   eeg
truth:  restrict   null

test:  read the current traffic configuration from the network device .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   variable
truth:  read   traffic

test:  generate a new addon application for the given addon .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set inner variables to compare for later information .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  check   items
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  retrieve an discovery doc .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  null   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a list of elements of an array or none .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  render a python object with its buffer .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  renders   run
truth:  create   a

test:  return an integer for a debug type given a type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  gets   index
truth:  get   a

test:  create directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get a sorted list of keys for a given cluster .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  check for ufunc that we can cast to the given inputs .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  null   variant

test:  add and download a video file from the given language code .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   context
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test edf with edf .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  file   guess
truth:  set   set

test:  return the vms project name .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  calculate the nesting for a goal period between two datetime and end .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get eip fail .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  uninstall   arguments
truth:  error   error

test:  return the storage repository to hold vm images .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency does upgrade when the requirements requirements satisfies a dependency .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add an x intersection for the loops .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  runs the given target with the given target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   content
truth:  unmount   a

test:  convert a document from a url to a dict .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   encoding
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if the given subprocess is a shell calls .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  updates an existing representation of an existing viewpoint object .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  view   episode
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of available images cli example: .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  run the main application from the master .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extract a documentation of start of a stack network .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  a filter for generating generating generating .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  finds   remove
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  do the actual trace of the given trace .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  boolean   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a simple free graph of the specified graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for a gcode file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  include   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given path is hidden .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  find a list of files that can be used as a list of netscape classes .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   output
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  find the cover of the given image using the container container id .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a notification notification setting .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   a

test:  build a single tree tree from a string .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  build   null
truth:  create   a

test:  format the payload dictionary into a pair .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  format   a
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a schema schema that is validation for the given interface .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a unique token for given key .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generate   build
truth:  generates   a

test:  raise exception if resource has custom fields .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  like   action
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  release media library object .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   media
truth:  get   media

test:  construct list of files in a given directory based on the filename and associated with those completion .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  build   build
truth:  given   null

test:  retrieve information about an existing connection .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  get   a
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get the loop from the circle nodes .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  conditionally conditionally x[a][b] .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  marathon when a container is created .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  list all known namespaces cli example: .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  module   render
truth:  provide   information

test:  initiate out the handle handle to a student request .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  initiate   course
truth:  display   display

test:  the linear inequality constraint estimator .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  returns arrowvisual arrowvisual to disk .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  show the configuration .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   list
truth:  return   a

test:  run the command in the configuration file .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  run a new instance of the namespace note that it can be imported .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  arguments: a -- can be passed to a failure .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   function
truth:  display   a

test:  verify if connected command provided .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  if   null
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  search for a controller scan .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  select   null
truth:  scan   a

test:  set is_default property property for a protocol buffer .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  go   null

test:  make volumeservice agent to test volumeservice specific options .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  is the python body body .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  add the given file to the given path using the given path .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  internal helper to resolve a connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  resolve   return
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  apply   p
truth:  p   p

test:  compute the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  plugin   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  format a message to a csv file .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  msg   import
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if path is absolute .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  check the status for a submission .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  stores   form
truth:  null   null

test:  try to get the list of unstaged changes to load unstaged as a folder .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  generates   home
truth:  walk   null

test:  return physical physical resource for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   task
truth:  return   return

test:  embed the given album file into maxwidth .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   include
truth:  embed   album

test:  get the binary dependencies for matplotlib python file .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  configure rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  queries   rules
truth:  using   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex edges of a given array .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  measure   load
truth:  return   sparse

test:  same as a != b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  order is a bug of length 1 .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  join   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct the md5 type for the given template from the galaxy stuff .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a binary token in text to a numpy cms integer .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a folder from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a valid config .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   add

test:  build an absolute path to the resource .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   master
truth:  build   build

test:  return a series of ip addrs the specified port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  port   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  ignore error thrown at the beginning of an exception level .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  error   null
truth:  check   check

test:  set the web-history matrix to init .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return the stack frame for the given stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  initialize the viewpoint resource resource handler .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for this edge .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install or continue a record if available .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  displays   block
truth:  solves   problem

test:  request a task certificates for all regenerate certificates .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : rule | dubconstant | const_list | const_list | const_list | const_map .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply any from the rendered rendered on the server .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  apply   converts
truth:  modify   null

test:  test an ndim=2 line .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   set
truth:  return   return

test:  transform loc vector to certain format .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace the catches and testing resources .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  return   rules
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the specified service catalog .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  function   get
truth:  select   null

test:  read the object from an bytes file and return as a base64 string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  read   read

test:  send translations .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  send   null
truth:  translated   append

test:  get global config directory .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  return   config
truth:  get   users

test:  provides a valid qos qos policy string .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first element in the list .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  given   null
truth:  execute   something

test:  returns assertraisesregexp for the tstd distribution .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   equation
truth:  null   derivative

test:  generate a random url-safe string of base_str .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treebuilder class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the name of the name of the name of the name of the
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture to setup the backend before running a test .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  example: {% hook_output insert_editor_css %} {{ name .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group groupby by a sequence of objects .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the user is naive at given url .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  given   test
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer to an integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  find   find

test:  get the round variable .
truth: get the round . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  get   get

test:  update the main dataset with some of the given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   function

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the access access flags .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  transform   transform

test:  execute a gluster job on the remote server .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  perform   asserts
truth:  perform   a

test:  looks at a given order .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  exit   null
truth:  null   dict

test:  images with images and variance .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  generates   digital
truth:  -   -

test:  see if a file has a given file .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  provide   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  send email from a specified login .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  provides   send
truth:  email   email

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  determine   datetime
truth:  is   null

test:  run a percent tests in the profile .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  makes   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if the splunk_search module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  work   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generates a local response normalization over a local subset of x .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  null   response

test:  get the list of zookeeper locations on zookeeper .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute nodes of a node .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test fit a fixed bound to fixed and fixed bound to fixed mean with fixed bound .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  print a folder list of tasks .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  if the user is allowed .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  add   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if errors is an instance of errors .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  if   check

test:  verify that a dictionary matches a dictionary of values .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  pairs   a
truth:  like   like

test:  cast a remote configuration object to a different error .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  for a users queue .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  null   queue

test:  dummy function for myanmar .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the number of sync sync date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  separate a function in a clip with the given clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  transforms   wrap
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if line looks like a repository .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a student for students whose user is students directly given as students .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  submits   a

test:  returns the next weekday for adjacent adjacent id .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate an generates generates a diff with the least the an integer .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  check that all of the specified user is actually a value of any field that match the specified user .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  if   check

test:  a contextmanager that silences stdout and exit code for the stringio .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  context   context
truth:  disable   null

test:  given a list of users .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  notify a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are a datetime arraylike arraylike .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if running from the system is running under .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates the locate database .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  build   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return domain object for all the given domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a getattr() that helps how many objects of methods of types should contain the same types .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  obj   obj

test:  monitor service via wrappers .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  ensure   set
truth:  get   get

test:  entry point for the ipython module .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  start   null
truth:  construct   new

test:  write a file .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  write   null

test:  generate a custom instance table .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  xml   xml

test:  deletes images .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until a predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   up

test:  generic validation function for api handling .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  generates   custom
truth:  null   validator

test:  retrieve a list of available flavor sizes .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  list   get
truth:  null   method

test:  deletes an existing elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if a environment is macports by the current environment .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check if a node is a machine address .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the osram component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  returns true if the given node is a json/ajax super .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher build the version of a build step .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  migrate a package version of cr .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  migrate   new
truth:  if   null

test:  send a message to a hipchat message .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  send   crud
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger uri for a path .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   path
truth:  validate   a

test:  require the oracle release .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return version of pysqlite cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  write a fake ring .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  write   log
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce postorder nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering by a directed line .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  backward compatibility -- lookup for matching translations .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  translated   matches

test:  draw an array exponential where each row correspond to the correspond .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  compute   copies
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  creates a new node .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian angle for for a particular angle in for testing .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns the two indicator oscillator .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  make the request to use the specified request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume the iterator ahead ahead .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   a
truth:  consume   null

test:  cast value to a json object .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  value   value

test:  cast sparse matrices to 3d solving .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking call .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  add   factory
truth:  blocking   non

test:  given a set of bytes .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  if   thing
truth:  to   helper

test:  return tidy fragment of text fragment .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  return   html
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a circle perimeter perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   circle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  checks whether a process with a given process exists .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  determine   return
truth:  if   check

test:  generates and returns a square of the given np .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a storage storage class by name .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the windows feature if the given image is installed .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  bootstrap bootstrap path from package .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header in its vary header header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper to call substitute on all substitute .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  converts   arguments
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download filename from file .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  downloads   files
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a beets query string and a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  make a deferred for a *typ* attribute overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if the given filename matches the given project .
truth: test if . 
test:  match   return
truth:  if   test

test:  add an user like an object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  expands expands setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator for concrete fibre channel .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the locale for the specified symbol .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default yarncluster instance .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  sets modified on one of the filesystems .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  modified   sets

test:  utility method that implements implements implements a single snmp and returns the snmp as a snmp snmp .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  uses   current
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  registers a stanza stanza .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  register   plugin
truth:  associate   a

test:  return a list of violations reports for all violations in the given directory .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  return   function
truth:  finds   violations

test:  returns the first file of a filename .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  converts a tuple into a tuple .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a string representing the python interpreter .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get configured oslo_messaging notifier .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert chunk to tuple .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  emit a dictionary to the drop .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  emit   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the certificate object .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  to   create
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that makes sure the decorated function is passed to the setup .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  func   wrapper
truth:  enables   a

test:  get event on media list items the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  list   media
truth:  get   get

test:  record the line numbers of an vertex line .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  null   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete the current topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  a decorator that makes a function with a given server .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  computes the homogeneity score .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : intconstant : .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  appends sp_password to the end of each logging variable .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  null   union
truth:  complete   null

test:  get profile along the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:slack .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  loop   get
truth:  get   path

test:  return a string representing a human readable format .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get a worker .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  prefix the parent of a path .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision precision is positive-definite .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   a

test:  update the config_id information for an existing server .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  objects   updates
truth:  server   server

test:  find the first column of a left corner coordinates .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  given   controller
truth:  find   image

test:  return the sol of a matrix that is the term of the polynomial k in r .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  is   a
truth:  given   integers

test:  this function is for being an technical response .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  checks that named timeout is raised if the regular expression .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email to the initiator of a confirmation email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  email   email
truth:  send   send

test:  add deprecated argument to an existing one of the script .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a histogram that is the correct grid of values .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  call flask .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  read   proxy

test:  read images from a given list of tuples .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   code
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   group
truth:  remove   group

test:  convert a group of files into a cassandra pdf .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  read   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  implements a loop list of setcore and a loop list of friendly thats thats thats a loop list to .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  build   a

test:  load the entry from the distribution .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  load   load
truth:  name   name

test:  check if a vm is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of reference values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  tests   return
truth:  given   a

test:  yield http response body from http response body .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  open   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the given activity type exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the url for the request .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  return   null
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  returns the base type for given base name .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the configuration of the device cli example: .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  function   dot
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all flags belonging to the given compiler .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  unpack   image
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the object is a valid object .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check roundtrip for a course .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  create a list of child objects where every item in dict is a tuple of child objects .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test lists - a separater .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  optionally return the resolver property as a resolver .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  returns   working
truth:  arg   arg

test:  invalidates the provided disk to the resource .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  list all themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  lists   transform
truth:  display   display

test:  get a list of process running programs .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert some negative amount into a human-readable file system .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  verify that the given credentials matches the specified credentials .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   authorization

test:  repeat -> iterator concats the minimum of a given axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a list of the running service owners : boolean toggle the running jobs .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  this function returns the restart restart .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  append a text scope into the list of words .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  to   text
truth:  append   literal

test:  turn on a version of array-like .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create the top-level .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  get   up
truth:  given   a

test:  read an prebuild header from the provided stream and return the winners .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_one_param_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   tag
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob glob pattern to a regular expression; .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a time using babels babels .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : plist name .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   something
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given a model path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset multiple warnings to a single cleanup cleanup .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the real host scheme .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random filename name for the given file name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure that a package is installed .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  require   package
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an argument .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a string is valid for the public key .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  parse   verifies
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if a current user is a authorized test .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ssh-keyscan -> non-tuple return a numpy value .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  return   a
truth:  coerce   null

test:  close a file descriptor if it doesnt already exist .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  file   file

test:  do typical arguments .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  -   command
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator only allows flexible special properties .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write a given tree to a stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return a boolean indicating whether each string in the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  match   fits
truth:  find   find

test:  generate a valid srt sequence of sjson from sjson with several several total_users data .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the markup for a named markup instance .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load the compiler compiler for use in a persistent directory .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  load a npz object from a file .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap the default arguments .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drop   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  try to get the current dropbox folder .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  to   try

test:  adds a custom template with the given dict of keys .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  rendered   page

test:  map the given list of inputs to the list of inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extracts value from the given field .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  list   show
truth:  value   value

test:  test that the inventory_file sample image can be used with a 'gsn sample .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   null
truth:  visualize   null

test:  determines if a user is a contributor .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  if   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a tuple of length data in the given format .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  return   parameters
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a 0mq xml file .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the correct facet facet .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  load   returns
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  returns the name of the html for the given section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the meth class for a given object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for its a handler that enables the named permission .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  indicates   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  wait until a lock is available on the remote host .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a peaked row of the given parameters .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a decorator to wait a specified name in the default .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if a project can be create or transfered .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test deprecated .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  test   test

test:  list of connectivity in a neighbor neighbor .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  evaluate   values
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  this function is called by a probability of forms .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a filename to pathlist .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper method to initialize the cli interface .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  removes the job if it isnt present .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   method

test:  strand -> list of the binary strings s1 and returns the content of the two method .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  create   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert the chi-squared triangular matrix to shared variable .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  make   null

test:  return a list of ports ports that can use .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  validate that the password given in the http password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper to pytest .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  build   attributes
truth:  run   unit

test:  returns a list of valid host tmpfile .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the *attr* from the changelog file .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  traverse a remote level .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  check   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  iterates over markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  output   markdown
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  walks -> int check the digraph of a statement .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  have   checks
truth:  enforce   a

test:  converts the two admx objects into a display string and the associated values .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  boolean   converts
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute bounding-box bounding-box for an image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  include   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  uninstall a rollback rollback .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  uninstalling   copies
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  gzip of a gzip file combined gzip and return its children .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  identify   null

test:  check a scipy test .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  test   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that its possible to use the json format .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request or limit .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate sample order for a complex order .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  calculate   re
truth:  null   null

test:  adds mapping about the given mapping type .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  add   point
truth:  support   support

test:  splits a sequence of at at at given array .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  unicode   parameters
truth:  split   split

test:  decodes and verifies a single string using the passed in encoding .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  like   decodes
truth:  like   like

test:  get list of receivers from the given sender .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a decorator that converts a content slug to an object .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns tensor confusion of a given document .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   expressions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  optionally return markdown .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  text   return
truth:  render   render

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  execute the numberofbezierpoints .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  stop all available scan information .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  opens the targets and add the target .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  log into the critical module .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  removes   shows
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  {attached: the public datacenter for the given job id .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  set   a
truth:  enables   null

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test plotting of matplotlib plot .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  fix the stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  fix   fix

test:  make sure grouping are grouping .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  test   null
truth:  output   output

test:  run the given command and return its output .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  find if the passed in something .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  compares   checks
truth:  find   find

test:  pad out data to multiple width of a group of data .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  pads   a
truth:  apply   standard

test:  gets a progress string for the given epoch .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  get   version
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  enumerates the dispatching dispatching versions of a script .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a list of strings into a list of lists .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  expand   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates an keras keras variable with samples drawn from a uniform distribution and returns it .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  used by an http request or in an http other invocation .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current standby timeout of the scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate all rst in the given example .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  overrides   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the contents of the source file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  get   get
truth:  test   test

test:  get quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  set   quota
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a lag port of a watched .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open a binary file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  returns the list of standard deviation deviation from the input mean .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  reshape   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for testing .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   null
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  lists all own rolling rolling rolling .
truth: list own . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes anything enclosed in a string .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return the information of the named package(s) .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  process   process
truth:  function   function

test:  add the members with the given group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   group
truth:  add   members

test:  assert-like decorator that marks a two server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a mapping of optionally optionally before the given tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  implement   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a string version of an object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  short   apply
truth:  to   predicate

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  capture   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  return the information for this release .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  unpause   get
truth:  function   function

test:  check that sampling is sampling and is sampling .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  null   version
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  load a movie hash from a file system .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  ssl   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return the shortcut of a given user .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  executes the output of the command and returns the output .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  indent the given string to stdout .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indentation   manager
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant to flavor access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  get information on a users account cli example: .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  provide   grains

test:  parameters tidy : int .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   shape_i
truth:  release   release

test:  returns a dict with the current user .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  function   a
truth:  url   url

test:  setup vera sensors .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   access
truth:  set   up

test:  del an attribute .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  edit an absolute source .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  returns a tuple of information about the current python module .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap request .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  monitor   a
truth:  add   a

test:  require a node .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   register
truth:  require   a

test:  checks if the computer is in use .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a sql and a decoder for both the entire framework .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pretty print the filesize file .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  format   bytes
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the allowed methods are checked for the external os .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  load an image from a fits file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  save   image
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the script name for the given script .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   script

test:  get the fallback value for a configuration file .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   get
truth:  value   value

test:  create a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  check that the character at target and parses ports get .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  report   shows
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  url   escape
truth:  url   url

test:  do not allow testing to be saved .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  save   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   frills
truth:  null   frills

test:  given a numeric distribution .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the most recent index .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  null   null

test:  penn treebank vocabulary and training valid vocabulary .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   load

test:  does nothing have a single space or a subsequence .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the size of a field name .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  null   field
truth:  extract   null

test:  send an index page .
truth: index handler . 
test:  null   send
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  calculate statistics for a certain matrix .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  solve   solve

test:  a decorator for set_language_changer that automatically converts a user to a cache variable .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set a location option .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return a new dict with elements of the dictionary keys .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  dictionary   context
truth:  merge   one

test:  check if a user exists and has a given tenant .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test starting a process with a start process .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  ensure   starting
truth:  test   test

test:  loads the salt api .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  null   render
truth:  null   null

test:  cast an object to a json string .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  emulate   wrapper
truth:  null   method

test:  list principal policies associated with the specified principal cli example: .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   options
truth:  list   list

test:  convert an visible descriptor to its nonstaff .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  convert   distance
truth:  if   returns

test:  given a set of keywords .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  null   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  adds pointer argument to the shuts .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  verify   fixture
truth:  running   in

test:  check if a file is a diophantine format .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  display information about the current python module .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a gtk gtk that can be a gtk format .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing area update request section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  reallocation   stack
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object on all instances using the prefetcher object on all instances using the prefetcher .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic cubic ax[cond .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new :class:sslobject decorator .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the evaluators and end of the evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  return the list of files to display for a given repository .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  provides   copies
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export csv file .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   database
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure the named service is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  list   a

test:  install a bigip virtual server id using the name of the provider .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  private method checks to see if the current transaction has been set .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   information

test:  get the cluster id for a given cluster name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  function   function

test:  recursively gather all elements of c{inode} tools that are less than the test_server .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  remote   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  make and validate a call parameter .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  generate   lists
truth:  null   null

test:  remove invalid text from docstring .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  dedent   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the separate inset inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a boolean check if the value is true .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  alternate of a single item .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in the http header .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize the database file .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  opens   open
truth:  initializes   null

test:  returns full ssh gateway for a given vm or list of gateway .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of existing figure cli example: .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of redis instance from config .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   values
truth:  labels   labels

test:  constructs a regextokenizer from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the analysis arguments: tex_root -- the path to the tex root as a string if you use the view instead .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resource header for guided table .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  object   header
truth:  header   header

test:  combine two data from data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  left   null

test:  check for use not loaded .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   no

test:  factory function for creating a challenging serialized serialized serialized serialized serialized file .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  wrap   wrapper
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list item .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the specified package only return the list of modules cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this tests shell_env() remains remains multiple files in various sense .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  validate privileges for an ssh .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validates   current
truth:  validate   validate

test:  lst: lst: file-like object to find variables from a single space .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  generates   prints
truth:  outputs   a

test:  add the current job to the browser .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  edit   null
truth:  quit   null

test:  analyze the repository constructor .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a cinderblockdeviceapi function for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   test
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize the south sigmoid for testing .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  function   apps
truth:  returns   b

test:  process a process under the given process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  wait   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  construct a new 1 .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse an http date string to a date object .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  see   date
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 of the 2012 gid .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  gets a repo tag by name .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  if   null
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  check for flags in the calls of a gp_generation file .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invariant a parameterized usable link .
truth: process one link . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-merge(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout command any additional options to add to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  print a set of alias in an alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   query
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest detects satisfied satisfied links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   parsing
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping performs multiarg .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   in
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if the given fhandle is valid .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  converts the given integer to a method that converts the literal to a method that will be stored .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  is   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a list of image .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculates   object
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  extract the alignment region from the glyph of each alignment .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  generate   entity
truth:  function   function

test:  test if the generated url is repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  test   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  cleans the given cache directory .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  empty   use
truth:  remove   apk

test:  automatically prints an exit and exit if its exit code .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  exit   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi-function with an scgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   decorator
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to log each file of the coroutine .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  remove   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  show a single view with a simple keyword argument .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  if   show
truth:  null   message

test:  get the login token .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends a message on a topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  null   a

test:  replacement for django .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  will format a master log to the binary display .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   group

test:  recursively merges d1 into a dictionary .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  dictionary   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  test that download and download data if not specified .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   up
truth:  test   test

test:  kill back reference from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   kill
truth:  do   null

test:  authentication for urllib2 .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   a

test:  update proj scripts .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  deal   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  resets the module attempts to add it to the development .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   json
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns the path to the message of the given sockfile or none if it doesnt exist .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  return   up
truth:  finds   null

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is mri in subjects_dir .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   map
truth:  check   check

test:  get a hash value for a given signature .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  get   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the current audio output device output .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   current
truth:  gets   a

test:  run seqret on freebsd .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  write   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update the first job id .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  import   import

test:  return a decorator that makes sure that the user is logged in .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  replace characters with a single line .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  replace   return
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string into a port and the associated port .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  this function determines if a site is enabled .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  short   null
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start a mind and start a remote server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   start
truth:  null   method

test:  benchmark information on the dataset .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  test   definition
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator that applies a unicode type to a list of arguments .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  go   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check that discrete discrete variables are discrete .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the localectl of the current system cli example: .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return cast type for cast to cast .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  check if the given grammar matches the given word .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  sanitizes a from the given path on the path .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test io with i/o i/o .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to add a domain domain to the domain functions .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  converts an exception object into a .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test a socket .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of hash strings .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  provides the entry from a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  list   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  lists all available command names for the given project .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  encode a single object as defined in the uri .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  creates   include
truth:  returns   a

test:  evaluates the exponential of x to a safe exponential examples .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  make   node
truth:  compute   compute

test:  revert pseudo-quotient to lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for valid dna characters in mapping of data mapping_data: list of fields to check barcodes : list of mapping errors .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  iterates over all pairs of a sequence of lists .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  remove   seq
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  view function to view and return an email .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  email   null
truth:  null   null

test:  format time in a normalized unit way .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   scale
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  check that a portage package is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  calculates the zone and zones for each zone .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  allows   reset
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create a factory to create the pid file .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  encode and return the given file as a base64 string .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  object   object

test:  detects whether the string is valid .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  fuzzy the requested kernel kernel .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return scheme scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade any simple bill and resets the capabilities servers to launch .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  add   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  null   service

test:  test whether a bug needs a valid mlp with mlp .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  creates   a

test:  calculate the urls for a given urls .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make master to the master to the master .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  set   set

test:  add a url to the start campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   attempts
truth:  add   add

test:  set the layers for the designed .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  set   loop
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict of univariate univariate .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  waits for a timeout to finish .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  returns a static style object with the given color and style .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   include
truth:  search   search

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  return the given file path .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  to   load
truth:  load   a

test:  make matched text replace on matched text .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   view
truth:  matched   null

test:  submit for src row and merges the various row .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  return a dict of files to a dict of the generated files .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   return
truth:  looks   null

test:  stop a rule and return its remap .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  null   call
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return true if the given source has the expected domain .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  call custom custom upgrade image .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   image
truth:  call   call

test:  returns true if the promo preliminary is in the current time .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   return

test:  prints out datum .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  prints   failure
truth:  null   utility

test:  run the signal .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  print   wrap
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the given group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  list all virtual networks verbose verbose .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  return   a

test:  list specified modules cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  installed   a
truth:  list   list

test:  mark a task as complete if it doesnt already exist .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  decodes a single bytestring or unicode string .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  save a runtime runtime .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  strip strftime from strftime .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  run a shell command with a given arguments .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  start   create
truth:  call   call

test:  if there is an exception .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  mark   exception
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a single changes dictionary .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  parses an alert log logger .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract background tags from background steps .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given the ignore matrix of each hmm matrix .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  find   null
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  test slugify .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  make   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the versioned document from a resource .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  display   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  if   key
truth:  if   key

test:  rgb to yiq color space conversion .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   input
truth:  null   image

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set proxy facts if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the generated facts args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the generated types if
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  takes   proxy
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package package packagename packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  check if a process with the given pid exists .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  use   os

test:  handlerdef entities in post with given request .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  sets   reverse
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that columns in the html table columns in the html table .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to project/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns disk data in bytes .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  convert   arrays
truth:  turn   number

test:  return the file file path if it doesnt exist .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator to use methods to require methods .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  run   decorator
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns taxa taxa table in sample taxa .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  extracts   calls
truth:  opens   null

test:  a context manager that returns a file or url to url .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  context   a
truth:  name   name

test:  get a selinux description of the given description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a stringio source to a stream object .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  return   manager
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds an authhandler that is not divisible between type and python 2 .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  function   cycle
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out the version of the given git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  encrypts a message using the private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  displays   users
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a boolean of whether the given biopython keys and the view is running on the cloudtrail .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extracts   a

test:  given a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check if a column of getting sentences are started .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  updates cache when a cache contains related units .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  invalidate   site
truth:  related   update

test:  helper function that creates a new coolmagicapplication object .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  creates   string
truth:  null   null

test:  update project pages because because it is not already on because it is not already authorized .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   discover
truth:  update   update

test:  struct_declaration : if lparen expression rparen .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  returns a relative name from a sls sls string .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract volume info from a string .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  test cloning registers doesnt exist on the linktype .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  run a command on a remote host .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  command   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the list of available zones region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the arguments to use for the runner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  to   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free part of lc(f) in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  get packages from match .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   new
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current version of a python version .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  list   list

test:  get an inline name .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  given a context .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute an initial state of the passed variables .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  figure   input
truth:  filter   data

test:  test if getting a module is installed .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  to   run
truth:  test   test

test:  displays the header .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  format   format

test:  undo the configuration data from a configuration file .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  text   ssh
truth:  undo   undo

test:  converts a string into a regular expression .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  is   null

test:  execute commands in a subshell .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  specified   null

test:  finds function_definition in image2array mode .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  find   parse
truth:  look   null

test:  quote a string for use in a url .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  wraps   a

test:  returns the position of the cdf .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a thing for printing a installation of a python string .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   string
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   mne

test:  run the following client command with a variable .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the current returns the current host name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an existing lock .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  release   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  return contiguous true for the strings .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  add   return
truth:  return   a

test:  create and return the given bundle .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   answer
truth:  create   osc

test:  find the import files for a remote file by sending the import import .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  setup   find
truth:  find   find

test:  compute content of f and return the leading monomial .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  subtract   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  null   price

test:  returns all registered weighers .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compare versions in a version using the version information .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  dummy variable for use in dummy variables parameters limits : array-like array-like object .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns a regex of time since epoch used by http date .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  from timeseries and standard deviation of the last three error code .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  returns   correct
truth:  is   null

test:  builds a dictionary of 2-element tuples .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   k1

test:  format a number formatted number to a specific locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  format   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the normalized normalized normalized phase data .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  this is a helper that converts that calculates the binary character to the currently function: .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  converts   fits
truth:  convert   a

test:  read a data structure of a 64-bit file .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   data

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: always load . 
test:  if   load
truth:  load   load

test:  adds unique id to dictionary used .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a flavor record in the given flavor .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  similar to .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  gets   up
truth:  view   view

test:  set current audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   current
truth:  selects   null

test:  test that installing a requirements file using -e .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a path to a binary path .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  project embed view shows a project for various files .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  project   versions
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return true if data is encrypted .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  does   null
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the path to the sdk sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  convert   html
truth:  return   return

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get the current purchase .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   average

test:  fixture that provides a choice loader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the cached app to the dashboard .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  clear   up
truth:  null   everything

test:  create a snapshot id from a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  debug   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the theano code of a theano variable with theano .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return str representation of text in text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   array
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates a certificate from a trust certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  data -> gzip encoded data data decode the gzip encoded using the gzip content encoding .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  parse   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  detect if the internal loader is a function for running under the given function .
truth: function type . 
test:  creates   decorator
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all visible namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  use the lamps to activate the test case for each test .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  fake   fake

test:  get the path of the given gs .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return the build platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  mail   delete
truth:  mail   mail

test:  unload the subsets of a set of all loaded loaded loaded .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  null   null

test:  parses the main application .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   run

test:  like djangos to_language .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  reverse   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the current db connection to the db server .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  get   windows
truth:  returns   a

test:  show the details of an instance .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   details

test:  returns a handler that wraps the prefix to use the current request .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  turns on formatted debug debug debug logging .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  control   magnitude
truth:  function   function

test:  get a specific reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  check if *uri* *uri* is a gcs uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create the parent object .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  get   runs
truth:  context   context

test:  check if the model is a projection model .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that the var var var is present .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  if   runs
truth:  if   return

test:  extract the text from a file .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  detaches vm with vm status .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  returns   bytes
truth:  null   a

test:  write html file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  writes   html
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write the contents of the m3 file into a list of images .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  append   append

test:  given a series of tuples representing a series of length moments .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts pretty name .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the spherical spherical angle in the widdershins angle .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   inset
truth:  get   get

test:  create a languages title dictionary .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given a file filename .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  parse   encoding
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  convert any object into a string .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  get   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a file from the filesystem .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   add
truth:  get   get

test:  view to select a sample code for a given document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  view   need
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine if a request backup supported on the request .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  look   null
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test mix source source files .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   control
truth:  test   test

test:  import all submodules from a module .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   null
truth:  expose   null

test:  ensures that the multi-dim of titles are up to titles .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  reset   up
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read text from file and return its contents .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  text   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  publish c{main} to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  renders   html

test:  decorator to decide if the function has a postscript function .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run nominated namespace namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its clip .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  return   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  examples: an ipv4 address from a free ipv6 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  read   arguments
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a img metric dictionary .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  template   a
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling with bottom layer .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   array
truth:  coupling   null

test:  determines if a domain is a valid domain name .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unflag an existing dialog .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: builders-from use tie instead of builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins tie plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a buffer filename and mode .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  construct   version
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  do any i18n "cleaned" credentials .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  parse   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check a result of a already exists .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  useless@register -> list of slices for storage_policy_index .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  queries   github
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return string with all occurrences of pattern replaced up to regex .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local noise for each pixel .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  filter   greyscale
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an puid <url .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} the brazil window to use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set up the stubs api .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   test
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw a sha256-hash line .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   a

test:  test pip install lines for divider .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   get
truth:  expect   a

test:  given a dictionary .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  returns   split
truth:  return   return

test:  do nothing auth to allow access to context .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  validates   avatar
truth:  given   a

test:  simple tasks for extensions on behalf of expressions .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  get equated output by manipulation .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  apply filters to a query .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download a unsigned yaml_dict for a given reviewer .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  return   download
truth:  download   download

test:  return the empirical of the samples in *x* .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  marks   calculate
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write a stats file for a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   date
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  send a message to an album and return it .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  return   load
truth:  send   send

test:  test reading a custom application file .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  extract parameters from the given file .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  computes a relaxed distance matrix .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  find   function
truth:  null   distance

test:  saves the register setting .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  save   polynomial
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  function   null
truth:  to   null

test:  drop the given tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  block   a
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare a string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  returns the progress data for this minion .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  block   a
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to get an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  build data to change topic .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  create   null
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the root spec object to the root object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove the bridge for a bridge cli example: .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  remove   copies
truth:  removes   null

test:  lists policies via rabbitmqctl networks .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  returns   packages
truth:  return   a

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  upload a fake image to the context .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  create   handler
truth:  fakes   null

test:  return the inverse of an n-d image .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  finds the optimal row in a given row .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test tcp/udp network at least one key .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  wrap a file .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  context   return
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list of directories in a tree .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  start the cci instance and return three production instance .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a string of html references into a list of key-value pairs .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return an coord union of two arrays .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  list   list
truth:  union   union

test:  returns a queryset of current user has completed the given creator creator .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   video

test:  load only if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a list of feed from a feed .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  filter out data from a given list of data .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  recursively walk a python tree in each directory tree .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  compute autocovariance function acf_y(h) up to n-dimensional ma : ndarray .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   features
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong type object .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the python version as a tuple of strings .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the wunderground sensor .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  find signal part of signal .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  convert   rgb
truth:  convert   colour

test:  given a list of dictionaries and a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  matches   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   view
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered module and output files .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  creates an uninitialized client for the given source and auth .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  append a fake configuration to the list of paths .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  to   add
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the configuration cli example: .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  restart   csf

test:  updates the provided email for the user .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  detect   email
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a set of date from the current clipboards .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  try to regex out a task running on a specified task .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  null   blocks
truth:  null   expression

test:  extract tuples from devices xml .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  bind a random port to an available port on localhost .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  get   a

test:  logs out the user from the page .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  log   logs
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read a given file from the given filename and return it .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   length

test:  returns a list of the strings in the given list of pids .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  clones a vdi and clone a vdi .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  null   clone
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generate a unique hotp token .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten nested dictionary of columns .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build the value for a django state .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  generate   build
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  null   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  connect to a given transport using the given transport .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  set   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  helper function to convert list of strings into a single list of key-value pairs .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   get
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the executable name .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  evaluate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if v is installed .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict containing all requirement statements in ninja-ide web page .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  filter   comments

test:  set a link to a list of color tuples .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  list   list

test:  n319 - use list comprehension instead of mutable .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters note: str .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  add the item between this call .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  add   null
truth:  fills   null

test:  return an image by name .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  return   tests
truth:  render   a

test:  constructs a session .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a string and returns none .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check whether a new pkg matches a new one .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  generate lists of systemd command arguments for sys_v the systemd command passed to the systemd command .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  escape & .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return an instance of the footnoteextension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  appends the given path to the context .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  set   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   access
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle a list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the server setting for the smtp server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install a package with the absolute path .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a login model .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  take   action

test:  given a list of tree .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  forgot username page .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  username   username
truth:  look   up

test:  converts a boolean value into a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  null   docstring
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a free free free space .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  get   find
truth:  return   return

test:  get the first endpoint of the given reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  redirect   redirect
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a boolean as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  deprecated method .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  load   contents
truth:  null   class

test:  draw a random value with randomly sampled .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   a
truth:  m   m

test:  check if a named user is admin .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get the pressure of the current thread .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  filter   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  index of the tdef tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  index   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  returns gateway details of a gateway details .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  returns   strips
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns the nltk fingerprint of the given region .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  look   null

test:  rectified correlation function .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns source id of given object .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  source   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  internal helper function to use some sort operations .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  converts from one of the date to a csl datetime object .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper function that makes sure value is not a valid type .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  value   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return list of continuation state .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  return   show
truth:  display   parser

test:  returns true if the key exists in the local environment .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  given an email address .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   get
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  returns the multivariate transformation for a given integer .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  does   null
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an mg record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  generate the script .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  use this decorator to require noniterable .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting information section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  disconnect   section
truth:  null   section

test:  check that attributes are equal and right sparseseries .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  export a gcode file from a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  get   null
truth:  write   null

test:  test with hidden text at the top with the viewport .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  warn() should not allow use an env .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - write binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator for api functions that use this only allows an api function .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  returns all the current transaction .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  cleanup   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the general filenames of a python integer .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   standard

test:  gets the running data .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if ref is a global format .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  if   module
truth:  if   check

test:  internal helper function for the structured token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  duplicates   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  count the scan_profile of processname system .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  settings() should temporarily take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  an same as test_url_req_case_mismatch_no_index .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  null   connect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add counters to counter from hadoop .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes content references from the content of a content .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organization .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  export   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  with this test .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  start   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return the application platform defined in the user environment variables .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  print the stack trace for each file .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  prints   running
truth:  dump   a

test:  given the path of a module .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  module   a
truth:  look   null

test:  remove a single container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert a number of unique values into a positive approach .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  write   null
truth:  rank   rank

test:  check whether a web error is found on the this web .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  error   error

test:  create a random string of length chars .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  change a group of a user .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   set
truth:  add   add

test:  convert numeric row/col notation in a1 notation to numeric row/col notation .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read the cache file and return the contents .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  returns true if this date is allowed for the given employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the first complex layer by this layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  clears the zipimport cache directory for each zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return an download url .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get a value from the etcd .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  iterator over the items in a sequence of items .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   elements

test:  determine if the given revision is on a revision revision revision .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   get
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation and add it to the given project .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a json representation of g in g .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   data

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  displays   returns
truth:  renders   null

test:  adds a group to a group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt the given data cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypt   data
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  sets the gui mode for the current thread .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  change   sets
truth:  tell   null

test:  get tests .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   python

test:  format an instance of a execution instance so that it can be passed .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  returns   date
truth:  null   instance

test:  return a list of lexer matches .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  updates the two images with the specified shape of the response .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  null   null
truth:  blend   blend

test:  returns the argument name of a function .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of tuples of all auto fields .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the "needs rollback" flag for the current thread and code .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  override   back
truth:  sets   sets

test:  fail unless an exception is thrown when running in a substring .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  assert   assert

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  be   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve a dict of credentials and their names from the given certificate .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  clone   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns an instance of the date .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   date
truth:  return   datetime

test:  registers config section in the api .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   upgrade
truth:  patch   patch

test:  extract the id for a given token id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  store   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the russound sources .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  buildinfo factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  ensure the defaults for the named package is in the minimum version .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  attach   list
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the default group of the group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  show   grain
truth:  set   set

test:  helper function to create a url string .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strips   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  in which users signup by branding .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the connection to the mysql database .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get all suggestions languages by a user .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to stop a method after a space .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save a running section .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively unpack dictionaries and values that are not in the new dictionaries .
truth: from url . 
test:  returns   custom
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer in utf-8 .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  get endpoint endpoint from a sequenceexample .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  print   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract all messages from a piece of broadcast_arrays .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   convert
truth:  parse   a

test:  add the environment variable .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags of a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   tags
truth:  list   tags

test:  marks a certain option as deprecated .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  check graphics graphics for created model .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  check   correctness

test:  parse total program .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  clean   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people user is following sans people blocking user this is ago for a bluetooth user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  transform   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  count the typical count of g .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  return   find
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides smartos only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  load   library
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   return
truth:  s   s

test:  get a fixed timezone name .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if a short is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  null   word

test:  test inverse operator .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  io   source
truth:  test   mne

test:  a generic python object containing only the matplotlib library .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  raise   alias
truth:  called   null

test:  norm l1 for dft .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   norm

test:  decorate a method method where self is a method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  turns   a

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   volume

test:  determine if the object is encrypted or contains encrypted .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a proxy helper method that should have all es gl .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  null   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  parses average file format from tarball and tarball .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   build

test:  helper function to get a natural referent .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  look   up

test:  adds pooling pooling layer layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  start the passed command .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  start   like
truth:  run   cmd

test:  returns an unique set of files from a set of values .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   attempt
truth:  open   a

test:  iterator that yields multiple tuples from each plugin in a dictionary of plugin pairs .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a child volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  provides a volume of the intersections .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  check   check

test:  pack the provided string to a signed encoding using the provided encoding .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  pack   pack

test:  fix method .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  change   null
truth:  fix   method

test:  extract the first disk disk users from a piece of users .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  load   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a callable .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  return   up
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  generate a faux message message .
truth: convert response . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  test wale_log_destination with no args .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  use   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  create a right-stochastic layout for nodes in g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   node

test:  test if a release is already satisfied .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   a

test:  put a test .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   mininet
truth:  test   test

test:  tries to match an depart tensor .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validates if there is a model for a group .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return networks in network or raise if the network doesnt exist or any .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  host   return
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize generative model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  compute   batch
truth:  null   network

test:  show the first local model .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  replace media manager from media list .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  install the latest virtual environment for a virtualenv .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  provide a path to the git checkout .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  get   get

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the collection should be retained .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  reload a module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  finds   module
truth:  null   version

test:  helper function to make function func from a container .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   boolean
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  dump the given xml to a file .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  print   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  create a form class with a form class and create a note that is available .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   attachments

test:  get a qt binop .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  support   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two vectors .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   reverse
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine the indents most recent points to alter from loop .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  run   a
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  set the current dsc configuration .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   default
truth:  set   a

test:  convert text into a pair of assertation colors .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  compare   text
truth:  add   syntax

test:  roc auc score .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   notification
truth:  null   null

test:  set data in directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   vispy

test:  quantize a number of amount to a string .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   a

test:  direct_declarator : id .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   certificates
truth:  return   launchd

test:  generic uri for the application .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  issues   null
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and return cpu policy constraints .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  get   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the name of a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection inside the center .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for backward compatibility between we would translate this type to preserve "dont throughout types .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  ensure   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  gets a user username by name .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   user

test:  for each digit fastq file in the c{destination} fastq file .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  evaluate   while
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove invalid characters from string .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert a constant to a comma-separated constant .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  creates   image
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read and return the contents of a buffer .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  checks if a given process is a gives gives gives a environment cli example: .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  to   return
truth:  is   null

test:  save the current certificate of the certificate to the certificate cli example: .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  return a suitable query for reading .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  get   a

test:  identify an user using the namespaces .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  identifies   task
truth:  to   try

test:  serialize python object to json .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  updates the given user_id_or_name with the given user_id .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  relu relu .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  rules   handles
truth:  null   null

test:  deep copy a deannotate element .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  if   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  save list of pin to current thread .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  print   interface
truth:  documents   documents

test:  returns the given value as a utf-8 string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  encodes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if line ending with code > never be a code .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initiate a local traffic server configuration file .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic getattr() for the tensorproducts record .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the vector vector as a list of lists .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read a packet from a remote network .
truth: object factory . 
test:  read   attempt
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets flags: the targets .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a user cli examples: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a generator of games from a dhcp-opts year .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get svg text from svgreader .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to ansiext .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a list of all services on the system .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  i must be a bug followed by the context .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  return a list of folders on the system .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces to the face dictionary .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts obj to unicode and sort between two supported classes .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  try to find a suite in the given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  function   a
truth:  test   test

test:  check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot args: name : the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the certificate from the minion name the name of the certificate to be removed from the minion .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a logger for the provided logger .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a string that can be used to create a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up the accessed directory for each process .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the distance between two boolean arrays .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   validate
truth:  computes   null

test:  escape & .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  this script creates a will check for the application .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  null   app
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   resize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  returns the diagonal view that is a coordinate integer .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a certificate from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for a ~ssl stream with the desired status .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  check   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  set the given value using markdown if the given objects are markdown .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  set   product
truth:  escapes   null

test:  check 3 3 image of a var(p) image .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls another step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to return ipv6 address ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy a deannotate element .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  build   change
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the variable is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively iterates over float64 keys .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  fixes   inverse
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts arma to rest .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  return absolute path of a filename .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets all installed models for a given table .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup a foscam ip platform .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get the plugin plugins from the python plugins .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a list of dictionaries .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   a

test:  write discovery discovery to a directory .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  fetch   copies
truth:  write   discovery

test:  get an object by name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to drop task into a list of mapping temperature .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  format   task
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches a album album by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check nova import .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   check

test:  add a user to an existing user .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  update   program
truth:  ask   user

test:  creates the path to the getmodulename .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  handler for the memory" loggers .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  outputs   run
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a unique product of users with parents .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  creates   users
truth:  create   n

test:  create a new .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function for validating input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath to match their fasta filepath output_fp: output_fp: output_fp: .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   function
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  test loading a python file on a python program .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  write   a
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove table with location and subpackages .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  duplicate   accept
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo covers .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  change unicode of an expression .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  leading   transform
truth:  null   handler

test:  clears the current users log .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  clear   fn
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture providing a fakewebtab .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  boot   pass
truth:  null   null

test:  counts the labels that maps labels to minlength .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  class decorator to be used when its not running an instance of the test .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return the id for a file or directory cli example: .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  to   check

test:  removes single request and returns the success response .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  shortcut   page
truth:  handles   a

test:  make a url for a file .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  resolve current embl to disk .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  iterates   method
truth:  breaks   up

test:  set the default rules for musicbrainz webservice rules .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  rules   set
truth:  set   set

test:  coerce ascii-only byte strings to bytes .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create an api queue for a sequence of specified api .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  retrieves   delete
truth:  access   access

test:  upgrade the key with the given uid .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of intersection sets of disjoint sets .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   module
truth:  return   return

test:  test that > mismatched mismatched and we find a mismatched that started .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove function inside a function that removes all uploaded files that are provided .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  remove   decorator
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert a decorator .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  compute   factory
truth:  change   change

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  null   load
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve an attribute .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  minpoly(add   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects all the translations for each source integer .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete dashboard set and authenticate .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   data
truth:  delete   delete

test:  do a login details .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  token   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check that all errors errors correctly .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  if   error
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  launch the checkout branch dialog .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return a job id .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  logging   null
truth:  send   send

test:  check if prospective is missing .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  modified   targets
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates a directory .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  join   join

test:  return alarm alarm cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks that the simplified dependencies are the same as the .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  writes a redis client where the redis and writes it .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  validates   append
truth:  test   test

test:  lowers the string value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  if   null
truth:  align   a

test:  perform a one-time checkboxselectmultiple on the given string .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests that accounts with existing submission info in the case is created as a valid submission .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  empty   test
truth:  if   null

test:  parses a pattern .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  nicely formated format .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  print   print
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new admin group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator for methods that require a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  list policies installed by name cli example: .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   options
truth:  list   list

test:  get an iterator over all plugins that have already been imported .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  rewrite ranges that are stored in the correct document .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  launch   run
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  tab-completion: tab-completion: half the session is the current session .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  gets   current
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope set environment variables to the build as sub .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   deserialize
truth:  null   null

test:  run one or more warnings in a given file .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  return   a

test:  test sum of sum of sum of mean .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the exchange response into a http response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   use
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the square root directory .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the composition of requests for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  null   up
truth:  lookup   up

test:  temporarily change the previous previous patch for an disabled request .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  determine if it is inside a valid account .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  create   in
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract the given object from an object and extract it as a python file name .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get path with points around a path .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flush all in the twisted compatible way .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  flush   log
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  preprocess options for auxiliary .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator to call a function via a serial decorator .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  get   decorator
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the estimation representation of normalized vectors .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the given string with all non whitespaces .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strip   html
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  coerce x to a string containing a numpy type .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for the given type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate lines from text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generates   dict
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  marks a deprecation warning as deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  run users on outline code .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  runs   utility
truth:  run   run

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   html

test:  helper function that on the star module .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  division of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   return
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate vertex normals for each cli mnist .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initializes the tiles .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  update permissions for a particular module .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  copies   new
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  check the command to see if it has built .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   null
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count the number of elements of each feature in a square of lower-endian .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  compute   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  reads a page from a page .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  extract an inventory from the provided directory .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   data
truth:  extract   null

test:  use gpu backend only for interpolation .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  document   a
truth:  error   error

test:  center loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  null   axes
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that we can freeze pip fail on pip load balancer .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   pip

test:  process a process in a epsv .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  setup   script
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a some version of the string from a string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get networks hosts config .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the ca ca bundle file with the given target pair .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  check shared shared line .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  if   string
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a returns the number of cliques of a graph .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check an error if a valid magic file is valid .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  look up an server id .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  get   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find the sample file by filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   input
truth:  input   input

test:  return the current redaction policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two filename .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   args
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a fake iterator .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  initialize   decorator
truth:  replace   replace

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  given a string and a full string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  inject resources into the provided resources .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  text   implementation
truth:  null   inject

test:  if the register a django service mode processor is already logged in any of a ecommerce service processor .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  object   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display all vmware hosts for this specified host .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   working
truth:  get   a

test:  force the eggs table after each site installed .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  disables   returns
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  return a list of members of a group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  makes a new version/file .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  produce status for a bare .
truth: produce status . 
test:  error   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test loading .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   demonstration
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  returns an absolute uri for changes using split .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   scheme

test:  apply the linear inner covariance matrix to matrices .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  count   prompt
truth:  changes   changes

test:  test our test .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  null   test
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set le script as a venv .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  set   calls
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  null   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  l2 distance between each locale/product of a convolution of a 4d of a reason .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  measure   float
truth:  quantize   a

test:  generate a pypackable format size .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  formats   check
truth:  create   a

test:  get a value from the etcd service .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  aborts this request and return an http request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  errors   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  gets the configuration for this controller .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  generates   connect
truth:  receives   null

test:  tests that astropys does not contain a few model .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add faces from convex loops and end of most recent values .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   instance
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  list all available backup for this tenant .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   list
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the given name exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  raises an exception if a package has a global tool tool .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  host   null
truth:  if   check

test:  handy the url of the current request .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  ensure that the default module is initialized when it is called without a relase .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  if   signals
truth:  patch   patch

test:  ensure requests that the user is allowed to access via a custom session .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  to   actions

test:  check if frozen method is frozen or not .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a timezone in a datetime .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the last element of the home directory .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   shell
truth:  get   get

test:  marks a callback as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  check if expected version of firefox commands .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   sys
truth:  check   check

test:  get library spec .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  multiply   get
truth:  null   replacement

test:  waits for the container .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all tags and strips tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates a list of created events and their associated directories .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generate   generator
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by list .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   float
truth:  get   complex

test:  set a correct document to a specific document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  hook   toggle
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  dumps a structure as yaml .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for use in docs docs .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  fit   a
truth:  fits   a

test:  make sure every argument is in a python path .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   configuration
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the file is the given html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   sequence

test:  takes a tweet and prepends it to an image .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  convert an image to a base64 format and add it as needed for encoding .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  read   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  create an in-memory series of expiration .
truth: search series . 
test:  get   series
truth:  search   series

test:  generate provided points for provided shape .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  starting   starting

test:  flush the virtual server table cli example: .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  changes   a
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a python modules file name return the source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  application release section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the given template .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  renders   up
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that modifies a get form for a post form .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  return   a

test:  step to make sure a runner is raised in step .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  have   a
truth:  make   null

test:  passive passive of the functions that are being run before the next available .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all migration .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  context   get
truth:  finds   null

test:  decode a query string into a query string .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  parse   json
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  training   training
truth:  training   training

test:  return true if the request is a json/ajax one .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  provides the xml tree to show only the named xml characters .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  return the number of bits between 0 and & 0 .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  count   count

test:  set a system delay : the name of the system to set as an output: .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  a utility for the xml tree starting at a given xml node metadata .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  export   get
truth:  return   return

test:  constructs an breadcrumbs page for the breadcrumbs .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  display   difference
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a human-readable config file size .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  count   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns filename or none if it does not exist .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  get   test
truth:  test   test

test:  loads the ninja from the ninja .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  init   score
truth:  targets   targets

test:  queries the blocks of blocks that potentially have different blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  set   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  using the pprint .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  get   migrate
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  return an input stream of a python object .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representing the entire bytes of a file .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract needed for processed for processed .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  count   block
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require an apache site site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   new
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns a list of parameters .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  make a stc from a stc source estimate using a stc matrix .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  source   wrapper
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete a clean build which it isnt going to be removed .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  checks to see if the given feature is enabled .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  converts   check
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup a foscam ip platform .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute a given grep path on the minion cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns string with only one list of values .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  duplicates   string
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  skip a test if configurations has at configurations .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  generate links from files in the given container .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  list   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns link-local solicited-node multicast address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  if   map
truth:  extract   null

test:  allocate an image from a virtual location .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  process given file name and replace its contents .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  compare   contents

test:  centers the pprint for the specified value .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  null   integer
truth:  print   print

test:  return v1 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  return   return
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a 2d array into a numpy array .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   binary
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  triangular moving average .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get the first located between start and end .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  hook-sysconfig hook-sysconfig .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  tps is a log file which is not always yet for the expected x and log base .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  allow   product
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint from the statuspage endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : declarator lparen lparen lparen direct_declarator direct_declarator .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  warn a attack description .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  format   null
truth:  warn   null

test:  mark a spam or spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  marathon pods test that marathon pods to be deployed .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  test   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  given a qualified types .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  accept   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  returns true if the object is a indirect member .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  if   a
truth:  string   string

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  check   load
truth:  null   null

test:  get front lists lists inside loops .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if file exists .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  if   read
truth:  if   null

test:  validates the given ip and return it as a local ip address .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the rank of the rank at the given word .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a given xml input and convert it into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   input
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check that something expressed in *icrs* as being moon-like goes to the right distance between the correct distance .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  test   whitespace
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that a translation plural targets are valid .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  like   tests
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the from the given value and return it .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  add the --user options to an http endpoint .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  handle   handle

test:  takes a list of version models and returns a sorted list .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if external socket is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cms link to the block of a block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  release the project to the latest directory .
truth: release the package . 
test:  uploads   null
truth:  release   release

test:  convert file path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  place any assignment that may exist .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  setup   decrypt
truth:  build   build

test:  run a subprocess and return its output .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  output   run
truth:  executes   a

test:  visualise each segment of a rank with a given color .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a nn point of nan .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  test   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the current processs system is a updateable executable .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   returns

test:  open an argument that uses the shelve library .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  open   load
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns a local time zone .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  modified   get

test:  checks if any existing labels have a list of mpls labels .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a symbolic link .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the named service <name> is not currently installed .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  return   return
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  test that passing just initialized to the correct number of arrays .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  if   parameters
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy an instance model from one of the given object to another .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  validate the status of a connection error .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns the local using the het architecture .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  provides   debug
truth:  test   test

test:  prints usage information .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process and all of its descendants .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   process
truth:  kill   kill

test:  decorator to ensure that the @no_type_check passed in is a postscript attribute on success .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  right check for outer outer and right .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  produce   null
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  activate activate versions of alarm in current s3 bucket .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  template   null
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a package type and returns a dict of name .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  collects all external api hook from the api .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  add   null
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the named adapted file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  determine   read
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse the given action .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  like   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  read from a given file path and return it .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  skip a test method that skips panel without the test suite .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  loads common source file and returns a list of paths .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get api: bindings for rendering .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  get   context
truth:  return   return

test:  the root directory for root .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  call   method
truth:  null   method

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  resolve   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  create temporary directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  step across chunks of steps and return them as list .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  matching   steps
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively find this xblocks xblocks that the release possible to match the release .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  a decorator that can be used to add a single method to your test commands .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  shows the standard normal part of a file .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  null   part

test:  choose a random tests with all tests in it .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  null   function
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the secrets manager used by the secrets database and secret .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that item with been added to the correct .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   type

test:  returns true if the given content is a lyrics close .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  query a query with the specified queries .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  queries   handle
truth:  query   query

test:  takes a roads list of html and returns a roads roads points .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  lists   failure
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a content-type like etag .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   rl_backward_char
truth:  test   test

test:  installs main application .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  find   find

test:  list kl .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  prints   log
truth:  print   print

test:  clears internal users .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  document   document

test:  loads the sample images from a given python modules .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  source   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the binary crossentropy between target and log .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  compute   compute

test:  build a configuration formatted from deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  uses   parse
truth:  warn   null

test:  this is a utiliy method to help with a relative url for interacting with the passed arguments .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a dense numpy array to the expected values .
truth: compute np . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  compute   np

test:  normalizes a phone number using a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  download the source accuracy of a color image .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  perform   image
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the media player should render its video output .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  set   set
truth:  pause   pause

test:  returns the complex part of a complex part of the value .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  copied   get
truth:  =   =

test:  computes polynomial division of the ground polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  allow   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  expands xml to be displayed in string .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a >>= b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a list of events to the named virtual name cli example: .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  list   function
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file from a remote file to a remote file .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete an rds parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  make a figure with the given figure and height it for the running figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  get the configuration value of a key .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set some security headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  null   data
truth:  set   set

test:  add a a a a ssl servicegroup cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a context manager that changes the jinja line with a stringio .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  wraps a call pipeline .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  place   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  get group types by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  returns the first ttl of the named container ttl .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  build a / keyword from a wrapper .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  build   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test to ensure that something can be used to run a visualization object from a list of buggy and that we can want to "c" recursively not change the chain
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  builds the network associated with the passed ip address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  converts   ip
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns list of files that can be used to change the given list of changed files to indicating if changed .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  checks   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve an object by name .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a simple distance matrix .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  uses   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  decorator to ensure that we can use the backend being run .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  return the command and directory path for a site .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  sort   handles
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg draft registration draft and corrects draft metadata .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  evenly the sequence of elements in a collection of length k .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a kernel file is installed .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  registers   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  return vmlinux vmlinux .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  remove a file pathname from a pathname .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  string   predicate
truth:  name   name

test:  transform one hot hot action to another action .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test reading mri mri .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  get all bevel line numbers that are made on .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to normal ordered an expression with bosonic .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  parse   order
truth:  write   null

test:  converts the given sequences into a human-readable code string .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to deny as long as long .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  kill and kill the latest time .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  runs   prints
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns a class object that is an instance of the string .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  read code from a file .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   return
truth:  read   read

test:  rough duck search for a given duck .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  like   a
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from a estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  ensure message handle errors are saved .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  error   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wait for a function to be changed on the target .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  make   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  concatenates the operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  promotes   alias
truth:  null   null

test:  gets the xmodules that belong to the xmodule package points .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  extract   sitewide
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  identify the first landmark service .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  release   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  copy a cache object into one that will be created with the given object .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   copies
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  defines the inception v3 for inception scope .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  setup the available curve certificate auth file .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   a

test:  unpacks constraints .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  returns   response
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  converts a bit object to a string .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the popularity value for the given obj .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  trending   returns
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  return multiple classes of attribute .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a diff .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and angle line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch the given id and id .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name can still be parsed back to its original form for both single folders and multi .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters all model instances except for given dict of names .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  filter   filter

test:  encode and then returns extension .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  set last user active .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  allows   ipython
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that the entire tree exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  feature files finds and files within a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   list
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return true if the provided endpoint url is a valid endpoint .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a random subset of samples for samples .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  a function to install a model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  decorator to ensure that the current user is authorized to one of the configured desktop .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  require   null
truth:  return   return

test:  push a new document in a bokeh document .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  set   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  add paragraphs info to enhance enhance and output .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  like   information
truth:  using   null

test:  helper decorator that maps a function after a function .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a double expression with its operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   a

test:  tests which are generated in the given test .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a overrides style encoding type .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  callback   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  remove titles references .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   get
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if an instance is a google instance .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add y path from the path .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the reduced row with a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure a package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  removes the contents of the users incrontab file for the specified user cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  write   get
truth:  writes   null

test:  run the static file on the static file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  null   null
truth:  content   content

test:  log request headers .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write text in text format to text file .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   text
truth:  text   text

test:  sanitize a sab .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  input   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fetch a url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  is   a
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  checks for a tab .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  validates   arguments
truth:  throws   null

test:  make some transformation for a deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the machines ip addresses :returns: list of strings of ip addresses .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  get   get

test:  determines if the first class of cr is initialized .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted text to stderr .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   text
truth:  print   print

test:  generate the config file and size .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  update   a

test:  a view that returns error message indicating whether the request was error .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   null
truth:  view   view

test:  converts a nicer with a like floating point value .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create a default 128 .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  wait for a list of the sensible sensible sensible resource if it will also have any other than the given requirejs .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  filter image with gaussian structure using gaussian structure .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests that the user is being performed and to run them as a new submission .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   response
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  logs a context with the current log context .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  context   log
truth:  set   set

test:  run a shell command using docker operation .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  update   null
truth:  map   map

test:  getinfos get the certificate from a certificate .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  extract   info

test:  regression test for url this currently being used with approvals .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  check   test
truth:  url   url

test:  save an existing session file to disk .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  returns a string of all registered fieldset classes .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return disk usage as a numeric system .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  validate google error requests .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a submission or method on a stream .
truth: print with color . 
test:  null   html
truth:  print   print

test:  returns the friendly greeting .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  generate   delete
truth:  to   null

test:  checks if we can run a mock for available tests .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  strip the xml element whose elementtree got got .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  control   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find numbers with negative signs .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  load a notebook notebook from the given notebook .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  load   load
truth:  prepare   null

test:  set labels on the system .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  set   debconf
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal byte string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  rebuild and build the desired state for bugs .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  stochastic updates updates the loss and returns a dict of updates the requested loss .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return a synchronization wrapper that raises an error when given .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escape a string so it can be used as an integer in a <script> block without accidentally closing it .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  set the scroll of vagrant requests to a single port on the device .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  set   thrift
truth:  link   a

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  to   find
truth:  find   find

test:  loads a template from the master context .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the details of the server cli example: .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  format   information
truth:  display   ret

test:  wrapper around cause an xml library .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the interactive interactive shell command .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  function   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  adjust the filesystem .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  paste   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the simultaneous matlab function for an array of pairs .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   test
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the debug function .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  update   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of files from the storage file and save it to sys .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  joins urls with django .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that custom inverse usually usually when the table of another models .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a machine that only one header attributes .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a new array with rank decomposition of the matrix a : matrix returns r : ndarray .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  create   distance
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  construct a new song instance .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return a protocol for the specified tool .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a route regex to the passed regex .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  compare   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract the available versions from a package .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  list   list
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  iterates   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns the model for the provided experiment model .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  creates   directory

test:  decorator to indicate that the user is a decorator .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a dictionary of lists from the sequence .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  build   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  decorator to consistently getheader matches the same file as the vms in the same format as the calling fits .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a single tensor containing inputs into a single input .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flatten   convert
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send a message to a channel or channel .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  test that it can be initialized with a 3d one .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  test   github
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a user against a resource .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  convert an s3 key to a uri .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  is   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the cumulative .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  match a regexp and match the appropriate string .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  extract integer weekdays for a given year .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  build   convert
truth:  produces   a

test:  returns a declarative base class .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper uses the specified course id .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   api

test:  compute svd of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  reconstruct   fit
truth:  rank   rank

test:  convert text into a long integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  do   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a string of the form encodes the detached into a datetime object .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  indent text .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  return   text
truth:  given   indent

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds the barcode match between dist and the query at once .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  we must use a home page .
truth: home page . 
test:  null   report
truth:  null   page

test:  user can skip tests with page .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  verbose   copies
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get current scale scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of a win_path message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a group uid and gid id from id .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  shut down event .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  release   instance
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  execute parent logic .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  empty   batch
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator for marking the decorated method as cache .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  creates a new global secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the wink sensor .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates checksum that check for provided offset .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  join   proxy
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  return a mock for tests that require a given nonexistent path .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   question
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der class from a der object .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  generate an centroid unit where the given unit .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  expand   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  get default standard standard encoding or a python file .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  file   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   user

test:  check metrics of qt lambda .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   server
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security security group group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  plot the day summary of the represent represent some sort .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  plot   tomcat
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the cubic path by begin and end .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract all fields of cnt .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  list   list
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  return a list of standard files found in the app .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  find possible matrices of a list of possible bits of log bits .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  test that an exception not built .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  removes a module from a name of a module .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  remove   class
truth:  unload   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  removes all root environment files .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  send a notification about a given host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  take   a
truth:  send   a

test:  clear context variables stored in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  set up a simple session .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  compile a string using regex .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquote a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  match a string in the form of a string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  gets the list of flags for a given user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  flags   flags

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  execute   nagios
truth:  run   one

test:  converts a paypal string to a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  takes   converts
truth:  returns   a

test:  builds a direct message from a configuration message .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances for the given version of the module .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient of a step step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  null   gradient
truth:  null   gradient

test:  a signal receiver which updates the last login login in the specified user .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  show   one
truth:  to   null

test:  helper for imageidfield .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  add   image
truth:  color   channels

test:  find an absolute module in a module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  determine if the given datastore name is in the identity .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the given port is a router interface .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string into a c{root} .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  takes a list of key pairs .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  create   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  this function finds and see if there were the same segments as identifiers .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  returns   var
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  retrieves a batch of targets for the configured notification listener .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  gets   implementation
truth:  return   a

test:  remove the named file .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffchunkgenerator class used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  we only here because we have a namespace that is not defined .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the firstset is valid and html .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop any sequence of whitespace chars with a single space .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chop   attempt
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  destroy   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  test presence to altaz color function .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   checking
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  update   patch_file
truth:  insert   insert

test:  set a function to be called from l{error_class_map} to get information about any arguments .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   a

test:  munging to turn a method into a sizer .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  multiplies   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a string that is a terminal:: exc_info .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  for backward compatibility with python 2 .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  code   a
truth:  makes   everything

test:  check the 2samples .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  detaches   html
truth:  plot   plot

test:  make a question formatted from either something or a string that can be formatted .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  return   information
truth:  request   worker

test:  return modulus modulus from arguments .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  command   example
truth:  create   create

test:  given a set of image play it as a csv-formatted .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  return the configfile object for the given autoconfig client .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  run all the command to download a specific folder .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  returns a attributes that is the type name for a type .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a network network_id network_id id of network network_id .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns a string with the major and the like .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return the path to the root directory of an existing library .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create a type class for a given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert __namespace__ keys into memory .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that seq2[86] can be listed in a single shell .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of inter-community edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual vif on a instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  if   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   listening_ports
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calling test .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  check   test
truth:  following   following

test:  iterates through all translations from a translations .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a task to the current task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  add   add
truth:  update   update

test:  shutdown a network device cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  checks if a user is supported with standard permission .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  if   current
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  verifies that a equals b .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  verifies   checks
truth:  make   null

test:  reset a domain via acpi request cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  safely get the %s; files from a given directory .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  is   run
truth:  null   null

test:  escape & .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  null   versions

test:  this function is called by multiprocessing when the program starts .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   cpu
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add a prefix to the system key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a string representing the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  search   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generates batches of batches of imagenet images on a single column of inputs .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  input   alias
truth:  generate   batches

test:  find corpus that are references from the isozaki .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a new package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change qapplication to use when we get a friendly file name .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  make   null
truth:  change   change

test:  run a bash shell command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   a

test:  returns the numeric assortativity coefficient for the samples in g .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  access   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return information about a certificate cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  get   change
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete a rabbitmq rabbitmq application .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to see if expected results are easily easily easily sets the negative path to a negative sets of expected results in bytes .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find image by id or name .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all roles from a user on a user .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  a decorator to perform a processor methods to do a timeout/etc api .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove a tag from a question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure the keystone tenant is absent name the name of the tenant to remove tenant .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate a figure with one image .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  plot   image
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to create and return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  search if the base fact is atom .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  configs   find
truth:  return   return

test:  assume that the named service is not disabled to start at boot .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  assume   return
truth:  to   check

test:  wraps a string to list of text .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   string
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  search for the given file/directory and return the list of modules cli example: .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  weekly weekly downloads downloads downloads downloads .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  start   null
truth:  update   update

test:  normal part of a template .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   risch
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw byte into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make sure the jenkins module is enabled when color is not enabled .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  msg   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  remove the directory from sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  an editable server .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  host   windows
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  put   waits
truth:  perform   one

test:  parse a filename into a list of active ranges .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if a token is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  reject   reject

test:  returns information about the version of the specified package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  package   information
truth:  get   get

test:  locate a ctypes library name .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test an existing suggestion with a suggestion .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  records   null
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  performs   in
truth:  null   null

test:  saves a model to the existing new model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  returns the authenticated hosts to use for the service .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  returns   domain
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a continuous random variable with a von distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   append
truth:  create   a

test:  get an http response for the given request .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  get   cluster

test:  validate that stat version is a valid version of distutils .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  document add .
truth: new document form . 
test:  null   add
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  authentication decorator that allow authentication to view permutations .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  require   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return the non-normalized data passed for this minion cli example: .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  look   domain
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  transform a block into a block of matrices .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  catch   copies
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading spm spm with spm .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  read   test
truth:  test   test

test:  runs the test sdk on the gae tests .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  ensure   arguments
truth:  run   run

test:  never never never mix .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  get translate matrix and delete the translate attributes .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if dladm is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  to   null

test:  print a natural logarithm of a human readable form .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  return a 2-d metric of the appropriate scalar function .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get submodules of all submodules and scatter() functions .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  show all pending hosts on the given zone .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  include   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns true if f is a hexidecimal .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format all facts for a specific facts cli example: .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  set   facter
truth:  run   facter

test:  gets a string of solid using the specified number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  convert   seconds
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  download the resource at the given request and initialized from the keyword .
truth: download a file . 
test:  downloads   controller
truth:  download   a

test:  take a snapshot of a snapshot from a snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  take   a

test:  get the bracket portion of the bracket .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap a decorator for classes when creating an elemwise class .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  like   conversion
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  loading   scenario
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  add a sparse tensor to a sparse tensor .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test error d convert a unit unit function .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   replace
truth:  convert   convert

test:  n-dimensional nxn filter to convert tensor of an battery tensor to a certain graph .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  reshape   null
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test that a mapping of mapping grain with more than one argument .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  test   checks
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns minimum spanning of a minimum spanning forest of an undirected graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  generate   edges

test:  decorator that ignores exceptions when a deprecation warnings is raised .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  ignore   null

test:  inner polynomial gcd from embarrassingly-simple file .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  add triangle given stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   step
truth:  add   faces

test:  return x .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  parse   tuple
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a name of the kwargs passed to the function name .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   language
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the surface and a 1d technique .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  produces   null

test:  find a realm entity for a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  doji star .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   baby

test:  generate a list of mappings for fs .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check user .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   python
truth:  check   check

test:  parse a json file and return a numpy json string .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  parse   response
truth:  behave   behave

test:  on a list of webserver .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the line abelian for each edge group of g .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   graph
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format warnings here to a warning .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return list of pagination entries .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  determine   index
truth:  show   show

test:  kill a process with given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  given a local module name .
truth: in apps . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  null   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  restores the headers to create a new environment .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create a hadoopcli client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  yield successive chunks from a list .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   split
truth:  list   list

test:  a factory function that can be substituted in the main thread .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  func   a
truth:  lay   null

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a product of terms of product .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  search   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name of 8bit ascii string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  provide   returns
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate bearing given features and extrapolate bearing .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   bearing

test:  internal api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  construct   function
truth:  return   return

test:  for cross compatibility between python 2 and python 3 strings .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  converts   decodes
truth:  encode   in

test:  modifies path to the context .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  error   a
truth:  null   null

test:  if the ansible group doesnt exist .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert a list of dictionaries to a scope string .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields for the provided list of fields .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ip address for a node .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  function   a
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  normalize key - marketplace session - requires different id or session key .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  make   null

test:  creates a hashable out of sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  pairs   returns
truth:  null   element

test:  convert an array to a basic array of values .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  f_i class decorator to set the litterals of closed classes in a class .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  connect   function
truth:  wraps   a

test:  return a sample sample of samples for samples that is 2-4 than beta .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  given   current

test:  return the user that owns a given file this function will return the rarely group of a given file .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  run a slash check on a node .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  set   fixture
truth:  check   check

test:  this method provides the receipt time for the given receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  normalized   a
truth:  reissues   null

test:  validates that value is a valid width bit .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  returns the directory to use for a given hash .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  looks   null

test:  return samples in file samples as a file object .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   data
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  a decorator that returns a list of asynchronous methods .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  rest controller for kits .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  module   import
truth:  to   controller

test:  creates a new .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  returns   truncate
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   call
truth:  like   like

test:  try to obtain the place out of the minion .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   strips
truth:  return   return

test:  callback for split_options which does not contain list2 .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  xml   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write various files .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  run a whole able to return information on the minion cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  if   statistics
truth:  show   show

test:  prints an error message .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  usage   failure
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  gets a authorized response object from inclusion_no_params_from_template inclusion_no_params_from_template .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  send   send

test:  read a comma-separated from a file .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   decorator
truth:  to   function

test:  return a users api client .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the given file in the given format containing the given format .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  file   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get a group members from its security group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   group

test:  generate a json file containing a json file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generates   ldap
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copies one or more utils to a string .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  retrieve the reparse data windows for windows .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a decorator to make a single method def to debounce .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  prevents   null

test:  returns string that represents md5 string to utf-8 .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  retrieve   basestring
truth:  get   get

test:  return a copy of the string s with all occurrences of substring replaced with the -> .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create an alert link that spawns a few modbus server .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  expected   s
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  consume the dns socket at the given url .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  connect   python
truth:  consume   messages

test:  attempts to find an instructions instructions .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  get   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop the buffer cache for the given range using the given range .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  start a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  return true if filename is a nzb .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fix weve configuration and oscillator oscillator .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  reverse   left=1
truth:  draw   null

test:  a decorator that catches a processor status of the wrapped function .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  flattens flattens positions .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  given   html
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a version string like major .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  clean   version
truth:  given   a

test:  helper method to grab maker .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   a

test:  restores a previous configuration file for a resource on the filesystem .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given output .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  null   geos
truth:  null   functions

test:  return a reference to a sequence of tuples of tuples .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  swap two inputs of inputs and return their includes_tools .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  interprets   returns
truth:  if   in

test:  cast sparse matrices to float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  return   s
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove ansi escape sequences from source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  strip   strips
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  returns true if g is a biconnected .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  find a given path in the executable in the given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  return   a
truth:  file   file

test:  parse a requirements file and return a list of tuples .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  parse   lines
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart references: * url * url * url * url * url * microsoft sql quote to send with sql .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  union   union
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  prints any optional comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  search   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  given a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  checks if a string denotes compatible with compatible html; types .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate generated objects for specified source code .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generates   load
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return matching filter values in the cluster specified in the cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  given   a
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of error codes .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  error   error
truth:  error   error

test:  get a single docstring processor .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  return   data
truth:  select   null

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  make   updates
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves all users from the network device cli example: .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  configured   null

test:  given a list of flavor requests .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   load
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a new command and returns a configured babysitter .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies with_retry to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   fields

test:  pass in the defaults dict and delete environment dict .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   attributes
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable the disable event loop by moving and run a response .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  start   render
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns either a conditional error number of second elements of a and pro .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   values

test:  checks if a python platform is bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  launch the infile positions for a certain port .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  null   words
truth:  stripping   null

test:  adapt a new navigation blob to a compiled blob .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  objects   objects

test:  return create exceptions for the around exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  null   create
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test unless a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  extract the response data from the jsonutils api response .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  displays   wrapper
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set the output of a file .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  change   configure
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that is requested with a remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  null   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get local s3 image represented by provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   create
truth:  find   find

test:  add two values that are equal to x .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  runs given dataset and files as a temporary directory .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  downloads   client
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ensure that we are created when creating a folder in our db .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import a dotted module path and return the attribute/class designated by the last function in .
truth: source: django . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   django

test:  test setup smtp stubs .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  are   null
truth:  to   null

test:  helper function to generate a list of columns according to the homebrew .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  format   items

test:  convert a pandas name of the values of a singleton singleton to a mismatch polynomial .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  remove   wrapper
truth:  wrap   a

test:  regression test for #5350 functions .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  returns a boolean if the origin file has already been registered from a whitespaces .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  transform a polynomial of a positive integer to 8bit .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  a view decorator for views that require a group to be used .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  unlinks two most common data from node1 and between node1 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a free communities that is useful for the given community sequence of community mu l .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract integer override from an object type and return it .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  enable   bytes
truth:  takes   a

test:  searches for a query parameter .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  build   null
truth:  use   database

test:  reset index to reset .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  select   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dictionary of all the objects of an action with relevant data .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all existing and grr names .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  collect   null

test:  this is a helper method to create a ccx method for getting the ccx .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write the data to the specific file .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  return   logging
truth:  write   null

test:  view to registered user about html .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  cleanup the output directory .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  output   output

test:  converts a list of boolean values into a dictionary .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  escape   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  serialize the given xml string to a string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  make a web call to a specific resource name .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the total cost of a computes group of the model group of a given penalty .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper to create a variable initialized with a shape and initialized .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the last existing window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the cups sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  set   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a content-type of the form directives into a tuple of h .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write an archive file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  download   download

test:  the 0 batched batched in two objects like objects .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  build a gitlab for a combines request .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  null   webhook

test:  receives the input for the user from parsed .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test that review spans test .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   span

test:  add a batch of all given batch on the given job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   a

test:  stores items and time them in the datastore and time them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  parse a dict of keys .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return the conditions in a structured way .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  function   null
truth:  func   func

test:  parse a page to a page .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  detects   null

test:  a model that computes a bug that matches a matching model .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize devices with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  create a new root project .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  create   example
truth:  create   a

test:  bins data to a binned binary .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  pickling   return
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fit one of the data .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  fit   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  determines if the given name is trailing reserved .
truth: for example . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the deprecated string .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  complex logistic to logistic .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  null   scale
truth:  note   note

test:  converts a camelcase string to its keys .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  test that a pkg can be installed and install a new requirements .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sends an menu to one or more commands .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  call   callback
truth:  list   list

test:  unpack unicode data .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  convert   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  gets an attribute name from the infinite interface .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calculates the t-test quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  compute sigmoid sigmoid .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  update a file .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  file   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns data usage of data needed to pass it to the buffer .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  returns   deserialize
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  perform a work in the database .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   size
truth:  returns   a

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  cool   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  cancel all the logging alerts .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  null   step
truth:  null   null

test:  add a profile menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  add   a

test:  disable monitoring from qt output .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  fast fastq to qual conversion .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  truncate   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  stubs an instance of a named instance .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  replace   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check all dependencies have a given dependency .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  check   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return the shape of the indices in iterables .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  normalise   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create term node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  make   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return an event object suitable for the named node .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a specified timezone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a storage storage storage path .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   function

test:  upload a given package .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  given a collection .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the salt account .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  write the entire text of a file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  get a single releases with its musicbrainz artist .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  release   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   return
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach an existing virtual machine .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one unicode string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   array
truth:  generate   one

test:  some ipython ipython interface .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  returns   call
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a generator that yields a setup in setup setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  find   a
truth:  yield   path

test:  create a test file .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  process   process

test:  links to a document .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  link   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  inject the request for a boolean .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  figure   figure

test:  reset keyboard counter for jinja2 .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  end   null
truth:  query   query

test:  return the contents of an interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to deny as long as long long doesnt already have that header set to deny as long
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  determine if a peripheral number is a valid integer type .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  if   number
truth:  function   function

test:  fancy on formatted logging .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  logging   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the matrix exponential of a non-negative kronform .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts a text string to a human readable string .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  null   string
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the hash of the git hash for the git command .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  forces   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  input a condition cli example: .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  ensure   information
truth:  return   a

test:  return dhcp api configuration in dhcp of dhcp .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a signed message dictionary of headers given the headers and body .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  enables randomization of context via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  expand the linux user in the imap4 stream .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  expands   python
truth:  return   return

test:  returns task output of task output .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  given   fits
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple from instance .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return true if fname contains a bad lookup object .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  if   check
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp options with vpc vpc id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create the verifier to use when creating a verifier object .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  set up the fake module for the given scipy .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  appends   testing
truth:  package   package

test:  update a table metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   crud

test:  capa arguments to load a template .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  null   task
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture to return a temporary dataset as such as a temporary dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service via systemd .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  memo recurrence of a assoc base .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of active mounts on the system cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  check   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the mysensors service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of current page try to find all requests for a project .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  migrate   load
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  copy an identity key from a list of arguments to be a scenario .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create a mock scenario and create actions .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc def .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns polynomial content in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   gcd
truth:  to   try

test:  pretty-print an object to a temp object .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  indentation   null
truth:  format   a

test:  notify usage about the given volume period .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  cached   send
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  redirect stderr to a code in a context .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   wrapper
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the template for loading purposes .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  clear   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  open a project by name and then open it as a file .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  load   null
truth:  return   a

test:  if the event bus is chaikin .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  accept   rate
truth:  process   process

test:  get the correct file path of a specific directory .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a compresses key function that uses the proper keyword arguments .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  make   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the metric of the graph .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  template tag that performs a bootstrap message from multiple cluster .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  store   a
truth:  return   return

test:  google google provisioner connection connection .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  prepares   handler
truth:  create   create

test:  locate a file from a url .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  locate   a

test:  calculate the syndrome vector of syndrome or n .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  performs   message
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a display resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   new

test:  raise a message if not met .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new pool .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  null   version
truth:  create   a

test:  return the response content as a pair of google content type .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  return   function
truth:  set   set

test:  documents a resource action on the given resource .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   nd
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add x x intersections with the x intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  save an image as a file .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  resizes   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  fixture providing and iarc events for a topic .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  stub meant to wait on proxy settings to do not act .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  if   working
truth:  starts   null

test:  helper function to translate the exception on failure .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci devices allocated to a node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to open a source file from the given module .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  to   custom
truth:  execute   a

test:  sets the current level level for the request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  given a python module name .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  module   a
truth:  module   module

test:  network training using the network and packet .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  allocate   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require tutorial test .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   create
truth:  require   null

test:  return all 20 with an action trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the current movie play player object .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  step 1b takes a vowel or a vowel .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends a notification connection to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  read   messages

test:  splitpasswd like foo .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  linear regression test for linearity a linear regression this is a separate implementation for testing with the regression .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  computes   tests
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  compute a string of the hash digest of text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  generate   string
truth:  create   create

test:  converts value into an integer .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   checks
truth:  convert   a

test:  take the not-in-place units in one of the latest units and return it .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  like os .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  function   path
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator to mark magic functions as replication has a function .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  to   decorate
truth:  to   decorator

test:  asserts that the http server returned on the server .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  perform a prime number of integer n .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  use   use

test:  delete all worker jobs .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  shortcut   status
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ a affected unattached .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compiles a space-separated tag .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import and return object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  returns   runs
truth:  import   a

test:  a no-op setup .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  stack   wrapper
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  return the indexes of the redirects index .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  index   index
truth:  find   find

test:  adds a custom panel panel for each panel in the database .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   column

test:  transform to string .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  prepend   a

test:  returns a next-hop value from a float of q .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of files matching the provided directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  files   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction where the image is less than the expected one .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the contents of an file as a byte string .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing time since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  detect an alias for the given node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  module   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  square two arrays .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  square   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  doji star .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pattern

test:  a decorator that helps to be checked .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  create a job of logs and create its parents .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  move   a
truth:  starts   a

test:  render daily table for actual time string .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  start   a
truth:  display   a

test:  execute the refresh module on the master .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  pass   action
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the path to the executable provided it exists and is on the systems path retrieved from code snippet by jay: url test-if-executable-exists-in-python .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  url   url

test:  group elements of user-cfg examples .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  null   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decode a jpeg string into one of the encoded jpeg .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  return   decode
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by a change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   oauth
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the aaq languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  make sure the request is up to do it .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  convert the value into an integer or default value .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   integer
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 with an image .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  waits for the process to become assertion with a assertion to the passed expression .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  remove a ccx from certain collection of a ccx file .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  context   context

test:  load a json object given its full python module .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  to   try

test:  verify that a categorical categorical passes is a valid categorical .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call a function until it returns true or the timeout .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  runs   decorator
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop the given server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  cli a query .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  run   sql
truth:  null   information

test:  return a string without tags .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  do   return
truth:  noop   noop

test:  return the default group of the named package(s) cli example: .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  null   policy
truth:  return   a

test:  return a set of service that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the path to the rcctl(8) command .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  connect   interface
truth:  uses   rar

test:  ensure that the alpha entry is valid .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  merge two sorted arrays .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  take   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  loads the theme plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   plugins

test:  divide l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   load
truth:  save   null

test:  make the storage code at revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether a possible code is leading by a leading calling code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  check   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  appends correlation to the range of the ith function .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  base   time
truth:  offset   offset

test:  takes a url and prepends the file path .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given two pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the overlap loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  indices   object
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the coefficient between the points in the passed array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   reduction
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates a django user with the provided password .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test multi interpolation .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns list of names of names of the given pattern matching the given pattern .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   null

test:  get event manager from media player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   get

test:  get the temperature temperature color .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a machine by name cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  mark a function or method as unsafe:: .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test if a figure is emitted .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   intervals
truth:  creating   test

test:  wrapper around nuke .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  get the string with the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check poles whitelist parameters .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  if   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  check that message matches extractors and raises valueerror if the message fails .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start tomcat for the specified tomcat .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  push a remote .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  push   push

test:  test that a file can be installed .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  function converts expr to binary representation .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes a string to a list of plain text .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  parse   returns
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads extra trees either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   load
truth:  function   function

test:  only allow leading unary to find slave .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for qtgui .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the numpy data and returns a dataset .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set the language to the specified scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   set

test:  generate a list of an array of samples of challbs tuples .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   size=
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns a two-coloring of the graph g .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable jquery on the system .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  plots   new
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  ipdb ipdb will return x .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  build   order
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of files that contain changed files that are changed for the executing executing files that have changed .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  get   a

test:  disable paging on the output cli example: .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   versions
truth:  disable   null

test:  get a set of actual languages .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get an api request to the correct api .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   container
truth:  account   account

test:  test that passing a number of ratios ratios .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  returns the printable activation name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  return   activation

test:  parse a traditional of the given string and return a list of data .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  make sure the crash for the current crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  sleep   null
truth:  do   null

test:  load collectors from all datasets .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise truth value of two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  get all available node parent parent of a node .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  return   list
truth:  get   get

test:  pass me an object as a matrix .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  gets   fits
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group add .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   asset
truth:  add   add

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   reduction
truth:  null   deviation

test:  ensure a save save were given a vlan to vswitch .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  if   access
truth:  create   a

test:  disconnect all the available receivers .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  remove   try
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  ensures   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  build an argumentparser with the script listed in the script .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  build   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 with an image .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  helper that generate a random color color color color .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   numeric

test:  return a multi-dimensional or string of the shortcut specific to use .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  like   version
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns vhds vhds if existing stock come are made .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  set   patch
truth:  null   null

test:  update the updates number of seconds in user .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  finds   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  internal helper function to construct a compiler tag .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   calls
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   equality_expression
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  resolve the container name .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  retry_count   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  enable stdout and stderr generated by fakeiostreams .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  logging   stdout
truth:  enable   console

test:  get the authentication api key for the given key .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   dict

test:  wraps users to do a pem password .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  returns a unicode object representing s .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a users relationship between user and user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return the lower bound to the lower bound weight .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  iterates over gap .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  join   join

test:  custom formstyle for incident incident page .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   a
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test function for handling handling coordinates of different autoserv coordinates .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  creating   test

test:  ignore options and call options .
truth: check if options . 
test:  return   get
truth:  if   check

test:  execute commands on this machine .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  command   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  main section of the script .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  analyze   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  parse and return a string from a string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   html
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run all pending scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  mark   captions
truth:  run   run

test:  pass the image and rois within an image and rois .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  reading   disk
truth:  project   image

test:  return the current host name .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the internal callback .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  return   a

test:  install an ssl configuration .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  creates an adapter certificate .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  get or create user by email .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   randomly

test:  returns true if the current request is a beta .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a string of microseconds into a time .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set evoked data using a range of evoked data .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  visualize   function
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the url for a thumbnail .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  list   pass
truth:  return   return

test:  return a cartesian scalar scalar .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element by list .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  converts access to lowercase .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a actual actual user properties .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return caffe caffe .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  modify a libcrypto .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  set   up

test:  convert an object to a json json json string .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is blocked .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  unpickle app for versions .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  signal a new lock .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  write   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal module is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  converts a string to a /usr/share/doc/ .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  like   format
truth:  formats   a

test:  issue a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if g is independent .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load a class from its string representation .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  formats items into a list of dns tuples .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  makes a random metric value .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> str hex-encodes data .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the double value of the most recently value .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  test that a number can contain a monit config file .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  makes a color by preserving its contents of color classes .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   a

test:  will save all previous reviews in the index .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  generate   downloads_series
truth:  takes   a

test:  helper to convert a time string to a unix time object .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  convert   http

test:  rest controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   null

test:  return the image from the given image url .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  return   return

test:  title a server .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  get   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets all fixed ips from the supplied interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email email address .
truth: change users email . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a quad bit onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging delete .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns a dict of expected key shown for the specified user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use this endpoint to wrap a view so that the view will use for any plugin through .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  fetches a list of all known ports on the system .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  updates an exception object to the model .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  index   exception
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable the service cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  converts   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  return a url from a url being missing .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  take   returns
truth:  compare   compare

test:  basic gradient descent a running shell .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  use   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a new event session .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   session

test:  check if the docstring is a valid docstring .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  make   a
truth:  entries   entries

test:  return a list of keys .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  returns   configuration
truth:  get   one

test:  construct an image filename for storing additional information about a base file .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns terminal size for a given terminal .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  get   get

test:  module importer for the provided string .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  do   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  developer_message pings and return none .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   glance
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of users .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  generate an individual statement for use in a list of from: classes .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  regroups   outputs
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  format   a
truth:  null   encoder

test:  splits image into temporary file .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   null

test:  log the controller for debugging .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  logs   netmiko
truth:  log   log

test:  verify that a set of axes match a path .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  return   redirects
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  horizontal reconstruction on an array of all image should be zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   scharr
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt message with the given key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   data
truth:  given   null

test:  utf-8 utf-8 encoding to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   encoding
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  generates list of available files in the given static file .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  update   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return data to a pg server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   data

test:  tests translator comments are stored and synced .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize a container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  start   run
truth:  create   create

test:  convert two directories of one of the same artifactory_url to another module .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  null   return
truth:  provide   null

test:  loads the given document in the given document .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test female female by identifier and sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set debconf to debconf questions for <name> cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   dns
truth:  set   system

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   validate
truth:  -   -

test:  return a string of the job id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a single weighted graph for the latest triples triples triples .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dicts dicts into a dict .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  like   decode
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a window registry for the given window .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  change the internal shell in the test case .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  clear   fixture
truth:  create   a

test:  test plotting of 4-d .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if a header value is set correctly .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the subcorr inverse of linear correlation matrix .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  creates a simple mnist variable .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  append a compiler to the given insert statement to the given insert .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the root root root directory .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  read a dictionary of legend definitions .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  strip irc and trailing whitespace from the given string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  setup parts of interfaces methods .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  setup   dict
truth:  if   null

test:  validate gettext .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  exit   validates
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list with related models for all related models for the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updating the manifest for a given extension .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  remove   version
truth:  update   extension

test:  return an event message .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   send

test:  *individual* *individual* *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  select   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  get the configuration directory .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  check if named file may contain media file .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of information for display .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative sum of length n from a list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   n
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine the number of interval to be used .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   ssh
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return the underlying underlying data as an event variable .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  null   data
truth:  sample   rss

test:  test that wheather a suggestion matches a suggestion .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  registers an chebyshev lltd class .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  add faces from pillar .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pillar

test:  checks if a network address is a throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  list partitions by osd cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  partitions   string
truth:  list   list

test:  converts value into an integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given an focal entry .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  get the first available interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of active blocks for the current thread .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  block   block

test:  compute weighted weighted objective objective function for each sample objective .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  constructs   handles
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  check if the current runtime library has anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  if   check

test:  prepares an instance of credentials from a configuration stanza .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   system
truth:  return   return

test:  add the menu to the menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a stack exists cli example: .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  delete a conda environment .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  remove   image
truth:  clear   null

test:  list tasks of tasks .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  null   mask
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  string   float
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  given a url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of host extensions extensions .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  set   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  test that initializing check check that the icrs check check check that the icrs check are valid .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   apply
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  checks the homogeneity type is a non-regression type .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   args
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the average darknesses for each image in the training .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  setup   calculate
truth:  return   a

test:  return a format format based on the provided format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  requested   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the local file .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in parsing node starting at parsing parsing with parsing come out of parsing like parsing .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a temporary file object that is a temporary file object .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  import a module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  like   like

test:  in openid mode .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   test

test:  construct a money code string for the given currency and currency .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  patch crypto module .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patch   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  returns the sentence code of a estimation table .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  dataframe   sizes
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check the footer obj obj has the par1 magic bytes at the specified bytes .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version of the current linux distribution .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into a profileentry object .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  has   xml
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  insert text into a cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  check if the given string is a block of all spaces .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  creates   block
truth:  create   create

test:  convert a string to a chunk of ascii bytes .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  returns   move
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns a constructed constructed from the given iterable object .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the result of an object by name .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  print command list of options .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  help   help

test:  a view decorator that returns a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  wraps   root
truth:  turns   a

test:  create a cookiejar from a dict .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a docker-py loop for an asyncio .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  create   redirect
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   dependency
truth:  check   check

test:  repack a dictionary into a dictionary of evening flags .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  an existing users signup handler .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  handles   user
truth:  null   handler

test:  reverse the given image .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  remove   returns
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  return the stream factory for use as default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  delete   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  check the icon of the cluster is summing .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  if   check

test:  generate an identity url for the cfunctype release file .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  generate   linear
truth:  view   view

test:  gets the row and a row dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get list of boot boot options .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  get   current

test:  an iterator over a continued fraction .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the path to a repo .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  bounds the configuration for a specific configuration .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  authenticate   decorator
truth:  check   check

test:  create a application and return it .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  create   create
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  retrieve the most recent count for a tensor .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a progress bar for the progress widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all defined instance types .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  generate unique uuid .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score at the given score .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  approximate   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  object   set
truth:  put   put

test:  clean the certain assets of the machine .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  build   login
truth:  built   remove

test:  return the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the verisure platform .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  make sure no exceptions exists at least the whole specified in the make sure no order .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  checks if object is a pair of instance .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  check if an input pulls pulls to validation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  null   implements
truth:  null   null

test:  default list of either a list of strings .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  default   return
truth:  return   a

test:  condense points to the floating css .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  computes   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a json file .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns a list of local or module items .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  download all workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  download   custom
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  create an anonymous key for use in configuring calls .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update the configuration in a configuration file .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   content
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the binary sensor .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  given the file name .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  declares that returns the flag key in the flag whose key is in the key .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  test helper for bug compatibility with e .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  open   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   benchmark
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  collect the provided metric .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a stream is a valid format for being a stream for being a stream .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  look up an entity converter for the specified id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  set   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  starting   null
truth:  test   test

test:  compute fixed length of a fixed model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get ancestor variables of input variable as defined in the given collection .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  returns   calls
truth:  get   parent

test:  openid requests to another openid page .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  index   get
truth:  render   a

test:  get the file timestamp .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   null
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a hybi-07 frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  generate   data
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package that would be uninstalled .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   strips
truth:  specified   remove

test:  create an existing project for testing .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  project   management

test:  return the application dir for the given data .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  filters all apis in a dict that are apis by a given api .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns the messages that the post will be called from the post .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  view   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  merge two dictionaries where second_dict values take precedence .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  load   merge
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  set the relayiplist list for the smtp virtual server .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  set   ip
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify the new-style class needs a class .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  limit a subtask in a limit on a given not-found .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  update   stop
truth:  store   store

test:  return a dict of all available queues in the specified range .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator to force a function to be down .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  stop   stop

test:  find a unique clause for a given column .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  read   a
truth:  locate   column

test:  reverse of os .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  return   text
truth:  create   a

test:  return the log transform of the given otu table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic with a bad interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  recursively delete a given gpua .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  use of pip test to get pip wheel from the same as well as pip .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  see   null
truth:  test   test

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  register a mapping of scheme .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  register   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return whether the project need to be made or not .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return detailed information about the vms and their values .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  output   information
truth:  return   return

test:  construct an index instance for a adjective adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  is   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the wigner transformation of length 9j .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  redirects the user to the page .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the fact boolean value .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   array
truth:  get   a

test:  get the model class by the comment parameter from the comment .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the list of coverage for each coverage of this tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the full request to download and return the system .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox additions additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only sysadmins may exist .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  executes   sysadmins
truth:  ignore   null

test:  returns the dot product of a dense vector .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  show   show

test:  calculates the approx of the passed array .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  cache   return
truth:  return   return

test:  find the first interface of the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return the norm of an array along an axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  normalize   x
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  dataframe   returns
truth:  null   parameters

test:  always returns the metric module .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given model has multiple primary primary class .
truth: return true . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  find a vm by name and cache it .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  find   counts
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing scripts .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a dictionary from a residual table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the correlation distance between two vectors in the vectors .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all consistency groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate thumbnails for thumbnails files .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  returns   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes requests indicating the content of head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  compare two equivalence header header header with same results .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  null   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a new user .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the composite and run a dataset .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  null   function
truth:  given   a

test:  returns true if the current request is running under the current pipeline' .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simulates a dictionary of makepatch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  turns   parts
truth:  create   a

test:  convert sparse domain .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  convert   rate
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is lock .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  return true if the target list of passes with match .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  match   apply
truth:  test   test

test:  encodes a unicode string as bytes .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   string
truth:  make   null

test:  similar to tornado .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   level

test:  return timestamp since epoch .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  plugin   image
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  decorator that makes sure a method is a transaction .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  sine a number of convert a comma-separated comma-separated to a set of seconds .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  tuple   correlation
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  sanitize a xlsx html .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  given   a
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  downloads all available updates and returns the output .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  is   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the preferred time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  update   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return only the running tag exist .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  returns whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification event .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  null   notification
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning returning a free group returning a free group returning a free group .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  appends {% debug information to the context for debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   current
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert a node into the tree .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   discover
truth:  insert   insert

test:  rescore rescore problem for all students on a particular problem .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  null   problem
truth:  null   a

test:  helper for djangos reverse reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   behavior

test:  transform a slug into multiple ways .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if an object is a user-defined generator for tests .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition dask using control-v defined by com .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  write   information
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load a configuration file from a file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the template name for the given template name .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  return   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  try to determine what gets correctly is a plural .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  given   get
truth:  to   prompt

test:  send an sms test or directory .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  gets   email
truth:  sends   a

test:  return a florentine graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a matrix to multiply the two form a and return its filename .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  find   find

test:  a decorator that converts a method into a python callable .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  retrieve   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  return a tuple of for a given string .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  returns   b
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and request path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  do not allow users to be able to pickle .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  process the list of rules .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  process   rules
truth:  walk   null

test:  find the elements of a line .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   initialization
truth:  list   list

test:  return an sqlite3 family .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  a fast property is the value of known packages .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the user username .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return an authorized file object .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize oversample of an n-dimensional kernel .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the s plus version of the placeholders options: key .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate one example rst for a given example .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a tuple of one opennebula based on the given cluster .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read in the lxc lxc from the provided configuration file .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  uses   generate
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a media_player after use decrement the reference count of a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries exist .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lowering lowering lowering .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  sends an email to your test for easy notification .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  wraps   run
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  return true if level is a transient one .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  return   change
truth:  convert   level

test:  returns the object of the memmap of the object that are memmap to .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  multivariate linear correlation coefficient parameters distfn : distribution instance of the expected frequency : int .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   parameters
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  template settings to control settings .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   settings
truth:  view   view

test:  return the linear transformation of y by x or y .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  null   format
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a chrdev device cli example: .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the file path as a directory .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for zookeeper configuration changes based on configuration changes .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the available harris image .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   corners

test:  takes a size string as a human readable format .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: header .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  appends string_ to unicode .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  wrap   version
truth:  append   append

test:  gets the id of the stock queue with the given queue .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure memory info are allowed when a track test .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  transform a :class:pyramid dict to a response object .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find the index where to insert item v into a .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: text execute a text for certain build as a text string .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a simple iterator over the possible range of a range of c{inode} .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets usernames corresponding to the given user .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  returns   usernames
truth:  converts   converts

test:  extract data from a latex file and return response .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  selects   a
truth:  is   result

test:  retrieve the reverse pids of a process file .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   get

test:  generate all possible pairs of a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  generate   s
truth:  pair   pair

test:  check a tuple for permissions .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  create   null
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test sensitivity with a binary score .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  sort a string according to url .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return a dictionary with keys of values stripped .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  remove   remove

test:  checks if the given absolute path is a python file .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   windows
truth:  import   import

test:  unpack a septets sequence of text .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  p   a
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek seek one unit .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   x
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  returns all salt options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the existing colors from the text output .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   colour

test:  generate nodes and their associated with a list of files .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   null

test:  copy idle constraints to a resource constraints .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  gets   copies
truth:  decorates   column

test:  determines whether main is being monitored .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  render a formset plus formset .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   a
truth:  render   formset

test:  add a new service cli example: .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  a default copyright to the eggs contents of a template .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install the given config file and setup it .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  output   clone
truth:  install   install

test:  local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   html
truth:  return   return

test:  migrates migrates and redirects to cookie .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator that ensures the next data needs to be run .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an attribute from the named service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   adu
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parses a resource resource from the translations and returns it .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  redirects to the login module .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a multivariate polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   return
truth:  reduce   a

test:  read in the given file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compile vm diagnostics data from db .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   one
truth:  compile   vm

test:  single place to display a list of all review requests belonging to the given review .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  internal helper method to run classified as .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  returns   convenience
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  called before building the finish is raised when the main process is about .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  called   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a javascript value from the javascript javascript code .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  allow   default
truth:  return   a

test:  write the object to the queue .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  null   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  helper function to renders the extension name for a given extension .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  make   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a relationship for a given class .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns whether the response is upgrade .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  match   match

test:  look through all the classes of a class with the same name as the method on the dictionary .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  displays weights about the given model .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  strip   debug
truth:  show   show

test:  associate content with db .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  this will get the current thread that runs for a given object .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively converts an array to a svm node .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write a file named disk cli example: .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  a decorator to make a single test passive api call .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  calls   decorator
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that a model is supported by the linear model and returns the model class .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  complete   map
truth:  check   check

test:  converts the specified point into a list of "plugin .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  be   a
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   aa
truth:  edit   edit

test:  ignore the dashboard .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  null   mne
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  fires before code runs when code is executed .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  allow specific memory tag to be a downloadable tag .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  process the error if pylint is loaded .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if google / current domains are stored .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  connect   database
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates a profile picture for a single user .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  implement item to select .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  string   function
truth:  select   elements

test:  a view that returns the correct correct malt layout .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  plot   demonstration
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  returns an encoder for a group field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  translators changed languages in the profile .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  empty   downloads
truth:  null   languages

test:  a feature tuple that can be a tuple with a single item .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  converts   bytes
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  a decorator to run a task hooks .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  run   null
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current import import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the shell shell shell shell test .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  concatenate a sequence of pairs .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the rosen function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  returns   benchmark
truth:  null   null

test:  return the default locale name according to the current locale .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand the given dictionary into a sequence .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  expands   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator to mark a function as an api .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  connect   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write markdown files into a list of markdown files .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   reverse
truth:  write   a

test:  drop the preview stats stats from the current log file .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  define   rules
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  interface to a2enmod .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  module   shows
truth:  command   command

test:  check that distances are shown in the same format as expected .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  return   scenario
truth:  test   test

test:  gets the callable name for the given attributes .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  given a list of topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check if you want to load a bad one .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  set   file
truth:  null   tm

test:  determine if a repository already exists .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  code   property
truth:  resolve   null

test:  get the adapter name of a network adapter .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  calculate the flattened trace from a trace network .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that you can add a file to an existing one .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert any values true value into boolean like so: .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a conda quay .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  make   string
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get current system keyboard setting cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   current

test:  converts a string to a tokentype node .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get unique ft_library handle .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  score   arguments
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a new feed for a campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   null

test:  split a path into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the available decoder path .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  get   import
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  mimics   django

test:  return a list of ssl copied from a single package .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the credentials on policy context is admin admin .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  context   context
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the first tensor of the given layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  null   predicate
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a private key for testing .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of all instances for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  itemstatus view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the image and size of the test .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  has   proxy
truth:  to   null

test:  find all gating milestones associated with a given course_key .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  if   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : type_qualifier .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  bootstrap specific source file as root .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  start   generate
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  return true if matplotlib rc succeeds .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  using the bokeh application .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  launch a review branch matching a given ref .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  return   launch
truth:  diff   diff

test:  auxiliary function that converts a human readable mask into a series of human readable flags .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the environment for this app .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  determine   tuple
truth:  return   return

test:  checks for dummy objects are valid .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  walk   null

test:  insert the source code for a new event .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  saving   insert
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the current cpu affinity for a process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  returns   capture
truth:  function   function

test:  like shape but for numpy array .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  like   convenience
truth:  function   function

test:  rotate a given integer x by a left integer n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   iso
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure that the named snapshot is absent name the alias to remove force the name of the host to remove force force to true if the snapshot name the child
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  return   null
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns a frequency response for a given job .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  value   value

test:  finds the transformed points that can be used to switch between the given points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  gets   user
truth:  calculates   null

test:  sets the validation for the given unit changes .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  preprocess the tablename and build a list of tables that do not have a tablename set .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   minimum

test:  launches a new entry with the given entry and return it .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  use   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a string of integers from a dhcp-opts character .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  assert that the element of the first element is destroyed .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all job .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a string and returns an iterable .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   create
truth:  input   input

test:  convert two images into a sequenceexample .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  returns   args
truth:  builds   a

test:  delete an object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup the binary sensor devices .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   envisalink
truth:  perform   null

test:  add flavor access to flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  given   add
truth:  given   add

test:  decorate a function to add a thread to the given attribute .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns an check check object containing the files provided by the package and the location .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a localised number used to serialize a localised in bytes .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  outputs   a

test:  get metric perpendicular from global variable .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   minimum

test:  return a list of available scaling policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parse an s3 uri uri into a more readable uri .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  map non-standard type name for a given type .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  send   null
truth:  map   relation

test:  convert an object into a date instance .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  converts   unix
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  returns the path to an toolsdir instance .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the current unit enabled in the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  prepare our system and saving the system .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  prepare   populate
truth:  download   software

test:  deletes a static ip address from opennebula .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  create   a

test:  change the container name of the container parent directory path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  generate   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common whitespace from text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  equivalent of slice of gcdex .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  automatically async prompt for async dialog .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  input   a
truth:  to   null

test:  return server version from varnishd -v cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  server   server

test:  filters all unique .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string in format and return it as a datetime object .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a standard status message with one of the specified status code .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  return   status

test:  get the windows inheritance from the object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   parse
truth:  get   get

test:  respond with all of the students jid .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  receives   display
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all mappers .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  iterate over a sequence of command and return a generator of variables .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  resolves a fused definition definition to a fused definition .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a matrices .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  null   *

test:  displays currently executed file .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   file
truth:  displays   current

test:  copies a file from the given source and all its contents .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  source   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  displays an ssh settings .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  creates   delete
truth:  render   render

test:  remove all living jobs from a living .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  remove   create
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cci cci instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  run   resume
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   input
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that we can check the specified instance .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  if   null
truth:  used   null

test:  returns a list of bfs in g in the order given by a breadth-first traversal .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a string like a format string .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parse   error
truth:  format   format

test:  wait until all active decimal and wait for the given reactor .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  call   null
truth:  take   a

test:  reboots specified certificate to the ports tree .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  fix   manager
truth:  null   a

test:  validates the correct scale values against a scale of rfc python 2 .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  scale   scale

test:  fixes the roots in the roots .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  change   null
truth:  surround   null

test:  use sqlalchemy test case when one of the subclass is created .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  null   run
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two arrays .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   truth

test:  move to the current line .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  regenerate regenerate user certificates for the given user .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_key .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the distance between two vectors .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   product
truth:  cross   product

test:  test cloning a git repository from a git url which should be able to create a new globals() .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  null   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  pick only requested token in the qpointf .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   in
truth:  pick   channels

test:  returns a valid indentation diff .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a qicon palette with the specified color code .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix palette .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get default currency for copies .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a function to be triggered .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the url and 5-tuple from a http response .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  token   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  return a url for a stable response .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  enable the named service to start at boot .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  uses   runs
truth:  to   check

test:  given a context .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  replaces   format
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new instance of a sampled .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   power
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  decode the base64 encoded data from the given numba encoding .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  return   load
truth:  check   a

test:  remove tap tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return the contents of a resource file .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  like folds .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  replaces   a

test:  push a repository mirror to a repository .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  discover   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  helper to create a link link .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  show the api backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  prefix   social
truth:  add   add

test:  notify subscribed users about new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  returns combined configuration file path .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  run   os
truth:  get   nginx

test:  setup the rfxtrx component .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   award
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a list of lists of extractors .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  list   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  converts all uppercase keys in a dictionary to tuples .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  normalize   converts
truth:  set   set

test:  return the file chunks in the environment .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   a

test:  set adjust option as integer .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  adjust   adjust
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev legendre .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read the most common characters from and return a list of bytes .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  null   null

test:  changes the amount of memory allocated to vm cli example: .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  fetches the latest version of a job .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  translates   image
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape & .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  defines whether the course has all enabled certificates for the course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return a doctest doctest .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  return   null
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account table details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  returns true if the container exists .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  helper function to check if the plugin has a particular permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the orient dicts for a given microsite .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  convert the input value to a string .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the most recently registered pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  get a task object by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  get   a

test:  register a core handler for the given vcs .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  null   vcs
truth:  to   decorator

test:  same as find_pure_symbol .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  render   a

test:  check that mayavi is installed and has at least min_version .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  sanitize a filename .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a day in iso 8601 format to timestamp since epoch .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   day

test:  test of epochs of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  test   epochs

test:  parse a snapshot description into a dict .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  output   a
truth:  xml   xml

test:  generate an array that is a random shape of type keys .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a datacenter on the specified instance .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  removes the first character of the given string .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a property usage .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  creates an object inside the new-style class .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  function   display
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator to indicate that the specified port is not installed .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   decorator
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  custom formstyle for the incident foundation page .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   formstyle
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  generates the signature .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a class of the syntax code for the given implementation .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   run
truth:  generate   generate

test:  upload a bucket to an object .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  find the evalf points for a set of multiple points .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  detect file readline .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return a matrix where each row is inside the vector and looking are reflection .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a dict into a dict .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a module from the system path .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  appends string_ to the response .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  mark   restart
truth:  convert   a

test:  build the input data for each word .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   increment
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  returns the blended transform of a regression transform as a regression .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure the named index is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the shape of an image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  creates   image
truth:  handle   handle

test:  used as a convenience method .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  check   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the url of a backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  url   url

test:  configure the service on a given service .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller - used to allow searching for imports to create a target .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular seconds between a time in order .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  generates a new unique id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that initializing initializing to create a new one .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  get   test
truth:  tests   editable

test:  sets the cuda option to use for the current thread .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  set   set
truth:  used   function

test:  return anything matching page string to page .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   one

test:  function to find a local path for a given path .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the alphabet is valid .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  verify   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic thermostat .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  installing   test

test:  same as a >= b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of complete .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a addr .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to track entity to change the current track .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  sets   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  synthesize stim channel events .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  projects   fixture
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  threshold is a string of length 1 .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  null   input
truth:  draw   a

test:  converts a dictionary of characters to a pair string .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  iterator   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return code code appropriate for use in geoip .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  code   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  control the given command on a shell host .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  extract   null

test:  display a display table signatures the current settings .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  print   a
truth:  given   a

test:  ensure that a pipeline with multiple segments are none .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  if   a
truth:  model   a

test:  load the train given its allowed .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of matching states for the given state .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  generate a test cases for source providers .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the icondata for putaway .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test label io with string .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  io   reading
truth:  io   io

test:  return a union object for use in testing .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  make   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  parses a string in bytes format and returns a string of non-zero tuples .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parse   point
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return processor architecture for the processor processor .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the path to the theme theme by the current theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we have a duplicate keys for packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  add   a
truth:  move   move

test:  no dependency city .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  module   null
truth:  null   docs

test:  same as not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  remove keys from an object .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  converts a string argument to a list of plain text .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  import and return the module .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  retrive   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a role from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  checks that the django user authenticated authenticated without not created with a new django .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare region of two two substitution .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check the user has author permissions .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   endpoint
truth:  if   check

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  make sure the given file match_template is unedited .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   null

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project redirects to project .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  prints out a blobs access control list for a given user .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  add a media to media request .
truth: the media page . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   media

test:  convert an integer to a string of bytes .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  converts   number
truth:  given   a

test:  get list of qiime file .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the number of versioned hmac hmac body .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  return   handles
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse a request uri .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  search   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  gets information about the change summary between two recursively .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  sends the output of the stdout that would be either within the code .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  capture   output
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration for a set of predictions .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  null   shift
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align array to down with all elements of x .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a config file and return a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure an rsa kid has been seeded with a blast prime .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  print   message
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render an icon to the given css class .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   a

test:  run the command and return its output .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  execute   wrapper
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   line
truth:  converts   urls

test:  returns a call to the whatever environment variable .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  returns   predicate
truth:  return   a

test:  writes /usbkey/config .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  display   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  computes the inverse of square matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this function uses a search results to search for a particular page .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  return   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a connection object .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  to   connect

test:  imports imports in python 3 .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   models
truth:  test   test

test:  install the authentication operation on the server .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   null
truth:  call   call

test:  converts a string argument to a unix timestamp .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  unified   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute a list of unique hasher hasher .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  prints system seconds that are not within the version .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  access   formats
truth:  return   return

test:  get or create ec2 uuid for the given ec2-id .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an image from the data directory .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   load
truth:  create   create

test:  get the name of the repository repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  get   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  convert local request to a given request .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  take   null
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if three complex points form a sharp corner corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test logo of logo data .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   logo
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a boolean of whether the string is a valid string .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  given   a

test:  adds the attributes of the enrollment attributes for the user provided as complete .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  physicists polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  wait until a server has completed .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open or create blob tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   close
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: builders-from builds a build for the project .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  fake version of os .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  return   templates
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate certificate certificates for students whose names are students in the given course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return a list of test cases .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  clears the plugins that are deleted .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  gets the rendition of a boundary .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  helper method to dispatch environment variable name .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rename playlists filter in playlists .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  selected   open
truth:  rename   a

test:  write the conditional formatting rules for the policy file .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that marks a function or method as position in position of position to call position .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  marks a test as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  load a class from the provided alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  returns   load
truth:  load   class

test:  find the maximum flow of a maximum of a maximum edmonds-karp .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   a

test:  find the b-spline of an array of automatically calls .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that when we can add a custom url to the vcs even in the everything everything .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   test

test:  download a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  make sure the javascript files and display in the console .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  list   endpoint
truth:  run   run

test:  encode an entrance exam and converts it to a entrance exam .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encodes   key
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check if a path is a unsaved tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  create a subplot figure with a fakeuploader .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  declare a function by name .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  a simple example consisting of the area of the second column .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  compute   area

test:  step of the target .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  select   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  prints a text message for the given text .
truth: print a message . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  print   a

test:  merge a fuse that maps to a glyph .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  release   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  return the current port with the passed name and port .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  display   null
truth:  return   return

test:  move to history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  publish   move
truth:  to   move

test:  creates a diff of two objects .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  format the given resource .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   format

test:  initialize the global pep variable .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   helper
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  convert   convert

test:  removes role from username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  assign   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  find all registered selection in text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  reset   output
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the global global ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove the named file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  wrapper around babels .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  gather   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  test that parsing works when appropriate .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a class from a string including module and space .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  function   a
truth:  import   a

test:  train a script for mlp on a web server .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  train   calls
truth:  function   function

test:  check to see if the given module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  only load if the os are supported .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  load   load
truth:  set   set

test:  set the aesthetic style of the current thread .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  set billship billship form for the request .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  generate   default
truth:  default   default

test:  asserts that the checksum of the first variable with matching places .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   return
truth:  null   system

test:  converts a string to an .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  combines   null

test:  send activation token to user .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  cast bytes to bytes .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  a context manager that changes the time it will run a with a given time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  provides   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  subroutine to generate an volumeservice grains .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates an authorization credentials that will be configured with the application .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  establish   template
truth:  returns   application

test:  grab grab grab grab grab version numbers .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  dumps dumps headers for xmodules with the given object .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   python
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values into a list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collects   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  returns the configuration for a container name container name or id cli example: .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  return   config
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the provided host is allowed .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  set the gc for the current default location of a runtime to be deleted .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  sets   configures
truth:  set   status

test:  parses a querystring querystring string .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  null   version
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the virtual environment variable .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  files   open
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the at the specified target for the given target .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the number of the number of the procedure .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   output
truth:  print   print

test:  unpack -> pcredz convert a piece of bytes into a buffer .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  unpack   a

test:  generate a pairs for integer x given labels .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates html and style format for all versions in common document .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  print   null
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature args: feature : the feature to be removed .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  disables   null

test:  converts a string into a standardized xxxxxxxxxx .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  if   input
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the ifname device associated with an address .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   detach
truth:  get   get

test:  trim a front of strings .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a file .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve the name for a ros user .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  name   resolver

test:  builds an identifier number to a human readable identifier .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazard filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a list of fallback locales to install .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  collect webpack from the corresponding shadow hits .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  set   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the profile name .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace the standard extension of the css to match the database .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose a random integer between the given nonce .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  display   null
truth:  return   a

test:  major deprecated deprecated in the form starting with its prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  try to get an anchor url from the comment comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  run a process and return true if parallel is pickle in parallel .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  return   run
truth:  run   a

test:  zabbix functions that will use the symbol .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  returns   apply
truth:  convert   a

test:  return list of objects mapping .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  list   null
truth:  create   a

test:  grant access to shared guest .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  make   a
truth:  access   access

test:  return a collection .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  tests that works with ip addresses need to be supported with a correct number of ip addresses .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  latex   arguments
truth:  null   null

test:  view to allow a openid form to be openid and dump it to call an openid form .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   null

test:  performs a 7; matrix multiplication .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  return   linear
truth:  null   relu

test:  get all valid product matching a product of shop .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  make an rgb color of the form of hls .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  override   change
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  append a path as a path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  remove   helper
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent text with spaces .
truth: indent text . 
test:  paragraphs   text
truth:  text   text

test:  registers a locale for a given locale .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  indicates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a metaclass for use in tests .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  set   a
truth:  create   a

test:  close the current file so it isnt osr .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  return an absolute url for a resource .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  save data to a temporary cover .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   null
truth:  saves   image

test:  set nginx config for bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  default   app
truth:  set   nginx

test:  return a dict containing information about all the available kb urls .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  see   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a relase .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  release   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a dict of dictionaries to a single string .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  directory using given path .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  require   a

test:  convert a complex index into a list of dataframe info .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  convert   implements
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  create a setup instance for testing .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   distribution

test:  returns a mor instance for the specified property type .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   property
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets an http token object from the given http service service service service args: user_feed: : http service service service object to get an http service service token .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  return   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   create
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the application revision for the given request .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator execute a phabricator build step .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   xml
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the system neighbors of the first argument in the passed in .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  utility method to display a list of event events .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute the maximum phasediff between two dataseries .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   a
truth:  save   null

test:  an instance of a datastore .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parse a gcode file from a gcode file .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  write   a

test:  determine whether the set of all fluentd endpoints files need to be given .
truth: view that . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  view   view

test:  tests datetimes are left system creation and determine datetimes .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  if   errors
truth:  get   get

test:  save the model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a series of sos section in sos filter parameters sos : array_like .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate share links that are associated with a certain document .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  share   share

test:  make sure that any element are validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  null   cast
truth:  process   process

test:  returns true if string is a string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  resolve an ec2 symbol to a new transport .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  resolve   cross
truth:  get   transport

test:  check a binary against a particular binary cli example: .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string and convert an epoch to a epoch .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  check that an image id is valid .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  performs a forward solution given a vector .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  is   null
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate all prefixes in a sequence of lists .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  check   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return value from a flag .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  retrieves   predicate
truth:  use   a

test:  a method for the main script .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   alternative

test:  eclean -> list of names meant to write the package and write the command .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  format   calculate
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate md5 hash of an object .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  this function does but captures the symrand dimension .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  reconstruct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named function is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a mask that matches a bokeh email with a user provided inside an email .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  wants   null
truth:  mask   mask

test:  given the type of a python type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  test if a specific process is available on the test suite .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  new field form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the unbuckle basis is over an basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   space

test:  return a query showing the request .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a new method that turns all into the same threadpool as sync on a 0/total_size:1g threadpool .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  trigger   detach
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort an iterable using the values sorted by the strings processor .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  converts a title title to a length by comparing it to the optional :jenkins-wiki:hipchat .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  get a list of overlap representing the path loop .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  export   a
truth:  get   portion

test:  returns the md5 password of the password .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  make   null
truth:  to   tests

test:  store the identity and the identity identity message .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  sends   helper
truth:  store   a

test:  compute the three error of an array .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  return   create
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return cross product formatted as a pair .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  strip   xml
truth:  null   null

test:  request a task to have a task and optionally other blueprint .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  null   method

test:  a wrapper around retry .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  run   a
truth:  function   function

test:  sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  to   function

test:  returns an event object .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  add cudnn data to chunksize and an existing list of chunksize points .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  add   append
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has an expiration date .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a copy of the string s with leading whitespace removed .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  general purpose wrapper for method that tries to .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  null   function
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries into a dictionary where keys are the way in the way names .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  parse   filter
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  get the version string .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  return   get
truth:  format   format

test:  return a list of matplotlib options available on current api .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  get   api
truth:  return   a

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  buildinfo resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   members

test:  returns square-free tuple of f in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  compute   wrap
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  computes the parameters of a network .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle tristate output bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  call   toggle
truth:  control   control

test:  we have to add the filesystem folder to the filesystem folder .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  displays signals on each thread .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  be   error
truth:  assure   null

test:  returns the service name associated with the given profile profile .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value t t t .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  null   inverse

test:  encode a given password using the given string as base64 .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  null   encode
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a local account .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  reserve   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with one hot dataset .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  test   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the given instance .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the time in seconds since the epoch as a unix timestamp .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  time   datetime
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of unique elements of a given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   a

test:  sample mv of a mixture distribution parameters rvs : array_like .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  returns a -tuple .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  returns   bytes
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   in
truth:  gets   null

test:  given a list of tuples .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  parse   guess
truth:  interpret   null

test:  guess the extension for a given extension type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  guess   guess

test:  construct a query to handle multiple documents .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  tell   index
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores an account call .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  unignores   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the list of available compression classes .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  new group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  halt a zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  return   a
truth:  halt   null

test:  returns each mean of seqs that are close to seqs with seqs of seqs values as metrics .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  scan   use
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a certificate from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a string contains only columns of a dictionary .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the fixed value .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  null   utility

test:  wrap a request to determine if it is valid or request .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  add   a
truth:  email   email

test:  print a custom b .
truth: prints b . 
test:  usage   none
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes a document request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return true if filename is a pow file .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   framework

test:  share the config .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  color   filtering
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the epipole and returns the epipole .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  features   directory
truth:  computes   null

test:  is this a python-markdown polynomial .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  write   null
truth:  return   a

test:  set new video key .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of arrays .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  recursive   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> str restricted codes that contains the string codes .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  like   null
truth:  null   const

test:  transform a :class:threadsafefinalizer to a :class:threadsafefinalizer .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns dict of audio client names of an available authentication dict of property names .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  private function for computing the maximum value along a given axis .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  compute   norm
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  tests what gets are created with a multi-dimensional matrix of correct overlap .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  call   test
truth:  compute   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert symbols like 256 .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   encoder
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove a powershell dsc application .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on a config line .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the given command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   firewall
truth:  run   a

test:  encodes a bytearray into popular byte .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  decodes   bson
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart the specified app .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  destroys   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  update the given apikey .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  find a horizontal horizontal linearoperator in a mutual window .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  return   ipython
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of available vm data .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  dump error message but continue .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  log   msg
truth:  error   error

test:  matches a message if the regex is not a valid string .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  value   value

test:  pass the source image through comma data .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  uses   image
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  whether a site has a stable stable .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove multiple api note child construction .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  push   a
truth:  pushing   a

test:  render the given path .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  map   null
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the pokemon inventory size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  updates a logical differs object .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  update   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  accepts an element of 3 1 when computing an interface interface .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  rewrite   a
truth:  to   try

test:  check that we get correct geo with a recent distance .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  finds elements that are not elements of a given service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  return   expand
truth:  take   a

test:  make a qt pattern .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a valid date object for option of type .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  builds a unique string for the given prefix .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  build   build

test:  loads a test .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  return   test
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering callable given the given callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  is a valid audio loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  return   null
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get password for given doctype .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   information
truth:  return   a

test:  allow between serial versions .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  allows   null

test:  return shell_history information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   updates
truth:  return   return

test:  unsubscribe a given token .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  time   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the maximum likelihood of the passed array .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  uses   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  gets all defined networks .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  get a list of full documentation for this ec2 .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the transaction status for the current thread .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test make_imbalance .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  builds a fmri: message to the log file .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  asserts that no error is validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  null   errors
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  fixture that mocks a test as always return a dataset .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to create a bcache sysfs with the bcache sysfs .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  to   accepts
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for test functions .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  add   attempts
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse process statistics and run statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  string   string

test:  given a search .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a single string with spaces in the given string .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  get   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  initialize the vm handler for the given resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  init   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  remove all keys from all databases cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  repr() a dictionary of keys in a url .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   a

test:  executes the callbacks callbacks .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  construct   send
truth:  send   a

test:  tests that system system can be labeled when a folder trash to a folder .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for a service via systemd .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  null   block
truth:  function   function

test:  try import a module given its full name .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   try
truth:  imports   a

test:  intialize the gallery module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute the categorical crossentropy from distances between x and variance .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  solve   security
truth:  return   return

test:  try to serve a 304 dispatch .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  object   f
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  delete   replaces
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select *k* individuals among the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  loads a apple report from given image report .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   null

test:  denormalize_form_dict -> a querydict with the attributes set .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a message path .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  add   get
truth:  process   process

test:  load a model model from a model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  given   load
truth:  null   null

test:  build commands to redirect to the os .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  check   section
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for linode configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  load current request object from the disk file .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  return   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  sets an http error object for the current environment .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  creates   assume
truth:  create   a

test:  test that vcs works with vcs req .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  name   submodules
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns incoming shape of incoming .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  get   dependencies
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the json object for json .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   null
truth:  import   a

test:  convert the parameter in the request to an api dict .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  set   a
truth:  module   module

test:  builds a dictionary of profile configuration from ini .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  build   build
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  test for nastiness-removal in the transfields language code .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   html

test:  instantiates a console pool and performs it as a dictionary .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  demonstrates usage of the main application .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  null   way
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a string using the given public key .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the socket file for the given socket file descriptor .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  replace   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  converts a string into a and return it .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a commit message object for the given suggestion .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a number of solutions objects and a collection of degree objects .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  null   network
truth:  creates   a

test:  read a record from a file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a mapping of for a list of recently tuples .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that nvidia automatically calls to do not retrieve the driver .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  test   test

test:  gets each diff of user with properties .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  queries   list
truth:  computes   null

test:  validates an xml file against a ckan schema .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  validate   a

test:  blockdevice a dataset_id from a list of datasets .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return string representation of each string in the series/index .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure the lvs user is absent name the name of the user to remove user to remove user to connect as password the name of the user host the user
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns client matching since title .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  given   a

test:  converts a key value to a string .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   up
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job by its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  load a joined query object .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  fetch   use
truth:  get   get

test:  move previous history to history .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   back

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a pound character (#) followed by a new line ( requirement: * mssql * mysql notes: * url * url encode the result will
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get servers known *s* of the server .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure the wrapped method is changed when an api method is raised .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  marks   use
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start debugging .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  clean   fixture
truth:  given   a

test:  determines the list of files in this directory .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  disable   custom
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the application mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  updates a cache slug in the passed cache .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait until the response has been either scrub or not present .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  note   note

test:  create a student .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  test   copies
truth:  function   function

test:  clean the ccx key for a ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  given a list of headers .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  split   split
truth:  given   a

test:  expands string to tabs and write the string .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  analyze an image device mapping .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  block   block

test:  return the wrapped token for an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  expands the input node from the given image node .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with random chars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the onlyif and its executable if found .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  replacement for restricted .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  parse   control
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression from an expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  version should be a version of os .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  converts code that represents sql code into integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a commit header into an internationalized object .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a child zone entry .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a imap map for an element .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  accepts   send
truth:  send   send

test:  importable helper function for all possible functions .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  expr   credentials
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install a bower package .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   attempts
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  reads the header and returns a list of tuples .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  acquire review settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  do   null

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   virt

test:  get all receivers from all receivers which have implemented using successful operation .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  list   ssh
truth:  list   list

test:  calculates the first epydoc b .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  null   null

test:  that is the same code as to-be-unpacked .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the grains from the proxied device if found .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get vector3 by point and the values .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  servers the servers for smtp log format .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  ensure   properties
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  call hibernate on windows .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  if   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  return a random blob-ish matrix of the same prime .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  suspend   show
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the line number of each line that has just a line .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete a vm vm : string vm to be deleted .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  numerically samples in a random source distribution .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  null   a

test:  length-byte stream of random data from a seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  generate   update
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read a file inside a package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  if   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if g is a groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the return information associated with a given jid .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json sink to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check whether value is a positive sampling .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  if   check
truth:  test   test

test:  test that we can construct a overlay overlay from an image .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   image

test:  list the zones on this account cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  displays   return
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a package and attempts to create a package .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  validates whether each of the specified validators pass within a list of validators and if specified fields are any of variables .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap any exception handler so it can be executed .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  display   a
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns a dict of domain domain names that created this exploration is configured to complete that honors honors to .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a placeholder as a rendered rendered by the given context .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  adds or updates the specified policy document for the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  add   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  monitor an iterator over csv files in a csv format .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  maps   m
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display the current metric dictionary .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  empty   shows
truth:  display   display

test:  redirect nzb to files .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  include   function
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the integral strings/integers of f in e .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  convert   docstring
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get vector3 vertexes from side by side .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  write data to a temporary file .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  return the value of a service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  imports   service
truth:  get   a

test:  return the configuration name .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific grib image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   compute
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return list of files with all chunks in the specified chunks .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  normalized   markup
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escape markdown characters in markdown .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  load a dataset .
truth: load the data . 
test:  fetch   load
truth:  load   load

test:  decorator for adding priority to priority .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  registers   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the error code of widths .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  mimics the studio page in page .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  displays   get
truth:  return   return

test:  write a translations file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to add a person entity to a role .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  add   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a test is being executed .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute fft using dpss tapers .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  fetch   source
truth:  function   function

test:  return the source line of the given node or from the source .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  get   operators
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess the given file .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns an team state object .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  save a json file to json .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription protobuf to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  load a python module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a dictionary of the elements found in non way .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  known   find

test:  return a list of all modules in a given string .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a link to a list of ast .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   running
truth:  running   running

test:  generates a localized generator to make it sums to test test certain events .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  compute a generalized bounds in two types .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drops all python source files from the given table .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  extract documentation from a given language file .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator to provide a session to support state .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load jose private private private private key from a pem key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   rsa

test:  returns a formatted date formatted as a human readable format .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  format   date

test:  write all command related to the command and write the text .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  null   link
truth:  function   function

test:  single replace assigned assigned assigned parameter and return .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  associate   a
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  resets   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  translate the translatable locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  translates   null

test:  returns a string with name repeated the given data .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  color   names

test:  freeze the clip at a given region .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  freeze   a
truth:  null   one

test:  transform the length of the integer to human readable string .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  outputs   bytes
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new modulestore instance using the provided modulestore .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  single place to apply a oracle of a *m* .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  check if an apache service is installed cli example: .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a number of cursor and returns a dict of cursor values .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to run a worker with a given worker .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns a function that returns the items of an array .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print an stack trace from file system and limit the stack trace trace to stdout .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   null
truth:  print   up

test:  return points at a single line at a list of points .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  increment   iterator
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  filter out data from a piece of data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  union   null
truth:  samples   samples

test:  return a registry object for the given cache .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for orphan and returns an xblock .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  view   view

test:  execute given python command .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  use attribute instead of a bound object .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of all xblocks and subpackages access to the course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  divide all coefficients by lc(f) in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  return   null
truth:  raise   f

test:  resets the login form associated with a given request .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  called   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all optimizers in a given grid and a grid of all non-index operators .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the version string for the glibc .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy of a fitness that will work on the other features .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  call flask with a single resource finalizers .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  point   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the first driver type associated with the given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if user has access to this course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  elliptic digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about the given expression .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the status for a layer .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   status

test:  check for all possible modes at once .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  replace   int
truth:  function   function

test:  take multiple amalgamates and msg and chooses the original values and msg into a single w .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  merge   merge

test:  exit the console login to the specified console .
truth: login to router . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  to   login

test:  converts any execution back into certain python object .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  change   change

test:  compares two program only one pool .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   find
truth:  try   a

test:  transform colorize and output files .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  update   a
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create multiple locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  null   publishing
truth:  create   create

test:  get the contract contract file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new event transaction in the database .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  handle the channel and cla the second bootstrap3 .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  handle   attempts
truth:  parses   parses

test:  find a prefix in the given filename .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  decorator for api methods to make sure unimplemented change .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  validates that a bit for d-bus is valid for integer .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  s   arguments
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  display graph to display .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  render   a
truth:  display   a

test:  given a title code and linguistics .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return two different constant in sparse matrix .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  poll   solve
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the files cached on the master .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure that parameter passed as a dict .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  makes a string .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  split   split

test:  computes the squared backprop for two reserves .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  fetch   helper
truth:  null   a

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  null   a

test:  step to temporarily save info in log .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  to   log
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is large enough to the same as the loop .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given an entire mapi object .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   a

test:  6 6 system device on this system .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  remove   work
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap a function to be run .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  is   adjust
truth:  return   return

test:  return the profile address in a profile .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  file   file

test:  convert a class to a method name .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  null   up
truth:  create   a

test:  return available variables for a given lamp .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  set   a
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user to the current user .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  attribute   authentication
truth:  ban   a

test:  returns dataset from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  databook   returns

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  set   message
truth:  compute   h

test:  setup logical index for actual apis .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  read   directory
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  indentation   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gets ip of a given request .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  quick total_seconds total_seconds to merge multiple link .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  given   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  set up the template can be initialized with a template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  changes   django

test:  convert a blaze expression into a normalized expression .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  like   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the aeon winning .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  new perspective form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the argument is a multiline string .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the model model object .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  return a formatted string made by the id of the uuid .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  generate   instance
truth:  null   task

test:  get vector3 vertexes from radians and a complex polygon .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   segment
truth:  get   get

test:  return the extrapolate and fill value of a extrapolate type .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line of the current line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  move   move
truth:  null   numeric

test:  return the type of the address that can be used to jboss strings .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this function is check check and returns a string representing the start and session it .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  have   waits
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  like assertraisesregexp in the given object with the given arguments .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  call   calls
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  recursively treeapply join for a given leaf .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  join   helper
truth:  apply   functions

test:  read a table with inconstent delimiter .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  read   null
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert a largest integer to a human readable integer .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  count   count

test:  read raw data from ctf data .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  read   message
truth:  object   object

test:  test arrays a numpy array .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone on a master and play on specified slaves .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameters _type  for attributes to be a consistent type .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  if   query
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the value with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 7 higher bits .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to stop and run a synchronous reactor .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  to   up
truth:  decorate   a

test:  this is a feature that is obtained by replacing each variable bound by replacing each variable that is obtained by the feature .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  unset any lxc region from the pull .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  doctest   context
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  looks for the system patterns in the given string .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given a primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  matches   use
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  return a list of complete config files for atom in atom .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get or set the radial ticklines on a polar plot .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a bookmark .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  set a term in the current context .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  set   maps
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if the passed class is a nose lookup .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a generator of docs: strings from a list of possible configurations .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   strings

test:  copy a master to a auto-redrawing descriptor .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fixture to return a valid language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  null   language

test:  returns the target at the specified target .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   null

test:  a page with a list of events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  owned   null
truth:  null   events

test:  create a flow from a file system .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  records   emails
truth:  create   a

test:  list installed extension of a specific extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   info

test:  helper function of square-free polynomials in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to convert mcycles flag to seconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   duck
truth:  function   function

test:  calculates the length of a length .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  default literal block block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  document   method
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate a list of all nodes in the given db .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial map in gf(p)[x] fields .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse all the available test cases in a dictionary .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  testing   run
truth:  build   build

test:  upload files to a specified bucket .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the mapping in the given number of entries to the mapping .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  returns   counts
truth:  null   elements

test:  tries to guess the spatial spatial guess of a given image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  guess   image
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named character .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  adds a simple dictionary to a dict .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  sending   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  add an account dataverse for a single account .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  set   handler
truth:  verifies   new

test:  counts the number of times a counts has at the end of times .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  null   count
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   fr

test:  verify the password matches the datastore and passwords passwords .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a helper function that wraps a old attributes .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  bind   default
truth:  get   a

test:  finds class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  set   set

test:  adds taps to the cleaner event .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   one

test:  raises an accesserror if name is not a valid name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  check   check

test:  render the final graph and see if it exists .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  construct   render
truth:  missing   null

test:  search for a package as an installed package as a list of available packages cli example: .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  list   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  returns a string that prints to a django color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text dialog .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a ca file .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  create   a
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  set the alternate descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  returns   work
truth:  update   update

test:  get loops into a list of complex .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  left is sql like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove list and art keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get list of files we need to load a device .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  task time delete page delete page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   time
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the coefficient of the input array .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  calculate the normalized root directory for a given distribution .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  equals equals equals .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  forces   parse
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add links to a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a epic epic epic .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get a blob from a datastore key .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  check if the packages need to be available .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  null   ssh
truth:  call   call

test:  set basic basic header .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  force   null
truth:  null   http

test:  renders a node as a bunch of node .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  render   render

test:  returns a tuple of dictionaries .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all block device mapping associated with a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts the nodes from a path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  transforms   path

test:  return an attribute of the named attribute .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a filter to compute the provided result .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  result   result

test:  deletes an inventory inventory that matches the specified provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  delete   up

test:  returns server that contain any app changed .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  form   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  load the china data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  sort an ip address .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  sorts   converts
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  holding the form .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  serializes   null
truth:  null   a

test:  register routes routes for built .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that changes the django errors to django errors .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  validates   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  send a signal matching the given pattern with the given pattern .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  given   user
truth:  processes   processes

test:  provides the comment status for a comment .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   maximum
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a node .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer flag after the split line has been compatible with split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  certificates controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   provisions
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a list of all event plugins .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  find   find

test:  compute sample log for internal use parameters .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  compute   minimum
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is explicitly and has a valid attribute .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  if   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorate methods in unittest .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  render   method
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns the translated language name .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  format   format

test:  context manager that yields a highstate highstate and returns an array of contextmanager .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  write   a
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  if   event
truth:  given   null

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  leave   a
truth:  close   a

test:  extracts the version string from node output .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  return   get
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute the spectral bound to the similarity between two datasets .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  perform   args
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to match a partition device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  matches   device

test:  test nested pretty = recommended for lobster .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   order
truth:  context   context

test:  rename all files in a container into a set of files .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   handles
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json epics as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify parameters that are only adds changed from the parameters .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  read   replace
truth:  set   set

test:  test that a range of censure censure is not a valid range .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   difference

test:  change the first word of the wildcard statement .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  override   tool
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the vdi that matches a vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  return   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  load a string representation of a parent object .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  imports   function
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags from the rest of a loop .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  remove   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   returns
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  make sure standby are standby to sleep .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  returns   login
truth:  null   windows

test:  write a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  check that the input correlation is weights .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  value   test
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a given group is metadata .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the instances of an instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  look   up

test:  save the load for all jobs on the jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  returns a boolean if a user has permission to access a given request .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add mathjax mathjax to rst .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  add   content
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  utility method to remove the path from the target directory .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check if the given clause has a present search .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create the directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  make   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads common settings from console .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the key name of a domain .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  open the parent of the parent directory note: this function is called every parent function when you get media through a parent whose parent .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  find   directories
truth:  open   open

test:  disallow log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  logs   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run an http server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse the parameters .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a page from an href .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load the module if apache is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks for second version of the new version of modules .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  given a folder .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an personas reviewer reviewer to be personas .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  if   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the two blocks are equivalent in the two dictionaries .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set a named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   user
truth:  set   user

test:  create the file path .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  print   delete
truth:  create   a

test:  raises a new actionerror with a queue if there is no queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  check   null
truth:  function   function

test:  if a permission code is not provided .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  detect modules from a list of incomplete statements .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  if   importer
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a function that can be used as a cidr key .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  read a config file and return a list of dictionaries .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  warn the check with the ttl .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   endpoint
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that the content of a file has been modified .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  removes a reverse at the specified address from the start of the supplied waiter .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   helper
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns a cached http http cached http cached object .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  capture   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all registered vms on the system .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensures that the first angle gets correctly behaves a valid angle .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a nested polynomial into a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  converts   f
truth:  convert   f

test:  return the path to the test file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  create a subplot plot that is a subplot grid .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove a transcript from an item from the file .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  copy   values
truth:  renames   null

test:  load int from the binary ids .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  null   answer
truth:  returns   integer

test:  removes files needed for grunt if it isnt going to be used .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to parameters that adds the current working docdict to all the documents in all decorator .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to the execution of the file .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course_id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a variable that uses the specified output file to read the output from .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  unsets   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   text
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a metadata view of rendered resource .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  publish a django request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  review   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns the unicode text from the given node .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make request scenarios to pidlockfile test scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the number of nodes in the graph .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  redirect to specific user .
truth: create a role . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  follow endpoint to follow user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  allows   a

test:  download help help help with console .
truth: print help message . 
test:  create   plot
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   number

test:  load all modules .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  determine data for a specific port .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  return   information
truth:  combine   null

test:  helper function to get attribute attributes using the attributes dict .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  find   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return data to a network device .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calculates the relative distance between strings and b .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  if   a
truth:  measures   null

test:  alternate shell file or gcodetext .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  fill   a
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get flavor access by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  get   flavor

test:  gets the node that is not part of a node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city request handling .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  get   null
truth:  code   code

test:  wrap a function to detect a rw directory .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the execution of the coroutine .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  call   add
truth:  null   null

test:  modifies a view function so that it is only accessible to wrap a secure .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  evaluate more subresultant subresultant x .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  track an existing limit .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  block   analytics
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run the operating operating index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  tuple   index
truth:  index   index

test:  decode a low-level hexadecimal string into bytes .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of all users with the same level as the response .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   users

test:  add one or more names to the "add node names .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  add   add
truth:  typing   null

test:  return a base91-encoded .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   a

test:  stop coursetalk keys in context .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  context   show
truth:  set   params

test:  returns a form for a particular job to use as a form .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  display   returns
truth:  called   null

test:  run a command and return its stdout/stderr .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  always return c{false} if the path is not available .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  bytes   return
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator that converts a function to a new directory .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of assignments .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap a single proxy method for a collection of type metadata .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  updates an object or a firebase request object .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fix up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up up method .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  takes   fix
truth:  adds   null

test:  given an pattern string .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  build   a
truth:  find   element

test:  input an argument to be a type or iter .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  function   null
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  an just like a complex at a time in the kivy timestamp .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  a generator that can use a wrapped tree at a binary tree .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  see   serialize
truth:  generate   a

test:  populate set of unknown statuses .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  modified   sqlalchemy
truth:  add   add

test:  returns an approximate graph that returns the edges between all other edges .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to attach tags to each object of the provided object .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  create a tag tag for the specified target_id .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns the migration for a migration instance .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of list of participant that are not implemented by the given participant .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  mainly mainly for multiple tests using the polynomial algorithm .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install a task for testing purposes .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   return
truth:  install   install

test:  login to the console agent .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  request   file
truth:  expected   null

test:  you can override this fixture to change the celery worker .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  this is a helper function that converts x to a list of lists .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  null   x
truth:  ensure   null

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  check   null
truth:  work   work

test:  check that the value is a valid string .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this http lb test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   run
truth:  implements   implements

test:  returns a list of dictionaries of jobs as dictionaries .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  update the min define after some configuration values .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  update   value
truth:  help   help

test:  return a common but only the most common ranges in a most recent big dict .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   items

test:  load social auth current user and return it .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  null   ownership
truth:  return   return

test:  given a string .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize decorator for functions that return a source result .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  use this decorator to set the extra object to something that they can use to something to something .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  null   service
truth:  use   use

test:  construct a local notebook with the given notebook model .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  return   html

test:  remove all messages from a list of messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  returns   tool
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find a directory located in a given directory .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   sys
truth:  search   search

test:  used by s3optionsfilter to provide the metadata of a quantity .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  used   controller
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   checks
truth:  displays   null

test:  scale images in the given image .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  identify   a
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  make   test
truth:  to   test

test:  checks if a virtualenv exists .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis to the session .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroys   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize logging .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   pyexcelerate
truth:  run   run

test:  measure the linux device type of a device into a nearest device .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  measure   lists
truth:  start   a

test:  helper function to format the firewall queries .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a dictionary of performing a set of data .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper method to fix the given region or course_id .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  perform   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  refresh routes for all doctypes in there .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  update   update
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  controller to issue a custom ticket ticket .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  used   controller
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert a time in a normalized output to a human readable time .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   t

test:  args: depth: : form of unicode code or unicode string that is .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  converts   wrap
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rundeck execute rundeck notifications on the jenkins taken plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <robot+framework+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   decode
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   group

test:  returns true if the object has an attribute on the class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  wraps   a

test:  run a shell command on a shell .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  returns the given path with the given team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a number in bytes .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary returns a summary of the entez databases as a results handle .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the current value for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   package
truth:  change   change

test:  return a string of peer modules string .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  file   a
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  generate possible user id for the given user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  click a transform button for factor and barycentric events .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  convert   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  match nt and all matches of nt bytes .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  null   edge
truth:  search   search

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  support   migrate
truth:  check   check

test:  gets the billable for the given campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a databases to a quote .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  add   function
truth:  adds   a

test:  given a value for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  clone   clone

test:  export installed packages to homebrew string cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  configured   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  main program .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  command   bool
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test remove_photos service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable jquery on the page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  indent   null
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step inter-community with -ic .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  get obtained diff for a graph .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  chop   html
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  convert model metadata to json with a json file .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  print   contents
truth:  model   model

test:  turns a string into a list of 2-element tuples .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   json
truth:  parse   json

test:  displays a user in an cookies .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  to   exception
truth:  call   call

test:  create a google number of rfc national .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  search   a
truth:  converts   number

test:  callback for the port range notation .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  converts   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the specified word is in the string .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  check   custom
truth:  check   check

test:  automatically adjust methods get requestcontext to be identified .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  assigns   up
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update addon download totals .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   nomination
truth:  update   update

test:  check for closed issues given a list of issues and closed issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  like   checks
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test whether an error is raised if the image contains a 2 .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   ticket

test:  send usage application .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   a

test:  clone a zone from a zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  install   a

test:  returns whether the test microversion in the given test needs to use .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse a shapes .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  rescinds a entrance exam note that it is available as a db .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  log   context
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  run a remote model in the given plot .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  estimate   windows
truth:  assumes   null

test:  format a formatter formatter formatter .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from now .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   outputs
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  helper function to make quaternion on demand .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   basis

test:  returns an integer with mul normal probability .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  fetch   polynomial
truth:  return   a

test:  create a collection .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  displays an existing tweet tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  load   load
truth:  require   null

test:  return a list of chocolatey to be loaded on disk .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  find   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a unifrac row as a unifrac-like metric .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  return   data
truth:  make   a

test:  write a django html file .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  read   content
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  concatenate raw events via workflow lists .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  check that the given value is a valid rfc part of final frame .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get a point from the control .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  loads usage configuration parameters like %wsrep%" - the usage nupicmodelid .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  -   -

test:  test replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  stack restructured horizontally .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test shallow copy with polish .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  to   comments
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart requirement: * url * url * url * url * url * url * url * url * url * url
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  appends   appends

test:  load ipython extension .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  null   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return the name of the backend handling .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serve the client object from the request if it exists .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  set   handler
truth:  called   null

test:  check that the size of a vector can be seen with a single column .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  format   check
truth:  check   length

test:  given a user id .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  function   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns an encoder for a boolean field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  return   a

test:  parses and returns a request data .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  display   null
truth:  request   request

test:  setup the insteonlocal component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   ldap
truth:  set   up

test:  returns an dependency dependency named dependencies .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  compose   null
truth:  add   add

test:  dimitem : expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr divide expr | expr equals expr | expr ne expr | expr | expr |
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a string of the given filepath into a human readable format .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a numpy array or structure to a scalar object .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  convert arg to unicode .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   run
truth:  compile   compile

test:  returns a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns f free .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   gradient
truth:  log   log

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  load an image from the correct root of a network image .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  chop   chop

test:  decorator to check the specified policy has the version: .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that a table is loaded correctly .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  test   init
truth:  make   null

test:  loads a demo collections from a yaml file .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  generated   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  host host part of standard relationship .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  return a string containing an image object info .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compares the 5 from a distributions or add_positions .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  threshold   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  list key policies belonging to the specified key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return an :class: cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   keys

test:  decorator that enables a test if subsection is enabled yet been enabled .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  find the metric definition for the request .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find if the provided method has a method that matches the specified name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  if   find
truth:  if   find

test:  display display in the logins .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  tuple   logs
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  work   work

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a human readable string into a human readable form .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  hex   hex

test:  generates a web command to make git command available on the git hash .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parse the json from a json file .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  extract   json

test:  endpoint for point: .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  create   a

test:  deletes a folder from the given *filenames .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get a network state .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   state

test:  return a lazy lazy of all models .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  build   iterator
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   fill
truth:  merges   mros

test:  indent a string with text keys .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  converts an xml handler into an accountlistentry xml string .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   user

test:  returns all matching activity for matching project as a list of json tuples .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a remote servicepair for testing .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  take a dictionary and fill multiple agent .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  update   attempt
truth:  if   null

test:  iterate over strides of f and return the result of the array of contig for the given sequence of contig .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in etcd .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  display   display

test:  builds an api url for the provided slug .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  build   build
truth:  releases   releases

test:  invoke executable in an expression .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  remove leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a clsid to a string .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy a path from the given filename to absolute path .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  files   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  return an initial string like the first dtype .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  append elements in dictionary to the given dictionary .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  generate   delete
truth:  push   element

test:  generate the fingerprint to do a acoustid fingerprint go into a acoustid fingerprint .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  fingerprint   checks
truth:  get   get

test:  reduce a graph that curator us to get us hashed *new_chunks* *new_chunks* *new_chunks* *new_chunks* .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a specified role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  find a given file .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  search   return
truth:  searches   searches

test:  convert a dict into a dict of dicts where each key is a dict of dicts .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  escapes the given html string for inclusion in an html fragment .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  a coroutine to be used in the returning table .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  create a random graph using cudnn .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  ensure that a component of forbid is disabled .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  take   validate
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  returns a list of packages .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   root

test:  template tag to weblate weblate .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   link
truth:  link   link

test:  normalizes the appropriate data query to a datetime object with a time query .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  null   instance
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns a list of courses courses to which contain any defined user .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the resource of a ring in g .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  create   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  given a hash of dicts and a hash .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  control system .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   replacement
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install a wx .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   qt
truth:  install   install

test:  gets the attributes attribute string .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing an instances .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a >>= b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install pyenv and installs pyenv if the current versions of the script .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   chocolatey
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configure   up
truth:  configures   configures

test:  interpolate mapping of recovery channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  empty   care
truth:  null   null

test:  return valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   existence

test:  tests that the clrtype can be set .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  null   implementation

test:  return selected axis for a given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  make   strips
truth:  function   function

test:  pools a given model on a fitted distribution .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  connected   compute
truth:  apply   apply

test:  ensure we can compile functions with incomplete incomplete .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   ^

test:  returns a colormap with the given contig string .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  returns   directories
truth:  return   return

test:  generate the relationship between two snapshots .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  finds   set
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  fake version of expr .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  log   implementation
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  identify an existing table .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor object .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   yaml
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return true if python version is installed .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  validate and return the correct ip for a properly type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  function   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  installs toctree .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  a date/time uses the decorated function to support datetime -> -f(x) .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  returns   datetime
truth:  creates   a

test:  return an absolute url with the given regex and regex .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  string   string
truth:  validate   a

test:  news index page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  edit   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install a .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  make   a
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default plot works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  checks the error code returned via the api .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   error
truth:  error   error

test:  read master sequence of master files in a list of possible most recently example files .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load word from file .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  reads   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  given an incoming request keywords .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  extract   rest

test:  launches vispy should not imports .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  returns a list of test cases from a list of test classes .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  function   list
truth:  return   a

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  gives   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load the data provided for sparse data and returns it as shared versions .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  ensure that scenario description is correct .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   scenario
truth:  null   description

test:  converts a string into a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the first file to start with the given app .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  check that pytables with a column of labels with labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  initializes   test
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  function   fixture
truth:  to   url

test:  remove css class names from css class .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  helper function for defining expr .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  make   unicode
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  check sparse matrices with a iforest .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos and macos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add the host for the project_id .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   a
truth:  host   host

test:  refresh the default configuration .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  update   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates whitespace in a chunk of file .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  weighted   whitespace
truth:  make   null

test:  make performing api calls to flask api .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  constructs   view
truth:  enable   a

test:  helper function for common limit .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   in

test:  save the saves line of an array of arrays into a new python file .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   checks
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting a feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode the given data using the fishers extend .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   call
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write a file with the specified contents of the filesystem .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  source   a

test:  given a url prefix .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  url   url

test:  combine two data from left with right escaped data .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  email   null
truth:  gives   mute

test:  add html to page .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  normalize an encoding type by its native character .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  creates a new environment .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a string for display tags .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  given   null
truth:  text   text

test:  add allocated_id to the parameters .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   upgrade
truth:  add   race

test:  allows a es down to another template .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   fixture
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of evenly pairs for the given iterable of arrays .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  return   a

test:  an empty host string .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  clear   wrapper
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  a decorator that can be used to wrap a test .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for shortest .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   find
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  wrap a test view with a cookiecutter license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width of console width console versions .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  helper for computing a bug in a binary space .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  compute   list
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  returns a random integer number .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests translator comments are stored on a file extension .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator that tuple-ize a user must run within a user .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  escapes   escape
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare the replication and desired instances against the same cluster as the current role for the evaluated and returns the current role .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  converts an xml string into a profilesfeed object .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  strips   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validator for stack platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  null   validator
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns the current time .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  converts between [0 and default format to default np .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  return   numpy
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  configures an explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  set   current
truth:  configures   configures

test:  constructs and then it from the section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  provide   data

test:  return the fprime score of the input array .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  update   parameters
truth:  regularized   null

test:  expand a collection list of column names into a dictionary .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  given   null

test:  parse the backup info file and return a python record object .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   entities

test:  retrieve the current request list from the response .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  generic ttest for save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  wrap   string
truth:  null   generic

test:  this will return a treesegment tree of the given tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update to a github url .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  sign   checks
truth:  takes   null

test:  return only the given test list of test names .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  generate   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the webapp url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  -   return
truth:  find   memory

test:  get the type of obj .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  get   obj
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  print   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  verify that all the requirements are present in the dict .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   validation
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that distances map is included .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  return the db database object for the given database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  returns   rms
truth:  exists   exists

test:  returns the endpoint of the endpoint type .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  turn a datetime object into a time .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  null   dates
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter supported supported by the stars parameter .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts that the specified path does not exist .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  ensures   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  notifies the iso-valued version of the disabled status .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  cache   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of of the mapping of a mapping of the mapping of a mapping of the mapping of rows in a tensor .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  html document visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  set a random attribute on the supplied estimator .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  make   a
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve all credit requests for given user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  write   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a multiframe .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the triangle code between a given two places .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  prepare data to be written in javascript .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  does   bytes
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that return a valid minus minus execution .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  null   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  underlying underlying components of py2/py3 .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  cache   change
truth:  call   call

test:  returns a string that can be used to converted converted to a string .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determine if the user is visible as visible for the given user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  return   get
truth:  determines   null

test:  run a single celery error .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  error   a
truth:  null   task

test:  strips all the image urls contained in text urls .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of classifications to be used for exploits geographic str .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  helper to format the current time to disk .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered ordered loops from nested rings .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  execute a command against a remote command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   conda
truth:  run   conda

test:  change password page .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the var(p) process with known intercept .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  generate   model
truth:  produce   linear

test:  fork -> slave a process and return it .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the line numbers required for a line containing the current line numbers .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  function   a
truth:  if   null

test:  determine if a distribution is rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  short   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  get/set the median() .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  convert an image to a 3d image .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure a get_version() is raised when the timeout is raised .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager that expects a secret model .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  save   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a dict with all exploration exploration summary domain objects .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the entries from the cache file .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  replace all the function in separate functions .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  dumps   data
truth:  is   null

test:  create a new gettext curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  a decorator that makes the temporary file system passed to the function is a fake module .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the member to one of the selected group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read a cifar run from a cifar file .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  read   parses
truth:  reads   null

test:  return a dict with information about the postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  dictionary   current
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  returns z-wave file names .
truth: main function . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  function   function

test:  strip # quotation quotation from a string .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  removes   anything

test:  read a string of bytes from a buffer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  read   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  setup a local grid axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   projection

test:  converts a key and a tree of pairs to a tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the precedence object of a given object .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  tests if it is reference to a correct arguments? .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return a default deadline instance for the given eligibility .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  default   default

test:  view that handles a user to post .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  given a field values .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  select   search
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the config name from a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the profile directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  undo logger for all the clock that tries to be run on the master root .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  strip   summary
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  accepts   login
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and end .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  get the default object to use .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  add the item between this call .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  add   function
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve hosts usage associated with a given project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  extends information for the game of an easy_installed string .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  associate   reboot
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: critical marks the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log for the project .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   edges
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that a string is valid for the given filesystem path .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verifies   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request headers .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns the sakurai inverse of the first kind .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  generate   average
truth:  taken   example

test:  test whether filename matches pattern pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration on all the client with the provided set of values .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  requests   use
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns a randomly generated key with a valid current time .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ignore specific iterable .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  if   null

test:  exposes the schedule for the form changed .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  if   tokens
truth:  to   try

test:  cache of all objects of a tree .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  objects   null
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a new course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get absolute home directory path .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   uses
truth:  return   user

test:  list public ip blocks associated with the specified module .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  download libxml2 file and uncompress it .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns c{true} if *obj* looks like an object .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  do recursive .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  object   training
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  retrieves the scripts .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a tree hash with the given fo documentation .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a list of srs .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a tuple of parameters that can be used to perform a tuple of dir_name .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  count the number of elements that are not in the specified range .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  performs   null

test:  decorator to set a single cursor to prevent atomic testing .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return an md5 file hash .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  s   s
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns linear linear linear linear differential equations .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  solve   graph
truth:  null   equations

test:  prints a list of commands .
truth: print this help . 
test:  truncates   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   a

test:  load a storage plugin from the given storage .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  resolves the argument to an ssl request .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the region code that matches a specific number of regions for a specific number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  typed possible matrix .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  build   function
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote a list of alternate arguments into nt parts .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  tell   quote
truth:  null   a

test:  generate a report for the given month .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make the given directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   directory
truth:  make   a

test:  represent an address as a packed packed integer .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  return a list of parametrized items for a supplied parametrized .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  list   list

test:  create an atom string for use in configuring atom .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  computes   intervals
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a reference to a provided resource .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  get   packdb
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  a factory for multiple values .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  threshold   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body according to format .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete specific public models .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   one

test:  return a driver function that can be either a copy of the linear cube signature .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  return   a

test:  synchronize all the data in the test case .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  stop   geonode
truth:  null   null

test:  removes html tags from text .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing indexing for indexing numbers for indexing consists of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   byte
truth:  byte   byte

test:  loads the given cluster using the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats the variable according to the argument .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  sets a list of cors headers .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject object info xml element .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  calculate rule counts for user email through user email .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  send   returns
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  deletes a route route .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns all exercises of user ids for the user .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieves mongo application .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return a decorator for a function to be used as a full path to it .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert list of lagged groups to control groups .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  splits   install
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a mock function for patches that patches a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  return a list of resource views .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the ppcc order of shape .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  batch   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns client configuration .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  square   return
truth:  null   api

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   line
truth:  converts   urls

test:  return the projection of xs .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the list of modules which have been output .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  tests   content
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  like   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified path for a given path or name cli example: .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  download a comma-separated search and return a comma-separated encoded name .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  known   find
truth:  input   input

test:  init configuration .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   module
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the inner objects of the type specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dict of all hwaddr interfaces on all interfaces on the minion .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  a view decorator with a @rtype: permission to require that the user has .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get outline path from outline .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  format the imageproperties power of a remotes .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  formats   power
truth:  converts   a

test:  deletes a version definition in a numerical .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  list   attempts
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph g as a list of edges with numeric weights .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  set the fullscreen fullscreen of the current thread .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   current
truth:  enable   enable

test:  reload the schema and redirect to the top-level process .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  load   question
truth:  routes   routes

test:  stack movie from filename to a movie file .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  null   message
truth:  writes   a

test:  calculate the expected discounted distribution .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  project   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  multiply the linear operators elementwise .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  provides   multiply
truth:  divide   one

test:  given two strided network .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  multiply   update
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a new partition sequence .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  removes a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  parameterize a markov matrix b: a multivariate distribution .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  returns   scale
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field pvector .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  checked   create
truth:  checked   create

test:  joins a list with string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a encodable object for obj .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  return   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  creates a default help help help function .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  vertical scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  match the requested vpc options that matches the connection .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  get   host
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg link to/from outside identifiers to/from html characters .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  update the local backend fileserver backend .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  look for a list of strings in a list of strings .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a site server to be enabled .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  start   a
truth:  require   null

test:  a decorator for functions that are being executed when trying to get instances of a function spec .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  checks   create
truth:  verify   null

test:  update an autoscaler policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  setup the vm by sending it to the global python script .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  content   point
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table witn rename .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  adds a worker to the current process object .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   worker

test:  returns the list of log urls for the provided log string .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  request   signs
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a list of keys from the gpg user .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  return   list
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of available formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  a custom space count of leading space .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  returns   bytes
truth:  return   number

test:  return the hash on a given relationship or dictionaries .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out user .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   handler
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  prints a power-cycle of article .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  null   demonstration
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  stub function to convert a field from the database to a reference .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  test   test

test:  create a class that will be passed into the class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  create   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a dictionary of all files in the form of the master .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a worker to a thread .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   worker

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   a

test:  push a remote client to another server .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   push

test:  returns true if the forum and all users have access to the given course .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  returns information about an installed file for a specific tuple .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete backup files in the tar file .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  call   add
truth:  tars   null

test:  copy a sequence of lists into a sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  seq   variables
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests to ensure its easy to accept a type wrapper as expected .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  function to find all files stored on this host .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  null   entry

test:  return true if the given url resolves against the expected url resolver .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the triad process .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   a

test:  check if mac address is poem .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all certificates for a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns an incoming rate on stock queue id .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parses the ancient plugin as a tuple of wrapped commands .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  null   null

test:  shows the avatar avatar for a user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  render   render

test:  load only if any of the given command exists .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return reader to use in parallel .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  to   return
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return os information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   osquery_flags
truth:  return   return

test:  print a message to the users log .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a role points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  fetches out the process id from process .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  null   null

test:  extract indices of indices in a single vector .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  null   multiply
truth:  null   factor

test:  add an element to vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   vertex

test:  displays a single event .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  block   exit
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test algorithm for root functions .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a 2-tuple containing .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set logging level for all loggers instances .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   use
truth:  set   a

test:  sets a checking for a hypothetical broadcast .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   current
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the beginning of the string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if an instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a string of national of a national number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   length

test:  delete config lines on switch .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the neato sensors .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   try
truth:  initialize   null

test:  build a json object of a document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  build   python
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves liouville order order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  parses a rule to a specific rule .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   generator
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  get   post
truth:  put   put

test:  reorders the nodes of a list of nodes .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  does   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validate the tunnel configuration .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network ips associated with given ip addresses .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a quote compatible with a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return user_ids public activity stream of the given user_ids .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure that git version satisfies the .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  password   null
truth:  git   git

test:  fires a test unless an exception is raised when running .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return the virt type of the virt type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if id is blacklisted .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  datetime object from security | datetime objects .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  turn   a

test:  a method that can be used to tagged a tagged descriptor for each period of overlay .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  null   django
truth:  attaches   a

test:  add a recent recent data on the strict .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   key
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  return   a

test:  get a signature provided by the api .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   bytes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get the path to the directory of the script .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator of sample combinations of a sequence of combinations of combinations with combinations of the parameters .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  finds   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a scalar or an integer .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  join   url
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns c{true} if the current context has a given permissions .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  method decorator to cause a method to be positional and also stores the cached state functions in an instance of a method call .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a nested list of possible properties .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  does   null
truth:  find   a

test:  theano utilization .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume an topics .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist expr | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  testing that the proposed snippets snippets snippets is written with unicode values compile .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  this view is for testing that returns a view .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   health

test:  generate a set of sequences of filepath .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator that locks the decorated function into a function that wraps the given function and return a cupys function .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the contents of a file .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  read   file
truth:  file   file

test:  n2 -> str return a string .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  null   format
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  returns all tests of directory .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns given hash value for given language code .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a list of user products of a user .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  removes   filter
truth:  restrict   null

test:  set a decorator to be used as an attribute on the given value .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   factory

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method will get coupon redemption of the user cart cart .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  null   cart
truth:  null   method

test:  send yaml .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  shortcut   sending
truth:  send   a

test:  common layer code to keep only on db label .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  call   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  calculates a key .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   key

test:  parse the snmp snmp output .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  parse   arguments
truth:  check   check

test:  test that structs does not calculate the structs .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   end
truth:  producing   checks

test:  decode an eface attribute of the given dtype and return the dtype .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to perform a task class out of any task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  build   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  construct a polynomial of degree n .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  generate   n
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  prints all possible formats for the given formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a database record .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  provides a list of exception data to the setup .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  return an identity cipher .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the loops starting at the loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim worker for a worker .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  cleanup   compile
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load this module if sleekxmpp is installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  prints overridden text for this term .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   a

test:  create a new .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the portage tree .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   ports
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios have hashes comments and scenario should be hashes with inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  null   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  index_assets page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split the given path into two theano path .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   a

test:  converts a timestamp into a datetime object .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  set some commented logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  makes   rows
truth:  make   strings

test:  getterminalsize() function to make an api request with an existing request .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  return   activity
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception stanza from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run all tests in a given cluster .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  automatically sends a users user to the given user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests translator revision are created on a translation .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   file
truth:  tests   revision

test:  return the open file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  output   parse
truth:  determine   null

test:  main program for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  tweak   function
truth:  null   null

test:  restore the nest nest added to a new dictionary .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  ensure   copies
truth:  null   a

test:  ensure that reports are shown in the correct directory .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  consume   return
truth:  run   unittest

test:  clone an entry from the given expression .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  null   clone
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate a theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  force : newline | newline .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  null   likelihood
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the channel log .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  location the distribution installed by distances on the path .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each classifier to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   structure

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  formats   data
truth:  like   like

test:  build the multiframe function .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  loads a single last dataset into a single input file .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  configures   features
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   reject
truth:  reject   reject

test:  parse the date string to a datetime object and return a formatted string from the iso 8601 format .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  depends on webutil module .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list with the figure and slugify in it .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  squeeze -> tensor arguments: axes -- a tensor of axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  reads   axes
truth:  return   shape

test:  remove all unreferenced elements that are deleted .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  generated   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a "service" on a specified service .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  start   initializer
truth:  detect   null

test:  given a set of kkt .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  predict the specified args for several arguments .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  consume   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run queue interface interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   tags
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  utility function for computing samples for a vector field .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   attempt
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert from the range of the probability tuple to rayleigh .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert markdown value to markdown field .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   markdown
truth:  text   text

test:  put one value to an addrequest followed by static followed by a qt qt int .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  call   close
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  check if a monotonic is monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  combine two tuples .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  initialize   sort
truth:  block   block

test:  check first template stream in a programmatic .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  check that astropys against a bug where jpl and can be created .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to mean over a given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  mean   a
truth:  return   x

test:  renames a .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  document   alias
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  updates the supplied course urls for the supplied course urls .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  returns   replace
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  find   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check a bug against a small range of mult .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get available roles .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  get   roles

test:  get chain path from the outline .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  takes a dictionary of key-value pairs .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the hash .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  get   results
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a s3optionsfilter is a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  add an interval to a time .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  add   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the first differing of a namespace .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a user name to the native object .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   user
truth:  convert   user

test:  removes prefixes from a full url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot entry from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  displays server information about server .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  url   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  load data from python source file .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   data

test:  generate data from format data in data format .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  split   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  returns the version of the stack trace from the stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  stack   stack

test:  guess the version of the full method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore intervals to sys .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   variables
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   worker

test:  return the arguments that can be used as key .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  substitute   a

test:  trigger the places places for a set of point .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  wrap   strings
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  parses a string and returns a course id from it .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  function   function

test:  run a test script usage .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  run   a
truth:  test   test

test:  import a python library library name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  load   a

test:  test for issue 257 .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  converts a python code object into a connected entrypoint string .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  code   code

test:  load an image from a file .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   seed

test:  partition partition partitions by name .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  retrieve   disk
truth:  array   array

test:  pad some octet version that can take either a single output and so that it can be used for example output .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  function   jedi
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator of tuples of data from numba numba data .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  config   data
truth:  null   level

test:  convert english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the name of the file containing the specified module or none if no path given .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  creates a new feed for a campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  probability of normal distribution function .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  given   probability
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  flatten a list of filenames .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  rules   wrap
truth:  flatten   a

test:  join the filesystem path .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  join   path
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target ignoring .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the traffic_manager process and restart its script_name process .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  for cross compatibility between an image and a sequenceexample distribution .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  remove packages using pkg_delete(1) name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   packages
truth:  remove   a

test:  include a file by emulating its context .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  build   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  test if a repository is repo .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  test   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  item add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the passed argument as a script .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  return   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  parse a string into a list of token .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  format   iterator
truth:  print   print

test:  direct direct to the container .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trims translatable .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  trims   null
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  generate a function that matches the supplied arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  add one atomic group to the description of the datastore .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   atomic
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  check whether matplotlib objects are correctly .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  test   test
truth:  output   output

test:  make sure that scenarios can run .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  null   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a top rule down the top of a tree .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  this function is called by specific sender .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  dump   helper
truth:  command   command

test:  generate a random distribution with items .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a resource from the http object .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  helper function to get a socket connection .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   try

test:  compares the specified state on the specified vm cli example: .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  set   set

test:  will update an existing network with an existing will return an existing network .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  this function will get a comment to the comment api .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  computes the path to the webpack webpack .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  expand   path
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  renders a usage of only .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  print   a

test:  returns random random bytes .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  run a command and returns its output .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  run   a
truth:  command   command

test:  convert a configuration file to valid settings .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  called   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   a
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  display a returner .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   return
truth:  print   print

test:  makes sure that no variable is found .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  throw   null
truth:  discard   null

test:  create record name from xml tree .
truth: remove " . 
test:  create   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check to see if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  get print format for print format .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  prints   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  return information about the release for a single value .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify a certificate signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  helper for iblockdeviceapi .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   null
truth:  open   open

test:  load only if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a regexp string and returns the compile compile it .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the current connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a version of header strings from a version header .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  return a string of the entire data .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a packet into two packet .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a json writer object .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  common set-up code for initializing a file descriptor .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  make   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  triangular moving average .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  moving   null
truth:  moving   null

test:  handle a basket product of a basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  combine   convenience
truth:  adding   handle

test:  raise skiptemplate if an invalid url is invalid .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  like make_wrappable() but converts a file from a url to a list of mailcap output .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  decode a -create file with resonly .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   decodes
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode strings to mbcs .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the radius of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the flocker module table and async ccxcon .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  update   course
truth:  pass   pass

test:  return the capabilities list of the given string .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  return   connection

test:  return the current cpu cpu for the system .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a class object .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  bind   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in a roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  create composite n n nodes using a transparency transparency transform .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  null   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multidimensional rank filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the square root of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  satisfy a port for an existing br .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  profiling   provider
truth:  creates   null

test:  set is_default language based on session request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  document   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  return the meas id for the passed meas .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  remove invalid characters .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  converts a descriptor name into a descriptor object .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of lists with keys that are not escaped by the user .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  removes the unicode xml file from the xml .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  write   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate an secret secret key and generate it .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   branch
truth:  generate   a

test:  creates an empty queues .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  empty   context
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a progress progress job into .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers declaration_specifiers declaration_specifiers .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   declaration_specifiers
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns utf-8 encoding of the supplied 8-bit string .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get information about invalid cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get all block belonging to a instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a string representing a time span .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  called when a sigterm is raised .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  exit   handler
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  send service via s6 cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  restart   service
truth:  null   service

test:  check if we can skip this module .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  returns   results
truth:  return   return

test:  set the virtual name for the module .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  return   load
truth:  provides   null

test:  solves a system variable with a given differential equations and equations it .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  generates   processing
truth:  solves   a

test:  set a random states .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  factory to create a decorator that can be used in a transaction .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  remove all elements of a list .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the state modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  frequency view .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   render

test:  check if a repository is a repository .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  write   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : expr | left | right | nonassoc | expr .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts all image bits into a lut mask .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return a context manager that temporarily sets the python xml element to a given xml file .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  context   context
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory that returns a processor that has no author allow .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  set   null
truth:  call   call

test:  this decorator calls the method with a timeout of the view .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring for the currently used with a single argument .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  helper function to create github extension factory .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  returns a list of power types which do not need to be the given power .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  determines   find
truth:  get   get

test:  add a cli commands to the context .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert the e to a scalar or type .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   none
truth:  convert   convert

test:  checks if a test directory has been changed .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne analyze single-letter .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  check   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a list of all interfaces interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gives   a

test:  return a call to processor .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  if   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  will return a list of discussion discussion settings for a particular course .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  calendar all units below one or more units to the catches .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  take   default
truth:  time   time

test:  returns a approximation of the given color this function returns a color of n the non-adjacent approximation to color the difference between 0 and colors .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  splits   a

test:  returns whether a 2-d transform is two sets of matrices .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  return   return

test:  cleans amazon route 53 53 :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  convert an image to a linear transformation or a linear regression .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  compute   dot

test:  prints links .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   redirect

test:  create the correct config for our api .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   dict
truth:  return   info

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  ensure   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  approximately approximately of a substitution of a squared plot parameters quantiles : array observations of the ljung-box that is estimated returns is_orthonormal : scalar .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  test   product
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  use this decorator to wrap the test to make sure the wrapped module is authorized to the wrapped information .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   test
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  absolute path to an object .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  null   memoize
truth:  null   null

test:  parse and return a template string .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert an integer to a datetime .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  value   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  prints the list of sinks in the given sinks .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   modules
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a python date string to a datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  check if a python package is a python package directory .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   return
truth:  is   null

test:  check the matplotlib matplotlib logic .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  if   issue
truth:  test   test

test:  clear the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns either the request or a requests meta object from the request name .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  sort a key by a key .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  find the line distance between a multiline line and the rest .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  test that all attributes special attributes .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  attributes   test
truth:  pass   pass

test:  creates an instance of the given exception .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  retry   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  downsample by subtracting .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  launch   time
truth:  null   null

test:  test when only one collapse have two broadcastable dimension at each ends with 4 inputs .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to test for a collection of objects .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  if   tests

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup bloomsky frontend gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to indicate that this is a decorator for use in sys .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   provider

test:  associated a check_precondition function that will be called from the request to the salt myminion 1 .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  create   create
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  find out what items are documented in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  read   find
truth:  find   find

test:  aux function to ignore the epoch epoch .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  enable   works
truth:  equalize   null

test:  != != != for layman layman .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  files   attribute
truth:  return   a

test:  get precedence state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the absolute path of the repository repository .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a array object structure to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   windows
truth:  convert   a

test:  only load if docker libs are present .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  check   return
truth:  load   load

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  turn on/off the csrf off to turn on csrf request .
truth: given a request . 
test:  capture   drops
truth:  given   a

test:  update available apache websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   behavior
truth:  update   update

test:  create a list containing the elements of baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  matching   matching

test:  validate user mode and compares enrollment mode .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  return str .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  function   number
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the mqtt sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator that skips tests that require the decorated test .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  writes the given data into a file .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   implementation
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays headers and displays the headers list .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  delete a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the compiled location for integer .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  tuple   return
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of an odd extension .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the base image of the passed image .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  override   changes
truth:  sets   optional

test:  this function is :term:view .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if the passed in the sequence has a sequence .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks to see if the request is assigned to the current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  if   checks

test:  makes sure the os are linux .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  expects a sysctl sysctl command with some decoder .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  called   a
truth:  expects   a

test:  registers a clsid .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set evacuate or facts if not present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the evacuate facts if missing args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the generated
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  delete   surface
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  escape   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  transfer the closest remaining remaining remaining surrounding loop and add the closest remaining remaining remaining children .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   apply
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  class decorator that injects the classes of a remote class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  square   a
truth:  null   version

test:  extract all issues logs into a list of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  given   null
truth:  extract   references

test:  fetches an exploration to a yaml yaml dict .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  export   export
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that a translation channels are valid .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   data
truth:  tests   plural

test:  check for single line input or filesets .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  open   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive packets at layer 3 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  send   send

test:  called if any function is raised .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  empty   null
truth:  is   null

test:  evaluate a dataset with the specified images and restore the training .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  set   generate
truth:  model   model

test:  returns a list of sets of nodes in g .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  null   iterator
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  returns compressed compressed string by iterating or none .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a profile is valid .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   state

test:  get the most osf statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   time
truth:  get   get

test:  run gyp on all command .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   run

test:  create a diff of bokeh bokeh dictionaries .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if a node is a func decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  if   function
truth:  return   return

test:  download a file-like object from s3 .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  uses   download
truth:  download   download

test:  sanitize filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  join   filename
truth:  function   function

test:  time the spend spend .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  null   permissions
truth:  convert   a

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds represented by the object .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  is   python
truth:  null   null

test:  select a solution with the specified arguments .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  compile   returns
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  take a set of ufunc and upcast are returned as dtype .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  determine   calls
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the modules modules .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  iterate over the items of a call .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   a

test:  wrap request handler methods with this if theres a request .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete the given volume cache item .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  access to the access token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  build   verification
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  returns a context manager used by the current linux distribution .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  offset   a
truth:  time   time

test:  override this function to construct a yaml scalar from a string .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   override
truth:  construct   null

test:  helper function for for the exponential probability distribution parameters y : ndarray the negative argument returns the distance between 0 and 3 .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  null   return
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure connections combined to the secret are ready .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  check   test
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  given a template name .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check if the config value is present in the config file .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the additional length added by the first complex leading path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new cmac object pss_sigscheme .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   linking
truth:  linking   linking

test:  ensure the language file exists on the current block file .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  creates   ldif
truth:  read   read

test:  read the given header file and return a list of objects .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a linear programming row .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  normalizes a string to a sequence of characters .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  string   string

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element by manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the provided user .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  asks   null

test:  generate an private key keys .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  stream yields random bytes .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   n

test:  call the service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  call   call

test:  display the synopsis dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if the object is a choice generator function .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   action

test:  count the count of a trees for a given trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  calculate   counts
truth:  count   count

test:  is return the flag of the first argument is none .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  shortcut   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  test that an invalid exception works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine the index for an index .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  given   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  this method checks if the given user could set or not .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  view   get
truth:  null   method

test:  strip ^ and prob from a string .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving for carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  check that the provided url is installed .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  clean   tests
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image members from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  reorders   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  returns default attribute of the current user if the user has passed .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  returns a formatted string indicating the sequences of the next log seq .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a list of indices corresponding to tile tile assessments filenames .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the actual cluster for a job .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  return   return
truth:  check   check

test:  given the list of utils .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  associate   apply
truth:  string   string

test:  return server version from znc --version cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  reset the given model to the super-most table .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython output is included correctly .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the version of the api being run for the admin api .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  place   version
truth:  return   a

test:  validate that all requirements are valid .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  check   build
truth:  validate   validate

test:  call the test unless a certain result is true .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an md5 hash of the specified file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   calculate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  convert the given column to a sum of microseconds .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  sum   returns
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a file or directory item to the tuple .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  mark   runs
truth:  move   move

test:  copy a file .
truth: move a file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  move   a

test:  do nothing -- convert to rst .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  get an objects by name .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  if p is a dag .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  retrieve   version
truth:  null   null

test:  return raw tool xml element .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  load   load

test:  checks if words in the bc fields are valid .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  string   dict
truth:  file   file

test:  launch launch column of a given pickled .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  print   print
truth:  plots   plots

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name and name .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds a range of the qsortfilterproxymodel as a string .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  for cross compatibility between two strings .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  register language support .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   custom
truth:  register   a

test:  get a random integer with the figure .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  generate   get
truth:  get   a

test:  load any directories from source file .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  load   sys
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns more information about more than one of its default values .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  list   task
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all pyqt objects .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  get   socket
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random integer generator .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks if the given compatibility is actually a valid compatibility .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  runs   runs

test:  check if argument is defined in the configuration .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  printed a code that runs the given command on the operation .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   context

test:  return a *safe* bound to be reviewed .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   total_seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  compute the vmdk size and properties size and properties size .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  changes   calls
truth:  get   size

test:  replace spaces in spaces with their computername chars .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  perform   get
truth:  undoes   null

test:  simplify an array of samples with a given vector .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  create a file client and add it to the target .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan a video and returns the path .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   null
truth:  scan   scan

test:  add a random filename to a list of choices .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get all api deployment deployment for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a positive argument of one of a normalized argument of a form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to close the filenos .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  start the enqueue_events_for_all_sites instance from the window system .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  start   python
truth:  display   display

test:  returns count on the given file object .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  count   a
truth:  download   download

test:  extract the input data from a given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  known   a
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  determines the gerrit for a given user .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  clears the post mortem for the given shell .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  is   enable
truth:  remove   remove

test:  quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a galaxy artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  like most recent square .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of recursively files that can be uploaded by the given path .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  returns   matching
truth:  list   ros

test:  attempts to find a dummy test based on the version of the test version .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  a more modifies modifies .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   identity

test:  run a generator with a setup .
truth: run setup . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a json web instance containing the instance parameters supplied : str key of instance key key .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   django

test:  ensure that a setuptools version is installed and is installed .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a percentage of the minimum equate between 0 and 0 .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  get all integration for a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  deletes   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the organization .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the sequence of a file .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  queries   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns sig object of obj .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  null   decodes
truth:  return   return

test:  return the median values of a list of values .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a testsuite loaded with all geodjango tests .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  build   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls f .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  builds a string for opening with samples .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  takes   text
truth:  sort   sort

test:  traverse stats from stats .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  control   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns the average clustering of the graph .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the sequence non-breaking .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  xml   wrap
truth:  introduce   element

test:  submit an recaptcha challenge to the given field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  removes a github member from a team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  remove   class
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all fixed ip associated with specified querystring .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of c temperature .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test our inverse option .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  test   test
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  creates   base
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  null   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file and return its filename .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  load   a
truth:  open   a

test:  deserialize a yaml stream or string .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   error
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add the canonical path to obtain and qpixmap .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  make   path

test:  program : program | line being no substitution .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   program
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache header for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  loads all the settings in the specified module .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  returns   library
truth:  displays   differences

test:  converts an expression to a 2-d vector .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  transform   create
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  stream of aws retention period of the specified retention .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  stack   up
truth:  stream   stream

test:  split mulled with  inputs into one such that extra tree .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  parses a partition name into its contents .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  queries against memory server keywords .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  view   virtual
truth:  queries   queries

test:  loads a file and returns a train .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  test   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  splits otus into last sample file of each line .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filters   dependencies
truth:  filter   otus

test:  context manager that creates a app with some code .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  testing   load
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  upload files to a file .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  function   function

test:  same as find_pure_symbol .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  returns   filters
truth:  return   return

test:  infer a statement node from a acceptable node .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  infer   null
truth:  to   try

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  null   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns the most recent position for an absolute path .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  yield os .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  if   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  fetches a one of the items with a set of terms terms .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  instantiate a query on a remote host .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  generate   query
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of a file exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  give a solution that wraps an expression .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  null   values

test:  execute the django test suite .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  package   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  test operator when operator is not tabs .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  returns   client
truth:  assert   assert

test:  read the given thread and return it .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   a
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  execute the generic callable over the module and return the callable .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  get issues url for a page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  return   get
truth:  github   github

test:  decorator to make a call option in an api call .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  callfuncs object arrays .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   t

test:  given a url .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively displays the next prior using the required prior .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  check if regenerated has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove repeated repeated index from repeated set of variables on certain features .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  remove   string
truth:  repeated   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  dump the current runtime of the configuration variables .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  dumps   config
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number of max nbits bits .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes the current block to a file .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  coil   up
truth:  write   null

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the current transaction is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as csrf exempt from csrf csrf protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export a method to a png file output .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  add flex arithmetic to a bokeh process .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert x to numpy .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   handle
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  please please "<" .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  computes   matrix
truth:  if   null

test:  intrepret a hash of evenly symbol into a string .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  assign   null
truth:  null   null

test:  start a library .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  check that our calling function call exactly two values .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a binary string into a human readable integer .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  notify daily about auto creation of correction .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  reports   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  run the generic process with arguments .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  create   create
truth:  build   build

test:  test to ensure that hugs requests to cause the provided credentials to ensure that it works as expected .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  format host name for use in a cookie header .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  host   host

test:  run a shell command .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   null

test:  create a fake in-memory environment .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   create

test:  tests that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  empty   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  serialize allocations that unzip to a single resource provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  create local orientation images using a given left .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  find   values
truth:  update   update

test:  extract a translations file from a python file and return a list of translations .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  deletes/withdraws *route_dist* *route_dist* sets identified by *route_dist* and sets the source from vrf identified by *route_dist* .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes multiple models in a datastore .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   test
truth:  null   version

test:  open a binary file using the given filename and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  file   wrapper
truth:  open   a

test:  process objects where this ip is a list of none-safe .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  set   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check if the point contains a valid curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  if   return
truth:  is   a

test:  adjust user to adjust user .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  draw a simple neighbor points .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  if   a
truth:  test   test

test:  modify multiple lists of lengths as input arguments .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  function   a
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download a command from the os .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  download   download
truth:  build   a

test:  all_record an minfo record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  simple wrapper for dir() that just returns its hook .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   capture
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   delete
truth:  null   null

test:  remove multiple aggregation operations from the beginning and mask .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert os .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  return   path
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to launch the shortcut of the git repo .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  return   return
truth:  launch   launch

test:  create a fake cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  fake   start
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  used   a
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  returns the path of all packages that match the given package .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects a boolean xblock field of the specified xblock and for the given xblock .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   checks
truth:  collects   a

test:  test that when a user is changed .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warn   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  create and return the path from the resource endpoint .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a user model object by name .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master api server configuration .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with the input individuals on the input individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  handler to handle enrollment operation .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  mark   student
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if an object is an enum type .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  drop all models for all applications .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  start   call
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  see   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  dump statistics about a device .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  show   scenario
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g is a set of edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decides   null

test:  updates the plugin translations for the plugin .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  add   new
truth:  adds   a

test:  check a error if given changed is not a recent function .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  returns --may-exist .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  looks   cache
truth:  indices   indices

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  imports   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true .
truth: return true . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the hash and add a hex hash to a hex hash .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  retrieve   evpn
truth:  given   null

test:  create a dictionary of names of names of hsv colors in the given linear .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  makes   dict

test:  print a git repository .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  returns true if the given package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  execute brew brew .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  run   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  convert a list of rank entities into a given list .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute an indefinite sum of an indefinite sequence for a given concatenated sequence of neurons .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a command on the functions that will be passed as the settings in the execute shell .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  polynomial pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  change the directory of a file or directory .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  invoke a region .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  call   markdown
truth:  null   infinite

test:  get the path to the salt home directory if it exists .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  to   try
truth:  return   location

test:  return a formatted seq or none if it is getmodule .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  make a cidx file with the given arguments and stderr .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  template   null
truth:  make   a

test:  test that matplotlib .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   images
truth:  error   error

test:  translate k to population replacement .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a sitemap message .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   dev

test:  get a dictionary containing multiple changes as a list of tuples .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  converts an integer in seconds into a time .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   time
truth:  return   current

test:  provides a series of standard problems of a series of problems .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  help   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert an open field to a mobius interval .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  this is a decorator that can be used to mark functions as a function in structuring .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure a fromlist pattern is a file .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a static health .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  load this state if the victorops module exists .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set a label label on the list of being a sibling of disp .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   privacy

test:  parse a kern pairs and return a kern pair .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create theano model that is a hamiltonian .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  performs a plugin operation on the given tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  posts   posts

test:  set the subtensor of an image .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to load plugins .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  extract   part

test:  returns an svg list of of of features to load a given directory .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   null

test:  return the maximum largest prime numbers in p .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  normalise   power
truth:  return   power

test:  returns the grade histogram of the given module .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  return the rwxtype mode .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all active vms associated with the named vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that any operation on printed code is encodings .
truth: override sys . 
test:  context   sys
truth:  override   sys

test:  returns the versions of the versions of a packages .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  get   up
truth:  return   root

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  start   a
truth:  return   a

test:  solves a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   in

test:  a version of shutil .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a new diff dictionary .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  returns the reference to the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  used   line
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  splits the list of fs into their corresponding printable class by their corresponding feature value of each variable .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  architecture architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear the cache cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads and reads the contents of a file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  file   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on whether the super module is installed .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  takes a new worker component .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the expected instance .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  null   show
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the first file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  test either if an error is raised if the first word of a bundle object .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  null   call
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  edit   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return true if the given column exists .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  if   null
truth:  alter   a

test:  parameters year:int : integer or ctypes .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  run seqret .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  function   null
truth:  command   command

test:  make plugin available .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  open   plugin
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies for a should be created .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a client to write a client to disk .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   configures
truth:  generate   a

test:  check and return something .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the vector3 multiplied by a list of the passed address .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a list of version names and their primary version .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a random sample of the given sample .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  string   a
truth:  function   function

test:  most everything has the ability to support at(1) .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  returns   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  get the filename without the extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  insert the document and none so that the document is correct .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  print   reports
truth:  test   test

test:  get one or more keys from the datastore .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  return the first revision of a page .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a dict of field objects from a list of fields .
truth: given a field . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new cloud image .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a short .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  to   null

test:  return a string to store the warning method in use .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read in the next file and build each program .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   templates
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  creates a new django role for a given role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a string of key-value pairs .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  converts   filter
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a number in a string into a byte string .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  converts   number
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  used   replacement
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a namedtuple with name and file names as defined by the english english names .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   call
truth:  read   data

test:  pick the installer plugin and pick it .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  to   authentication
truth:  pick   installer

test:  create a dictionary from an xml dict .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  construct   checks
truth:  build   a

test:  get the restful notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   discover
truth:  get   get

test:  read a parameter types which can be written .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  write   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a locale from the sale .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime to a float of integers .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  find the config .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  save   fixture
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  download a setuptools setuptools and download it with the current location .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  downloads   install
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this functions parses the back-end html page to a back-end .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  parse   results
truth:  function   function

test:  called several functions to be removed when the function is called .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the tokens that match a regular expression .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts a string argument to an integer .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  extracts the first results of the validation results in the given settings .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse a string .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   compute
truth:  parse   a

test:  add a user from the list server .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  calculates the dictionary where clause are the keys in the given dict .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   number

test:  changes the url to a file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  source   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a collection of networks to a line3dcollection segments object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  save   tree
truth:  convert   a

test:  an iterator that yields a filesystem filesystem modification starting at dirname .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a class to a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  setup   custom
truth:  add   a

test:  return the version of the named package(s) .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a nested collection of items into a list of items .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the binary number of resources .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  scroll   scroll
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the input horizontal .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  make   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attach a content-disposition content-disposition instance to a given address and then attach it to the configured instance .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  build   returns
truth:  sends   null

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  null   link
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check for positive integer in string format .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  return   string
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return a set of nodes in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a table of the proc rows of each table .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns none instead of the error code for the given error code .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create an http service on the given application .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  build   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict hash of data .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  files   return
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified text .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  run   method
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  generates an html template with the given auth name .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  lists   tag
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  select   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  creates a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  text   text

test:  register models and create metadata .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  set   models
truth:  register   models

test:  return a value for all member fixers .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  validate google cloud storage key .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate md5sum hash checksum for an md5 hash file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  generate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert text into a long integer .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  required   string
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the media prefix with the static_url setting and appends the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  joins   current
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast x to one variable .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  reverse   like
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parses iso 8601 format from the date string and returns a datetime object .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   variables
truth:  to   attempts

test:  convert an integer into a base36 integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  provides   size
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a problem for a particular course_id .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a boolean if the specified logger is installed .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  does   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a password on the account args: name : the password to set the password for which to use .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure the lvs executable is present in the container parent directory name of the port to remove container .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  return   testing
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a controller method that matches the input types and kwargs - the values kwarg kwarg kwarg .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  get   access
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of the drop sql statements for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a request object .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  make   null
truth:  request   request

test:  drop epochs for epochs .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  capture   send
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check record code for given source code .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  check   line
truth:  return   line

test:  does the indentation of the first line of the line .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  displays   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a numeric address in seconds to a _ format .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  validate that a value of invalid arguments are present in the same logic as the validation argument .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  water restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  return the json object for a gzip host .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run an appropriate command with arguments -> qaction .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   demonstration
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  used   parameters

test:  returns true if text is a builtin .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   test

test:  delete an asset asset .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  del   a

test:  return a dict of information about all containers .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  print   a
truth:  return   a

test:  load social auth current user from the passed page and updates it .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   user
truth:  publish   a

test:  get the joined word .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the raspberry pi platform .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  normalizes a param param and whitespace characters .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  pulls all of the missing filters which have parents .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   create
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  delete all files in the zip file .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  print   directories
truth:  null   a

test:  return a new dict mapping from dictionary to decoding the new encoding .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  make   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  generates a scalar color space from a passed .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   parse
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of all modules from pythonpath .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete matching containers and including any containers matching the specified containers .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  if   code
truth:  ensure   null

test:  t loglikelihood given observations .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  expand   calculate
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get an attribute of an attribute .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  return   attribute
truth:  get   get

test:  iplot html files stored in the iplot file .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  display   a
truth:  draw   null

test:  return exercise content for a list of exercise .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  copy the annotations from the source to the dest .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   files
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  convert two consecutive image to square .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  given   a

test:  update the local timeline for the current document .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  updates   temperature
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a class registered with the namespace of a particular alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  read distances file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list with all exploration ids .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the system plugins by its name .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in the file named filename to the open file named file .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves the equation x_{1}^e = dict .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns: list of finder devices with the specified name .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  returns true if *obj* is a integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  return a multivariate multivariate [1]_ for a multivariate distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generate   samples
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   service
truth:  null   cli

test:  get hosts usage for a given project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator which translates a method or a cache entry in a cache .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  makes a request to an api call .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  format a power-cycle certificate for the hosts file .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  compute the polar of the polar solution .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  p   load
truth:  compute   compute

test:  server-side check for the specified upnp .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  list   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  yield all descendant descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install flocker on a package .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   return
truth:  install   flocker

test:  filter out a polynomial of a polynomial .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  calculates   calls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  output the length of the value to the given length .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  value   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove any any any existing emails from the queue .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  parse   delete
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a certain images from a container container name : string name of an reasonably container .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if the first null character is html .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns a string version of the string .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display all private files in the repository .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  display   a
truth:  list   list

test:  if the user is masquerading as masquerading for the given course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function that creates an http response object .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  check that the value of a eip header header header exists .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator to make testing time out of seconds before launching calls .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  func   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   deseq2vs
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  returns a single container container name for use in a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager to run a command in a subprocess .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the distance matrix for an array of :class:path and angle .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  updates a postgres server density using the repairs server .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  create   information
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a mere instance of the doctesting doctesting .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  is   pkg

test:  create a symbolic symlink for a file or a directory cli example: .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure the exception is raised if an exception fails .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  make   a
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate shell file or gcodetext .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  dimension   fill
truth:  limit   a

test:  removes values of a dictionary .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  build the arguments for the page where the target passed in .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  builds   target
truth:  build   page

test:  run a salt instance by name .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   call
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   join
truth:  join   join

test:  add nova class to a string .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  add   decorator
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the current thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  install dependencies for the docstring .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   outputs
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  force a scheduled job .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a bool of whether or not a file object was closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  setup the more component .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a pair of environment variables .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check the command to see if it has command .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  output   list
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  generates the intersection api submission .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  get   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  detach a db db based on the given object .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  detach   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the currently active locale for the current thread .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  set tmpdir/data as py .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  assigns   fixture
truth:  to   fixture

test:  returns a format string of the given type name .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager to change a ccx of a ccx course; .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  context   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test summary of different tests with should always be kwarg .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   image
truth:  test   test

test:  when a user is complete .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  document   a
truth:  if   check

test:  match the string for - close the aslr - preserve quotes .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  rename all abe .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  returns true if the given query is available .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   return

test:  within a context object using the context .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  activate   null

test:  show if operation should proceed; error .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  return the current locale path .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  format   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  old inequality collections plus one of the id .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  returns   tokens
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  parse an mqtt engine from a string .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  parse   search
truth:  get   a

test:  in case of a file is in case the test suite .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  returns   case
truth:  null   case

test:  dynamically load the target url of the given module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate some requirements .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  remove   jacobian
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move items from the specified query to an entity .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   close
truth:  moves   null

test:  check if the glob matches the glob patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  get names of all subj alt by taxonomic .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  assume that all assets of assets in this asset .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  initialize the global state with a class .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns the executable of the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load this module if the nsnitro library is available .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of the passed graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests for modified data structures .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  force a repos to be a generator .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  debug   null
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  append a file to the s3 bucket .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  files   a
truth:  move   a

test:  create a query dictionary from a binary query as a dict .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  make   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  perform   sandwich
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  find all bricks found in list of bricks bricks .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  given   converts
truth:  walk   null

test:  extract all volumes in a specified root .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  function   list
truth:  configured   list

test:  return the receiver computer name according to the computer .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  set the given properties on an imageproperty and update it .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs packs property into connecting .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  print usage information about each network .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   authors

test:  retrieves information about a resource .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  modify   find
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check if a process is running .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  retry for all retries in the database .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  send   decorator
truth:  try   something

test:  run functions _exithandlers in an exception raised if any exceptions are raised .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the onkyo platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the pairwise distances between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  expected   validate
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  disable user should run when a user is created .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check of the cidr cidr in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a regexp pattern into a list .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  simple function to return if a host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  combine the given path and place it into a list .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  combine   names
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dataframe representing the provided authentication index .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets element by id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict of the tool shed tool names to send the service_client_name tool shed tool names .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the widget can fall on a field .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric contents of the current linux distribution .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  fake function to support format_html in django < 1 .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns true if task has custom apps .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  initializes the astropy class .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all iscsi sessions .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  installed   attempt
truth:  get   get

test:  get arguments for command-line arguments from a dict .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return one or more arrays to zero at once .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  encrypt given data and return the new block with aes key .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  encrypts   encrypted_data
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  single product view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  pull out the specified issue from github .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  close   format
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function to get grains of grains .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  find   function
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to parse a variable from a sentence .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text data - the 8 8 bytes of decoded data with the first 16 of decoded data .
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  restrict all values in d .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  converts   parameters
truth:  return   a

test:  return the mode directory path .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  null   copies
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieves the grains from the proxied device cli example: .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  get   get
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a actual schema for a given format .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   function
truth:  format   a

test:  plot a flat plot of labels .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page where the user can add it to the page .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return an arbitrary style style type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  return   populate
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae samples should handle samples .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  null   null
truth:  allows   null

test:  multi-class categorical crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   hinge
truth:  cross   cross

test:  import a module given its name .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  import   try
truth:  null   alternative

test:  create a table containing the rendered error message and html .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  build   a

test:  copy the source word to int .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   file
truth:  copy   a

test:  launches an api view with a proper units .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  detach the current path from a path or a subsystem .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   program

test:  a generator that yields the tic .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  block   logging
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an explicit yaml: uuid : string optional uuid of uuid of uuid cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the minion data passed into an item cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   one
truth:  return   one

test:  decorator to remove the methods from method .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  returns the blobstore keys for this minion .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  reset   sum
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the attribute of an obj .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  object   object

test:  provides formatters chain with chain formatters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  function   string
truth:  null   formatter

test:  format a task object for consumption outside of log file .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  delete the line discard from the unix line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  profile   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  returns a attaches decorator for the method .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the rss of the api charset .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  func   up
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a field* name .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   inspect
truth:  given   a

test:  return alf_exceptions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a bytestring or unicode string if not already installed .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check if the contents is set to something .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   check
truth:  check   check

test:  removes the end of a string of file of a string of a dom element .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses the given image for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: html this plugin allows you to provide code that will be started from the job .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from prefix and xml element .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  converts a full text into its display .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  clear the weights .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize a nick templates from the provided template .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  call   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  registers a shorthand on the cabot server .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  add   language
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a string with any whitespace in the string js .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  has   js

test:  current migration version and return the current api version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   display
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  test that set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  copy an unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  null   access
truth:  write   null

test:  sharedvariable the expression grp by quoting into the given word .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  log   a
truth:  look   up

test:  remove any files that come private/secret into the path given .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the action list by the console id .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   show
truth:  list   regexp

test:  detects detects on the system .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  call   function
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a dictionary of languages used by the current language code .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the triangle loops of the loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the html .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  command   null
truth:  running   running

test:  mixed inheritance from verify & new-style class should be set up & .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  test   use
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return data about the minion out of the minion .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   data

test:  generate the docker-compose bvecs using the provided css loaded with the same location as images .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  make list of datasets from input boolean .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  this function is run on a remote host .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  null   a

test:  checks whether expression is a nnf expression parameters expr : bool .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  create the configuration from a config string .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  read   a
truth:  given   a

test:  remove requests that have only allows you can import from other jobs .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  returns true if there are changed .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard against invalid .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  simple logging traceback for logging .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  outputs   log
truth:  log   log

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  construct an internet tag from a clark tag .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  return   tag
truth:  get   a

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of all modules to a given directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  iterator   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  check if certificate is an ipv6 address .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns whether a given user status has an existing creator creator or status .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   method

test:  anything tobitlist .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  null   function
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a string into a list of four lists .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all active vms on the system .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new bucket that was created correctly .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   null

test:  update collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   target
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from a viewpoint library and inbox .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  write   photos
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  return a standard path to the testing server .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  list   message
truth:  null   negation

test:  clean up multiple hosts and split it into list of hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  list   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  get meta cached for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   frappe

test:  run a command to pickle data to be run .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  return   current
truth:  get   current

test:  returns the number of args for a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  find   find

test:  computes multivariate simpson quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  convert a string .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns an iterator over a frames of a socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  kill a signal and all its descendants .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  sends   kill
truth:  identify   null

test:  return the list of ssh ssh request .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  displays   send
truth:  show   information

test:  create and return a valid python and writing .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the stroke .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a sql into the database .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  returns the edxnotes id of a user .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  converts a string argument to a buffer .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that meta-characters .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  check   validate
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  returns the current date string from the http date .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  prepare exception during python interpreter .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  exception   code
truth:  save   current

test:  creates a local file dialog and returns a list of filenames .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas widget .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a generic set of classes .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  look   markdown
truth:  return   return

test:  return the power of the first kind in the order-k .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  authentication is a npzfile headers .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  register rules for the steps - first barycentric - find the year rules .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  empty   returns
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   windows
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure a resource exists .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   resource

test:  send email to users with the time .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  send   multipart

test:  check if n n is shortened .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return list of line numbers that are fixed up of the given line .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  install the plugin for a test suite .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  docstring   application
truth:  installs   null

test:  returns the path to an absolute filename for a directory .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  distribute   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  short   null
truth:  if   null

test:  expand all configuration and override type .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the given encoding is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  if   null
truth:  given   null

test:  writes the elements in a file .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  call double url encode .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson double to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  load social auth current request .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  logs out .
truth: user logout . 
test:  null   folder
truth:  logout   logout

test:  compare a and determine whether expected results to expected .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  accept   return
truth:  finite   finite

test:  convert a path to an absolute directory .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   check

test:  return rate per second from stats .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  return   difference

test:  retrieve roles used to create list of recently groups .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculates the hermite power of an image .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  settings   x
truth:  null   null

test:  process the root image for imagename .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   calls
truth:  process   process

test:  simple wrapper for external external external filter .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  int up an api server which is used to get them for testing geographic .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns yaml representation of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  is   tsv
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  gets a command to operate in config .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  look   null
truth:  lookup   a

test:  load this module if prlctl is available .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  function   work
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  insert   individual
truth:  null   a

test:  constructs an absolute absolute uri for use in tgrep .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish all the published pages to find a given pages .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  published   create

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  verify a ruby command with a ruby argument .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  loads the root data files and loads them .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  call   null
truth:  null   dir

test:  returns a module .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied fingerprint string .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  return a dict of roles with defined permissions .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all releases matching the specified episode .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  get   date
truth:  return   return

test:  return version from lvm version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  return   return
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  search   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get summary step without shipping method - if is redirected to summary step method step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   check
truth:  tries   user

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  use a given binary with the given label .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  generate   binary
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   enquiry
truth:  null   null

test:  create a fastq fastq to each fastq one with the given fasta fasta and write fasta fasta filepath to each of the fasta fasta file .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  make   create
truth:  makes   a

test:  validates and ensures arguments passed in .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  update user email using basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  do   user
truth:  update   user

test:  return a unique integer in the set of points .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object allowing comparison of an xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  null   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  check if the tuples of the weight is less than or equal to the incompatible .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns an object .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  return   a
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  return list of locales locales from the dictionary of locales .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the best match for a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  select a select by value in most cut-set browser .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  wraps   return
truth:  selects   a

test:  return a variable name to be used by the module .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  import   a

test:  calculates a parameterized channel .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute a list of square-free factors of f and return it .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  content   a
truth:  return   a

test:  shuts down the server and wait for all server after halting .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   network
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of all available minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current returner options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  format   format

test:  sets the content of the cached content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  set   content
truth:  stores   stores

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks for the series of two lists of common tuples .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  allows   scenarios
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  rm a job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  fetches the rights for the given exploration .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  load a parameters from the persistent file and return a list of dotted-notation files .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  load   format
truth:  loads   null

test:  marks a callback as wanting to receive a hash .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating a deactivated data device .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  insert   data

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first hour of the last three datapoints .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a unsigned encoded format from a file .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   shows
truth:  read   a

test:  creates a new paste paste .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that the frame exists .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  writes   html
truth:  null   frame

test:  add memory handlers to an existing list of handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  add   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  return an triggertype execution of an actionexecution execution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  returns   parameters
truth:  marks   execution

test:  check if the user is masquerading for the student .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate an error object .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  return   response
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a new review review changesets .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  to   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  encode a folder using the utf-7 utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  reverse   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  print a list of cloudpipe .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   list
truth:  print   a

test:  set the mask for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check that all coverage images are used .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release media with media descriptor object .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   media
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  if   command
truth:  help   help

test:  create an image location that is in the local environment variable .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see table .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  make   null
truth:  to   null

test:  renders a mako template with the given name and 'lms .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  renders   up
truth:  render   a

test:  restart a service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   current
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  try to dbfield data using dbfield .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  index   return
truth:  try   fn

test:  view function that handles a password .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  move   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return the permutation of a multivariate matrix drops .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  add assembly output .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   widen
truth:  add   add

test:  enable tab completion completion .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enables   readline

test:  rename a module to a new module .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  rename   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the cluster size for a cluster .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   replace
truth:  extract   null

test:  fit one estimators .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   correlation
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a 3d tensor with the same name .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  uses   returns
truth:  return   n

test:  returns length of the safecharencode value .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  base : base | type | base | type | type .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   null

test:  function to retrieve pdherr code from fe_type location .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  extract   code
truth:  convert   a

test:  compute a md5 digest for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   group
truth:  null   member

test:  updates a model .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  updates   a

test:  data -> gzip encoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  null   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  purge a dataset s from its q .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  edit   null
truth:  purge   a

test:  extract code from function name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  get   integer
truth:  code   code

test:  guess the password of a given password using the hashed guess .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   a

test:  set whether option was set .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file containing the boundary of a room .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return a formatted string .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  raise internalredirect if salt .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  if   call
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply the input image into a numpy array should be a numpy image .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  null   tv

test:  converts an import string to a python object .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  return   replace
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a initializing object for an event .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  guess whether a command is loaded .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  return   set
truth:  null   number

test:  volunteer activity controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   s3
truth:  null   activity

test:  create a suitable template that first loads bootstrap3 .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the version string for the newest version of flocker .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  see   null
truth:  return   implementation

test:  get configured rules cli example: .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get an error code for a given index .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   create

test:  creates command and build a copy of commands .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   options

test:  generate random subset of the script .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   number

test:  wrap a method so that it has a handler that is available .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this is a sort type that they should be search for ok .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  index   home
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a relative and/or luminance to color .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  return   call
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  find join join tuples in source file .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert epoch since epoch to epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : blank name equals expression .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  returns a string from a set of bytes .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   =
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string value to a boolean and converts it to become bytes .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns true if a is a level b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  list all logging classes for the given path .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read ctc from a fif file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   source
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieves the given batch with the given version .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  linear b-spline function .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  compile a dictionary and column id and write it to it .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the values of the values that will be salt .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the environment variables of a python interpreter .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  set   button
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view and form view .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  edit   checks
truth:  project   users

test:  emits that the settings changed to the settings that has changed .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  ensures   notify
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  default   html

test:  return a minimal minimal comment for the given comment .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  make   versions
truth:  create   a

test:  simple reldict: entry point to trims .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  generate   source
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  copy a those master to the copies .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  using   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  negates scaler .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  negates   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  return an array of variable values .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  like   like

test:  always missing service .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  returns   label
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  verify that the method where each of the method is a dict .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  pad   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  retrieve the log of a scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  call   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  add the first component of the string to make path available on the system .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  compute   path
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the padding of any alignment in the alignment .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  byte   byte

test:  guess the field name of the most recent client .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   mean
truth:  computes   null

test:  transform a message to a display .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  presents   null

test:  consumes the given image tensor and returns the highest dependencies .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  report   build
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listen for events based on configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  prepare a tar and read it as a tarball on the master .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in obj state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a generator that uses __version__ to properly consumes .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  sorted   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  remove x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   custom
truth:  removes   a

test:  changes cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   cputime

test:  loads the configuration .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  loads   configuration
truth:  config   config

test:  returns a sum of difference between nodes .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  document   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a source string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  calculate the number of data in a dataset .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  restarts   network
truth:  is   n

test:  returns true if the pem pem pem bytes .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  represent   api
truth:  convert   a

test:  split a module into a module .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  split   a
truth:  create   a

test:  take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  retain vertical spacing before eliot corner .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  generator that yields tokens and tokens in a list of tokens .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  fetches   token
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  principal principal and problem multiple tests .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  test   map
truth:  run   core

test:  label rgb colors .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  label   move
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  splits a string into multiple sub lists with nulls and ending locations .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  split   a
truth:  splits   null

test:  remove a service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  execute a command in a subshell .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  run   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  given a module .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the k-corona of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a default dict containing a default set of data .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  used   null

test:  load a given augeas file and return it .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   json

test:  handle a timezone from a timezone object .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  parse   bug
truth:  issue   issue

test:  list of active games into current python games .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  check   compute
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the rtd version string .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  print   function
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  return the leftmost descendants of all nodes in the graph .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  create   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get volume data for a host .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns sync_enabled information about a know bundles .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  returns   array
truth:  create   create

test:  create dask array from a stack of given file parameters dirname : str the stack of comma data .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  create   djangos
truth:  load   dask

test:  validate single and return a invalid object of sos coefficients .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  if   data
truth:  to   helper

test:  filter the already maps to the already maps .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  provides   copies
truth:  get   get

test:  the example should be able to inconsistency a good good option .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   test

test:  get last data city .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  get   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  get the currently active user .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns cleaned up of a sequence .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   values

test:  run an discovery entry in the cache .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  merge   param
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  returns a python result from the current api .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  convert   a

test:  return effective debug debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  return   none
truth:  is   null

test:  helper method to construct an http server .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of all keys .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns all possible pairs in a dictionary .
truth: s: string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  delete a cluster or a cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return dict of the specified injected cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  short   return
truth:  removes   null

test:  map non-ascii attribute to xml .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  return   source
truth:  maps   maps

test:  create a gzip file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   config
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost exists .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  cubic spline spline cli examples: .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  code   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of all the requests requests counter .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  output   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the physical unit mapping for a given unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  open a url to open .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  return the aaaa record for domain if resolve has a list of lists of the nameservers .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the contents of a file .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   close
truth:  create   create

test:  format a national number with the provided preferred number .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  to   return
truth:  formats   a

test:  registers a string in an format .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  like   a
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  loads the module and renders it with the given addons .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   context
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a header mapping .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  validate that the value of the localizable transport is between 0 and transport .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  check   custom
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  validate a variable key as a string .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  handle   operation
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check whether a connection is a monit .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  check   up
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks for two iterators of the same prime .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a starts is empty .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  test   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert repr of bytes to a string .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the icon notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all consistency groups belonging to a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a list of weighted data in the list of weighted values .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  mean   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get a port container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  list   a
truth:  port   port

test:  returns a check check whether a check name is a check .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   minimum
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : type_qualifier .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  assign a color to the given color .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  format   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  do the tree tree .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  break the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   harvest

test:  this method is registered as ofp_error_code_to_str method into ryu .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  combines a list of elements into one with their elements .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  import   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  adds/deletes libvirt config .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  test   notify
truth:  let   null

test:  create an initialized behaviors for testing .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   function
truth:  create   a

test:  reloads djangos test .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a list of networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding next that started a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  run a jinja operation on a list of options .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  search   a
truth:  return   return

test:  adds arbitrary attributes to $a$1:$b$1 .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  builds _nbt encoded byte checksum as per packet .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test fixing positions with channel positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  control   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the sqs sqs is a valid dictionary .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  context   a
truth:  check   window

test:  converts a collection of ref into a list of parameters .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  return   null
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  finds a match of nodes and returns a set of edges that are induced .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  defines the sid .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  do   null
truth:  breaks   up

test:  connect to a host string .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the list of file subscriptions parent subscription settings .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  get   null
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  patch the cache-control header by adding it to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing a package .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  given two consecutive html scaling .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   html

test:  return a list of running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running running system .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  check   return
truth:  running   running

test:  create node configuration .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  read   null
truth:  enable   enable

test:  check if object is a unicode string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to specify a method to be executed .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  link   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the line number of each line that has just a line .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage value .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  find a list of lines representing one or more label ids .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  is   a
truth:  make   dict

test:  find the given path in the given name .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   a

test:  do a default data request .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  null   null

test:  validates if port is saved as correct .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  format   commit
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set remote url to remote remote .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  command   app
truth:  set   app

test:  ensure that the response is in successfully .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  view   headers
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return alf_exceptions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   quarantine
truth:  return   return

test:  release a given release state from the old files .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  are   a
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  sample from a control 1-hot distribution .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   entry
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate a google storage bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  convert a key for a list of keys to a string .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial gcd in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  trigger a topic by name .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  mask   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  parse options from the non-none .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds plugins to an api plugin metadata .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  express   a
truth:  add   documentation

test:  given the filenames of one of the paths .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  invalidate/re-validate function to filepath and pick multiple json values correct in the range safe for the correct data .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  function   json
truth:  null   null

test:  return the shrink tensor .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  returns   x
truth:  null   x

test:  updates cart or cart to the user .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  returns   cart
truth:  return   number

test:  check that normal basic basic basic basic math math .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  return   network
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten -> list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  a generator that creates a chunk of equal to limit one of the same size as the zmq/sugar/version .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  copies custom server to specified server .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  set up the generic server configuration and return a valid api .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing object is a wrong type of the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test packagefinder finds case of case .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  similar to the stdlibs on a remote host .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   message
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a custom socket for the response .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  mark   quotas
truth:  null   null

test:  freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  if   a
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns a list of top top exploration codes for the given exploration codes .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  catch: t with a base .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  set the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  computes the percentage of inputted .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  null   settings
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys for testing .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  register   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  change the group ownership of a given file .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  build   path
truth:  are   null

test:  add tags from a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   tags

test:  load content from !!omap .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  load   load
truth:  file   file

test:  initialize the global state with a class that matches the same threads .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  null   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  determine if a hash fields exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  get   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of attributes for attributes .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named named named certbot .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this returns the thread of all available sequential sequential .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  view   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  make sure that compilation and test functions work .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  test   test

test:  create a random string using alphanumeric characters .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  generates   a

test:  escape single characters in a list that are searched without adding firewall entities .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  authentication is complete .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  complete   auth

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 prn: function applied to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  create an array of data from data .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  mean   mean

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   chamber

test:  display a web page to the given response .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  build   jinja2
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  single knowledge knowledge mass view .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  return the named vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  function   return
truth:  remove   a

test:  connect a 3-tuple: and returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  create   a

test:  splits the datastore path and extract the datastore name at the datastore .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a copy of the string s .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  null   null

test:  submit submit row for populate_initial_workspace .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  submit   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  fixture to set the root xml as root .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  modifies   fixture
truth:  xml   xml

test:  method to checks if the elements are supported in the given private key .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  exclude   null
truth:  keep   null

test:  the sequence of elements of a sequence .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  same as absolute .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  api exposed to find otsus files in the provided directory .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  calls   branch
truth:  enable   enable

test:  aborts execution and causes a redirect to the server .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  capture   url
truth:  writes   a

test:  generates a pdf of an unsorted sequence of xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  inner covariance matrix for hac assumes we have a groupsum time series .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  loads local current database .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  get   a
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  accepts a list of options .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  build   null
truth:  list   list

test:  path -  .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  view function to register a user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() shouldnt output with unicode values .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a show level .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   tokenize
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets registered registration from given volumename or n .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   node

test:  helper to easily return a list of the strings .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  generate   expressions
truth:  try   try

test:  filters out the table names and remove duplicates .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ztost test for hac with points in order of fit numbers .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  null   android
truth:  test   test

test:  transform the pty-req graph from a string containing a subset of raw tweetids .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  removes   call
truth:  given   a

test:  generate a tar .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  go   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  disable an apache site site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the preferences thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  controller to determine the keys for doing parallel .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  resolve   a

test:  fixes the document attributes on all systems attributes .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   process
truth:  replace   replace

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether or not the string is a valid uris .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  escapes   numbers
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to filename .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  gets the .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  gets   in
truth:  get   a

test:  tests to ensure the type passed to the type is not modified .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  make   test
truth:  to   test

test:  attaches the given step decorator to the given addon step .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  used   function
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create a bookmark instance for this process .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  prepare the test method used by the provided job .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  function   get
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a file containing a d into a intersections .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  rules   fixture
truth:  serializes   null

test:  tests if the gravatar email .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  url   returns
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask if operation should proceed; automatically reviewed .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  perform a yyyy-mm-dd extension module using none .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  run   call
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby ruby the user to run rvm as the default .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  negative binomial truncated densities .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a matching rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  function   function
truth:  execute   null

test:  make sure the test is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  completion should give templates .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a function that renders a template to a root template .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  returns   returns

test:  download a kernel kernel .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  importing   try

test:  test whether the request is logged in the cookie cookie .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  get if if no current environment is installed .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return nr uid and group uid .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  if   calls
truth:  testing   testing

test:  negative negative size .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  null   rows
truth:  mean   mean

test:  updates the column of columns .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  update   columns
truth:  set   set

test:  test dipole min_dist to inner_skull .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  saving   reading
truth:  test   len

test:  quick check for ipython forms .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list available environment cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  list   list

test:  and_expression : and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   exclusive_or_expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  inference inference function .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  null   seconds
truth:  given   null

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of sympy from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a path into an absolute filename .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check all branches .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks if the user has complete complete exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests to component .
truth: match requests . 
test:  filtered   requests
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates that value is a timeout or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  converts   value
truth:  validates   a

test:  replace special characters that are natively in a string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  reads   try
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns a list .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   example
truth:  lists   lists

test:  splits code into two stream of text and content[pos .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  split   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return directly to cache .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return all possible pairs of the dictionary d1 .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  convert shape with specified axis to triangular axis this is a bug fixed .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  filters   replace
truth:  null   null

test:  given a sentence .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  block   block

test:  validates configurations for format to be a list of configurations .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes file to standard format and saves its contents .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  read   delete
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one errors .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   project
truth:  test   xunit

test:  make sure hosts defined in config file .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  make   test
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  takes a sequence or seq1 and returns either none or false if all the *seq* elements are none .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solves 1st order symbols in differential equation with respect to differential equation .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a network driver object .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  if   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the text tag for a tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   datasetshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  read a crop crop file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  test if a dealing is a keybinding that can be present on a specific axis .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get the list of files inside the first plugin path .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  efficiently compute vertex neighboring triangles for surfaces .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  generate   replication
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a policy string .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a file from the commandline already in the directory .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  load   read
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a cache with the given contained names .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  read and return the contents of a url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  read   url
truth:  given   null

test:  configure and update request instance .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  renders   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return the jsonp .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get file or directory from path .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  return   file
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test to ensure the signature provided as expected .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if valid time has optional parameters .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   checks
truth:  time   time

test:  generate a geometric matrix of images .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generates   null

test:  helper function that returns a copy of a dictionary .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete wikipediapage from the given module or dest .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  add a new song .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  add   song

test:  convert a tuple into a range of tuples tuples .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when only one 7 have two 7 at the beginning with a subset of inputs .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the correct state of the chassis .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns a list of featured activity references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  gets   a

test:  return whether *func* is supported for the argument .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  read the last environment file and save it .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  to   connect

test:  read a table with data right right column .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  read   read
truth:  null   null

test:  this method gets something that will run a particular nic on the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  return   a
truth:  module   module

test:  replaces instances with a new http request header ( requirement: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   union
truth:  append   a

test:  runs the testsuite for the release .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  build   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find the value of a newline counter code .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a date string to a datetime object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns featurewise norm of normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  return a right-stochastic representation of a network graph .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  most test function to use a course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  a wrapper for classes that runs tests .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the readout for an image .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  function   multivariate
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a finder qurl from a file .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  callback   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users from the network device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   users

test:  do the case of the matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  create the first path root root .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  given   a

test:  unquote -> ~/abc object unquote a string .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  null   up
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  returns the name of the type required by an installed server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  store the value of a configuration file .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  callback   python
truth:  copies   copies

test:  return system information for grains cli example: .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   a
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  request   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify if a certificate has a signed certificate in it .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  return   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the url to the bootstrap theme css theme as a bootstrap theme .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in nexml format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  normalizes a string by a provided number .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  tokenize   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  given one of the start and an intersecting line .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   find

test:  set the multiplier of the multiplier .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   call
truth:  set   set

test:  return a hex string with all hex characters replaced with a hex string .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  string   reverse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to get the path of a module file .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  return   package
truth:  null   null

test:  get files recursively which have a given file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  start the test case for functions .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  make   up
truth:  run   testcase

test:  display all multithread requests on the given urls .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  request   multiple

test:  this is a convenience function that takes a list of multivariate tuples as per largest the view for both one dimension .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module and retrieve the module .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  module   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the list in list is valid .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a user name for a key .
truth: return user name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure a specific guest additions are destroyed .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  provide   null

test:  returns a subdictionary instance for the given config item .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   date

test:  get a next double double double alternative alternative .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute m = env_vars of stub in the given integer 10 .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns system managers .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the movie title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   movie
truth:  set   movie

test:  convert an image to an array of epochs .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update average average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  return the correct or none if either cpu or cpu are supported .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of distance from wx .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  returns a list of collection links from the request as keys .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  returns   links
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set up the *prefix* descriptions and authenticate .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  setup   states
truth:  track   states

test:  returns the token token that the request body is either present .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a list of bfs edges in g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produce   edges

test:  return the power of the minimum number in an exponential interval .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a string argument to a boolean like so: if its a true .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  formats token bytes for a column .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  construct   docstring
truth:  return   a

test:  echo back a single command .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  command   lx
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   feature

test:  breaks all elements of a sequence .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  call   a
truth:  empty   a

test:  flush emails .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  cache   test
truth:  email   email

test:  allow blaze expressions to find its expressions in blaze ways .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  filters   bytes
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along given axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   range

test:  main entry point .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   input
truth:  null   entry

test:  check if a particular port is not equal to the server .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that is an url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  return   a
truth:  add   add

test:  helper decorator to make sure the passed in function is a class attribute .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   decorator
truth:  fake   fake

test:  compute the entropy of a entropy of one of the passed triangular qk .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the current preferred preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  return   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  compute the standard probability deviation of the given image .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  log   measure
truth:  null   deviation

test:  s-expression user defined in github .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  emulate   run
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function for providing the names of a list of names of modules .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  these are just a bug that is next to being used by masking when there is no bug in a maximum of a bug .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  change the users group of the user cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remote   information
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  calculates the minimizer list .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  run a command on a single network .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  context   new
truth:  run   a

test:  get package paths for the given package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the placementgroup instance to use .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  provide a phone number and return it as a string .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  returns   contents
truth:  input   number

test:  catch server .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  to   execution
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tuple of matching the provided lat .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  issue   a

test:  return profile avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  url   url
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the set of skeinisoed status for a given addon .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  set   null
truth:  return   json

test:  import a module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix helix helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command with creating executable executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  call   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that get_sun works with lots of column names .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  morning morning .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  missing   a
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  execute   download
truth:  download   download

test:  start the data passed with the one or more nagios keys .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a file system path to a tree .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  return   fs
truth:  convert   a

test:  list slack users .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible server using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  convert a continuous dict of f(x) to a dict of color- .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  mutable callable to allow overriding of self .
truth: version of node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   version

test:  emit a version of success where loading: are in device .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  show   array
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  marks a response as to-be-unpacked never raises a response if it does not never exist .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a rule by looking through a kroneckerdelta .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  this decorator is called from the portage library that should be callable to model .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  n-dimensional correlation of two correlation matrix parameters params : ndarray .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  returns the network size configured on ifname .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a string describing the throughout and threshold value .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines from a range header .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a maximum of the 3 axis of a path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a function used to get a test status .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  install   load
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the expand hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller - used by skill at once .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a list of welcome files that actually run windows .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  given a list of api credentials .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  if   way
truth:  make   null

test:  check that zmq module is loaded .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  test   null
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve the files below the given app_version .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  view   null
truth:  is   null

test:  delete a collection .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  to   a
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a postgres exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  render aggregate contributors about the articles in the default locale .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  use   list
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  set up the in-memory in-memory .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  fetch   chunks
truth:  null   component

test:  add flags to our stats .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   func
truth:  add   add

test:  utc utc datetime object with iso instance_types .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes a pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return true if the named container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  return   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  performs the relu .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  short   classification
truth:  apply   apply

test:  determine the coords for either x or w .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown a container .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  fixture   up
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  extracts the python source file from a python path .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  list   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  check that versions of type is os .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return the first argument of the given buckets .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  add   notify
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the flocker channel from the given task .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   flocker
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches all exploration with the given user_id .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a sff header in the output file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  converts sql into a string .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  write the ajax files to a file .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  set   in
truth:  function   function

test:  display last error message for a namespace .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  return a semaphore .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  copies   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test hashing hash of evoked data .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  evoked   question
truth:  evoked   test

test:  given a list of infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   function
truth:  parses   parses

test:  deletes a mount mount target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  delete   logging
truth:  deletes   null

test:  overrides all groups .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  parse the given flask package factory .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all files on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  start   a
truth:  return   a

test:  templates can have at least one of the given url .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  function   version
truth:  make   urls

test:  pass me an image of arrays .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  set   pass
truth:  features   features

test:  test loading icon .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  if   use
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  open tcp tcp changes to a server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  return the please please please code at offset .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two results where each item is a dictionary of results .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  query   query

test:  set mysql collation for the column .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  add assembly output .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  check if the element contains lists of the specified page .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  does   a
truth:  return   return

test:  build an ssl configuration from the user .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  check that policy is protected .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  look   null

test:  mocks configuration from a valid url .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a compute compute the compute path .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  required   compute
truth:  extract   x

test:  helper method to replace extra data in a chunk of text values .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  format   correlation
truth:  return   a

test:  return the number of lines that are not divisible by os .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  run   get
truth:  null   counting

test:  post an accounts container url to the received api .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the given file .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  print error handler for exception instances .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a string .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  parse   decodes
truth:  string   string

test:  list all the repos from the system .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  display   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  show a certain operation .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  marks up a project as not already installed .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled prerequisites for the course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if the given flask user has a given http log .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  does   checks
truth:  use   use

test:  show the tenant status cli examples: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  add a batch of the given axis to a new tensor .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reads the contents of a binary file into a dictionary of raw objects .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   text
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw records .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   epochs
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if a response is a head response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  itemtype add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   add
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  test whether cov is cov of cov .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  test   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  quote text .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  wrap   text
truth:  null   in

test:  return the form at the specified namespace .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract messages from an keywords file .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   read
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to make sure that the column columns will not change columns in the table .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  provides   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test check that a line with equal labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   demonstration
truth:  test   test

test:  set result of the result is a set of bytes .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  assigns   set
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  sync all installed modules .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   source
truth:  sync   custom

test:  get an account by name .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  setup z-wave sensors .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  find   find

test:  deserializes single "mc string from utf8 .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  converts   reverse
truth:  given   a

test:  format a host for a message .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  return   null
truth:  host   host

test:  check an rfc 2822 format against rfc 822 .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  check   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the default feedback url for a url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  we can add a module to the system .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   modules
truth:  add   a

test:  test when you are created with a custom report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   source
truth:  adding   test

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using localization .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  yields   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   generation
truth:  mask   generation

test:  convert an image file to a color format .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   image

test:  take a repository and return a repository as a dict .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  get   inspect
truth:  return   a

test:  prints a message to stderr and then log the next update .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  print   a
truth:  needed   null

test:  redirect with this decorator to the received flash .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  function   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  return the local plugins in the directory .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extend the image size of the desired image .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  short   parameters
truth:  increase   image

test:  render a mako string as a file .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of items in list of lists of lists .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   behavior

test:  dumps projections .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  returns   input
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   period
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  updates a configuration file .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  read   a
truth:  update   a

test:  create a low-level client for a keystone session .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns absolute path for an messages .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  return   new
truth:  determine   null

test:  helper function to run next scheduler .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  to   pull
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  do an escaped string to return an array of arrays .
truth: if possible . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  converts unique identifier name into a string .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  generate   converts
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  return string representation of 2-element tuples .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  format   html
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function wraps an exponential backoff .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  retry   set
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the build product of a jenkins device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of choices in choices .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  if   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of service associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the int .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the size of a network filter .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine a datetime object from a format .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   values

test:  gets a dictionary of commits to use for django requests .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  gets   networks
truth:  extract   null

test:  a more clever clever to a native string .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  input   multiple
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns a tuple of data .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a pool name .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   identity

test:  returns number of num cores to a precision .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  runs   number
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the response data for a given jwt .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to compare two images in a given image .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  object   image
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns flavor image image image policy based on instance and image policy .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  find   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a package in whether it is installed or not .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure a pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a list of the run run for which there are no workers .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a pdf pdf given a png instance .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  mark a value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  marks   convert
truth:  mark   mark

test:  generate circle within a first kind .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  label   null
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  merge a pair of text into a valid text .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  parse   text
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate an attribute from the given file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  template   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the add a ground along the begin of begin .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a document for a sequence of options .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  mock module to mock module tests .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  mocks   null
truth:  place   a

test:  use this instead of list(set()) to preserve order of length indices in order to depth-first-search .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the size of the dimension dimension .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  converts a numeric cpu cpu to a numpy integer .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  return   human
truth:  convert   convert

test:  build an cmdtuple configuration from the datasets .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  build   everything
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a sitemonitor build step .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   null

test:  release data in key .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   data

test:  takes an iterable of dicts that can be passed into a dictionary of dicts .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   reverse
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud databases .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check unified .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  displays   run
truth:  is   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  null   send
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parse a name/module entry from a space-separated host and convert it to a tuple of values .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   converts
truth:  parse   parse

test:  launch pylint .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  finds   arguments
truth:  execute   a

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop - async version of a given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  flip   null
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list available features cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import a module given its path .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  module   a
truth:  import   import

test:  test test_sanity label when a folder cannot be labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  create an instance field for a field .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  least common multiple .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the vlan id associated with an interface .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  get   load
truth:  gets   null

test:  find the sequence in a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  search   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns the tournament tournament matrix of g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  downloads the given data file from the given list of records into the given java file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  downloads   load
truth:  download   appstats

test:  creates a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  check the module metadata .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  checks   results
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a fixed text to make it detects with no padding .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  s   s

test:  pulls specific tag from the current tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a remote host to a remote host using the selected selected host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  start   copies
truth:  files   files

test:  an image with a json .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  null   message
truth:  parses   parses

test:  find the number of hex digits of a given prime .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  return   html
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert multiple keys in a dictionary to multiple dicts .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  calculates   attempt
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the current audio output device output .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  null   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  always return the same .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  return   debug
truth:  null   alias

test:  maximum absolute maximum absolute maximum least squares .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  combine   calculate
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a search rank from a given ratings .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  get   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities list from a list of capabilities .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  gets prior dependencies across all prior dependencies .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  null   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : start .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  start   start

test:  send paging on the channel .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  run   fits
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  order   returns
truth:  choose   null

test:  decorator to check if something is enabled .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  call   call
truth:  to   decorator

test:  adds the documentation field to the given object .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  create a volume from a volume .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  turns   image
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the items in the named tuple .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   generator

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  return   a

test:  completion routine for "cd" .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  null   completion
truth:  null   completion

test:  escapes an object into a fully relatively .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  set modules to be used in a dict .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  sets   helper
truth:  disable   null

test:  get a list of user count keyed by users .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is run on an tv linux .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  checks   validation
truth:  check   check

test:  get the fully qualified key .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  create a sample from a random network .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets the due date extension for a student on a particular student .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  set   networks
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a valid linestyle pattern .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test rocaucchannel and private files .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value from info response object .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  test io of io files .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   test
truth:  io   io

test:  accepts a string and a new hash object .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the ordinal ordinal .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  solves a 3d core using the core core core .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  is   array
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this will mark you dont want to do any items on this task .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a custom banner message with the given banner and an optional banner .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  mako check to allow continuous along an array .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  object   parse
truth:  function   function

test:  create a volume group .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  run   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this is a basically over the userrel .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the quorum size of a heap .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  get data for a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper decorator factory to wraps() => decorated decorator .
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   factory

test:  register a friendly calculate the remote library .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  existing   a
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  write   code
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for py2 & dev_appserver .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator for running a single process .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  context   context

test:  master only here to periodic commands .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a special node is in a special context .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  splits   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  create a product with a colorscale where each colors is a colorscale .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the average tau .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if the date should be retained .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   predicate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add a compiled function to a list of all possibility commands .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert a dump object to a string .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  returns   converts
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response object for the json response .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that a filtered argument will be compared as a table .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  test   workers
truth:  make   null

test:  return the region code based on iso region .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  return   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get all active conferences for this user .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a standard coolmagicapplication class for the given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns true if files are a joinable file and exist .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  debug   return
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get classes added to six .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  object   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check the offset in the current offset .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  return   regression
truth:  null   offsets

test:  load an extensions extensions from a list of extensions .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  convert a file to a list of integers .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  time   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  the kullback-leibler .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  generate   mariadb
truth:  does   null

test:  stop the new official header .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  run   handler
truth:  handle   a

test:  uses get() to return a new random expression .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  cache   a
truth:  null   a

test:  fetch a gravatar email from the specified email .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the estimated population of the passed array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   network
truth:  returns   returns

test:  revoke the client for publishing .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log a message with severity log .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logs   a

test:  clears the icondata .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert net string to net .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  return   get
truth:  turns   null

test:  decorator for api methods that require a method with a lock on the test .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  collects the html for videos from the videos page .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all doclist .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  start   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a pil matrix .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   current
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a fake team for a team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make plugin available via plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   return
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  same as a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  true if the given class is a abstract node .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call the stk500v2 and the main command-line interface .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   point
truth:  point   point

test:  helper method to apply reduced paths to a flat list of paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   a

test:  helper function to run a single tool settings .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates an oauthtoken at runtime .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  map   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  takes a number of tableau and a pivot ratio .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  start   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts utf-8 strings into native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   workers
truth:  takes   null

test:  initializes the random and seed as an array generator with the seed .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the form transformation = dict .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  file   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read kinds files from all kinds by fullname .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return mime-type with the best match (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  return   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns the relayiplist ip for the given server .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random string of random bytes .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  arrange the given service and return a list of dictionaries .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  int   pick
truth:  null   null

test:  get circle nodes from circle .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts any existing character in the string to ranges where substring sub is the dictionary .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  string   returns
truth:  input   input

test:  checks that the currently logged-in user has necessary permissions on the trigger .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  detect the current web bytes for debugging .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  check   in
truth:  null   disk

test:  convert a list of properties to a comma-separated dictionary of column optionally create a comma-separated function that maps the port properties .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  displays the root index page .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  list   list
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive into a directory .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the box on the cuda ifaces .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the external tree to a fif file .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  write   standard
truth:  link   link

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple m2m accepts a list of file names .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  is   factory
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new block of y-m-d and return its budgetid .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping the old urls handler .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   null
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test that a wheel install and install dependencies are installer .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  get a unique sharejs node from the specified node .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  returns   uuid
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a new post request and registers it to the given user .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify an rsa sha .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  signed   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  expects target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  create the default production production .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  test handling of event ordering .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   in
truth:  test   event

test:  for each tidy of the stack .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  ignore   list
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator for views that require the unicode command line and are in the given list of hosts .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  return   a
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  get all virtual_interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a custom page class for display .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check whether we can resize contained file .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath as dstpath from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the dht sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  search for launching with the given string .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  search   returns
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  validate the app configuration .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  config   config

test:  sends and updates the proxy proxyname to debug-level .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  ensures   up
truth:  create   create

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the second kind .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert a value to a unit .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack unsigned matrix from a fif file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  open a segs[i class for the specified data .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test working copy when a user already exists and has sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  working   working

test:  append an http token to the url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  append   checks
truth:  appends   appends

test:  ajax preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   preview
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  usage: {{ dictionary|at:key}} .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the column names from the column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  convert a bytes string to a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  downloads the current download locs .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  finds   null

test:  translate a url by hashing its arguments .
truth: given a url . 
test:  use   null
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a blob from the cloud provider .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create configuration configuration for displaying a modbus server .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start geonode .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from aliyun concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  performs the simultaneous clustering of the distance matrix .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the second sample of the input data .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  trims   bytes
truth:  fft   fft

test:  dynamically construct a class from a module name .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  small small solution for pam_login: .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  port   a
truth:  if   check

test:  encode a stream and like :meth:url_encode .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   encode
truth:  like   like

test:  construct an object holding binary data .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  figure   null
truth:  return   x

test:  models the user out .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only load this module if m2crypto is available .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confine   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  just returns the message .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  join   generate
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that latex is using latex .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  makes   check
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  returns a multi-dimensional matrix that is a diagonal array of arrays .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  creates   handle
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a set of within- .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if url is running on or later .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  tests if qiime is none .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  if   call
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  returns   gcd
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  test basic program .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  null   ssh
truth:  null   null

test:  check if worktree is installed .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch the system key .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  fetch   load
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loops going through a loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   add
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view function that allow the user to select a confirmation confirmation backend .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  view   view

test:  converts a text string into an integer .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  convert   convert

test:  verify that the instance is a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   return

test:  calculates the l2 norm of a l2 norm of f(x) .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  calculates the probability distribution for each 1d kernel .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  enable   download
truth:  calculates   null

test:  escape the provided data in jinja format .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  given a list of shortest pairs .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  solves   one
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  a decorator that entropy a transaction .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  attributes   object
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of an undirected graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  uses the videos: to create a tarball in an intersection file .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  given a module .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get known btrfs formatted devices from a system cli example: .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  known   get
truth:  known   get

test:  average directional movement index rating .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the nearest parent of the node that is a statement .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  returns the list of files in the given test directory .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return metadata as a named metadata .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  get   ec2
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates email preferences .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  object   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  takes a list .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  split   a
truth:  separate   null

test:  returns a suite of runner from a list of tag .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the shape of a scalar .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  elementwise   shape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for identical methods that should only receive anything .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  combines   up
truth:  return   a

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  runs   work
truth:  load   load

test:  a utility method called by child and walktree lists .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  returns   inverse
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  remove a lease from the input .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  called   null

test:  get the entire text of a file .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return art .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  to   sphinx
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  transform an address string to a newer hash .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dict with current duplicates and their information .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute content and the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  content   content
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  returns the linking path for the given file .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   login
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode string into an ascii object .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  returns a string that encodes a given path .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  create the given symlink path .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  link   link

test:  returns executable in the form of a given executable .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   find

test:  pretty size of our size bytes .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  returns   formats
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generate a doc doc .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the maximum statistic for variance distribution parameters data : array-like 1-d ndarray .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  is   null

test:  fixture to return a valid conf dictionary of combines as a valid directory .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  view   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write a fif source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number to hex bytes .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns whether the process is configured on the system .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for quickly parse a string in word .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  view   view
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  gzip -> gzip gzip a gzip string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  ask   data
truth:  return   return

test:  render the python modules .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  convert correlation function .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if there are no more updates to be created .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  attributes   context
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a correctly version of all python python python python python modules .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert list of points from attaching to 0-depth .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  construct   convert
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  check if the request matches the given whitelist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  create a template with a template .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  set   up
truth:  find   find

test:  return the last argument of a list .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl without end .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  test   test

test:  close all current tunnel data .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   stop
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom epic custom epic object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return the locale context .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   locale
truth:  return   locale

test:  ensure that activations activations with a layer of length activations and machine into a single layer of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  float   float
truth:  apply   a

test:  this only supports windows .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  load   works
truth:  null   null

test:  writes the given string to a file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   null
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get movie time from movie player object .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   get

test:  print the page documentation for a given file .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  given   html
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x array integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a list of available compression methods .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  lists   database

test:  check that a schema exists .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  default   a
truth:  load   data

test:  shut down the server .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shuts   null

test:  check whether a filename matches the specified date .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  test   check
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a diff for a specific package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  logs for a dylib file .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   version
truth:  null   a

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generate a sentence of random sentence from a single sentence .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  generate   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a v v for a path .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  helper for making a problem for a problem .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  see   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handle a widget move .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  edit   selection
truth:  moving   handle

test:  scale the image of an image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  field_type : inline | ref .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to delete a directory on the directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a pretty-print .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  host   a
truth:  null   convenience

test:  serialize an error message to a dict .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  return   python
truth:  turn   a

test:  alternate shell text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   shell
truth:  alteration   a

test:  print a string to stdout and emit it with the given name .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  progress   a
truth:  print   a

test:  prints the zone .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  delete   changes
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete an existing user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   tool
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert a pandas .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  kill a job with the specified jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  determine if the input is inside the one of the second variable .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor object .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   text
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a single dbref keys .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the dbref come from a dbref .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  tests that a valid project is created correctly .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  project   checks
truth:  projects   projects

test:  validate an email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  validate   args
truth:  if   checks

test:  get the locate database cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  start   information
truth:  test   configuration

test:  return the name of the strength strength .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  creates   replacement
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack an archive driver by a directory .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  updates a volume id .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  null   volume
truth:  update   volume

test:  to make it usable to sleep for the current thread .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  return   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  given an array of switch .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  render   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pause a message .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure the keyboard command exists .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  l2-inf norm .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   norm
truth:  null   norm

test:  determines if the value is an option and the first one of the default option .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  look   up
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the networks for use in the kb .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  set   set
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  converts a numpy array into a numpy array of integers .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  null   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the cookies of the current user .
truth: set g . 
test:  associate   cookie
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a ubuntu container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   a
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  callback for ctrl-c .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   handler

test:  return memory usage in bytes .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   memory
truth:  return   memory

test:  replace flags with prefix replaced with prefix .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  encoding   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given properties on a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  mount a file access with the given location .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates an image path for the given image .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  returns   download
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve a long description from its local title .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the regexp regexp for the osf db .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   safety

test:  returns a string representing an hexadecimal string .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  null   deserialize
truth:  convert   binary

test:  returns the [r of the given sequence .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  generate   counts
truth:  null   null

test:  validates dependency graph for all nodes in g .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload files to the binary renders .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  uploads   scan
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return a uniform column of the uniform distribution .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  returns   seconds
truth:  null   distribution

test:  serialize obj to json and return it as json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  like   json
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline paths directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the front front associated with a given image image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  writes a indentation to the current file .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  assert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  shorthand for creating a socket connections from a given server .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  show   bench
truth:  null   tools

test:  get repository dependencies from the database via parent directory .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   a

test:  test bayesian info .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   boolean
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a kindofgarch sample with the given nobs parameters ar : array_like .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  generates   standard
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from whitespace .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a student object from a student and create it out .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  unenroll   null
truth:  enroll   a

test:  set the queryset of all related to given forum and _iteratorbuffer .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  report   predicate
truth:  view   view

test:  creates a path from an url .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  used   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first item in a sequence .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the given command does not create vmrefs for the given command .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates comments with parent change after parent .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  add   words
truth:  update   update

test:  rss : rss | rss .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   rss

test:  get source estimate of the source files .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  read   in
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse all namespaces with cookie fields .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  install a soft environment .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   conda

test:  a helper to set the locale for the current locale .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  set   set
truth:  fake   version

test:  registers an admin extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  return a plot with a data plot .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  converts a module to a file .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  does   c
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the argument string where the idmapper was meaning .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  shared   change
truth:  set   set

test:  checks if the address is a valid ip address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a string with nulls converted to underscores .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  reinstall rvm rvm rvm ruby for a ruby ruby the ruby to install rvm .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a text into text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validates and decode a valid data reading .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  if   validate
truth:  null   sensors

test:  we can use a test mode that has nearby and plt .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  set   windows
truth:  track   track

test:  api to handle service hooks from github repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   api

test:  randomly choose the weighted choice of choices from list of values .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  weighted   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  to   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  return sqs currently set on an account .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   a

test:  uploads a user as a list of all public repos .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  converts qubit matrix to standard qubit .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if the passed value has a --max_server_instances as is a boolean .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a file thru the path to the history file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  write   test
truth:  save   null

test:  given a dictionary of template params .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  renders   attribute
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: promoted-build specifies the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log for trend requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   fingerprint
truth:  null   null

test:  return what state for array-like build cli example: .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  write   null
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system (same as os .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   count
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the score values .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  shortens a string to a valid filename .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  function   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  api function: type check for second data .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  debug   values
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source code .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  return a list of query words with the indices of the given query .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  validate whether a validator is a valid validator using a validator .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  if   a
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  send   send

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  used to format a warnings that should not already exist in a warnings dict .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  display   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  simple monkey-patch wrapper for caffemodel .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns the objects name of a class .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  converts   return
truth:  get   a

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get information about a cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   details
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for azure configurations .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  add an auth url to a url if not already present .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  adds   type
truth:  add   auth

test:  validate the first character of the value .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  check that a plotly graph is a plotly graph .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  creates a linear transform with some elements in a linear graph .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  join   attempts
truth:  shared   theano

test:  returns a lambda function which can be used to perform a tgrep_expr_labeled of three nodes of a few .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns a dict containing limited categories of the summary grouped by organism .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   null
truth:  seek   null

test:  escape & .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  elementwise   back
truth:  computes   null

test:  send client to a local machine .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   traffic
truth:  return   data

test:  return a safe organization of a organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   return
truth:  purge   null

test:  remove users that have the given user .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  separates   users

test:  test that tokenize a record on a line .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   error
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to see if a virtualserver module exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  convert an object into a marshallable type .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a repository => a repository .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  called   null

test:  return the power of n .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  compressed   entity
truth:  function   function

test:  load the stack loss data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path lengths between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a set-like field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  take   a

test:  disables a host to a specific host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  set   set
truth:  simulates   null

test:  add a block storage device cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  convert the given file to an integer .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  null   price

test:  try to generate a set of matplotlib image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a list of n random sampling bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   checks
truth:  are   null

test:  fuse a function to be called via nodes must be called .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm service prompt section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  computes   service
truth:  null   service

test:  turn an iterable of shape into a filter:: tuples of shape and shape .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  null   adjust
truth:  null   shape

test:  sample : prediction identifier .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  a simple view that expects a given page .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  process cmd .
truth: map command . 
test:  allows   rows
truth:  command   command

test:  short short to the context .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  start   handle
truth:  handle   irc

test:  group a 1-sized tensor into a 2d tensor of the elements .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  compute   load
truth:  finds   null

test:  format the given html with the provided arguments and kwargs .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  null   msg
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a vpc object ready to find a vpc with name .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract messages from the javascript file .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  return   message

test:  handle the second scale matrix of a regression problem .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  mask   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  create a multi-dimensional figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get a list of the authentication results for a particular type .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read a urls of urls as a dict of urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  xml   call
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the user preference for the specified user .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get text that start with a class="selected" queue .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return all registered partitioned limit .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  convert two values in bytes into same format .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the such that each executable can be small .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a new model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  create   return
truth:  given   a

test:  loads a grammar from the same directory as f() .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  code   code

test:  return a role object from available on the system .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  template tag for myanmar .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  gets   language
truth:  if   null

test:  test randomize of randomize functions .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the path of a test file .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create place running on specified style set of possible versions of possible ids .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   place

test:  detach the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was {attached: {attached: false} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached {attached: false} if the
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   detach

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the firetv component .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  config   config

test:  protect against re-patching the class that should be available .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  raises   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to have a given status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get request to pull request .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  pull   django
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  turns a content into a password and the database with the provided password .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  output   null
truth:  format   format

test:  check for metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  update   example
truth:  null   null

test:  makes sure that ignored extensions are valid .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  remove   list
truth:  null   multiple

test:  returns list of disk devices .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  run   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the unique id from a python object .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  compute   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new forwards user .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  ensure   in
truth:  add   add

test:  compile a file into a directory .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  compiles   a
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with purchase after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  send   notification

test:  show information about the logical volume(s) cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   information
truth:  return   a

test:  updates global task accepted .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  updates   add
truth:  update   update

test:  converts any given object into a unicode string .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from a tgrep2 of a parenthetical .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  builds   a

test:  extract integer name from invalid assignment .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are not equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename and returns the output as a dataset .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  handles the forgot password process .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  handles   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  empty function using the expression in the expression examples .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  cast   docker
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  for a display .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  called by the parent of two parent of parent .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the manager entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  execute a django command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  run   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  for each event variable indicating whether the time ends with .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  used   function

test:  url should not be sent to access the correct editor .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  filter   cycle
truth:  tests   editor

test:  create the default gcs bucket for the given bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of sets of led addresses to be expanded .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  generate   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction where and and intent are valid .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  writes debug messages to stderr .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  write   checks
truth:  print   a

test:  cover each sniff using source time .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  solve   compute
truth:  induced   compute

test:  returns a multivariate multivariate corrupt of length bits .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  mask the provided secret parameters .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to determine the current user for a given pid .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  return   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  write a comment to translation .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  generate   translation
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts any given iri to a valid filename .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  transform   transform

test:  this pops you into a str where str x is a str or of integers .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  updates a schema into the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a new cgi application and return it .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return the protocol for an expression .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  empty   returns
truth:  limit   limit

test:  login callback which invokes the perspective on the perspective .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  add   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick a disk driver driver name and image .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  targets   subscription
truth:  pick   pick

test:  ensure that we can load a case with a group of a group .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  check   a
truth:  model   a

test:  set value in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  value   set
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an image label .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   image

test:  remove playlist lx playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  change   show
truth:  delete   a

test:  loads pools from redis networks .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  override   up
truth:  starts   null

test:  converts a list to a string .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  does   a
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  provides a miller-rabin as a resource for associated resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  server   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents a resource action .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns a cache object .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  return   in
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a changes made to the specified jid .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a symbol into a dataframe suitable for use in a list of mappings .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   list
truth:  split   split

test:  execution execution of a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  get   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  tests that the text handling the same output as expected .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  reading   null
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config file back into place and place it .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  train   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine with ros .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a 2-tuple containing all non-overlapping matches in string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an mg record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  compute h and h for a directed graph .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  null   digraph

test:  returns the support for the given support .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that returns a response to its initial status .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns: the executable name .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  needs   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all outlines fresnel .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  load a plain plain encoded string from the given filename and return it .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  checks if a user password is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  download an existing notification via the user .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  view   case
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a tool looks like one of the named tool .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  given   vpc

test:  load configuration from a configuration file .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   config
truth:  validates   validates

test:  displays msg and dumps with given body .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  null   frame

test:  list all catalogs available on the system .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  list   list

test:  show the cassandra version of cassandra cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  launch   polynomial
truth:  show   show

test:  walk an xml document and convert it into a ast .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  get   replace
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade outdated .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  upgrade   kernel
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  works   work
truth:  work   work

test:  create a custom index type .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   null
truth:  index   index

test:  return the ipv6 binary binary binary binary string .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  check a user is a cron user .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  verifies if the request was not met then we can have a custom hash manifest .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  runs   returns
truth:  verify   users

test:  print an error message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  set   a
truth:  add   a

test:  do a hybrid field syntax .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  uses   access
truth:  parse   data

test:  gets the version string for the given version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  validate an url .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a phone dict to a list of tuples .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  ensure the lvs service is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  enable   enable

test:  deploy the application to the configurations file .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  setup   changes
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  log the filepath .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  writes   returns
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adds headers to the context .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  patch   replace
truth:  adds   null

test:  process the given url and return its response .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  opens   a

test:  waits for a client to have a login .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  make   multiple

test:  return location of image associated with given image .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  amazon randomness .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  to   null
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively list files from the master .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  read a reflog file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  returns   type
truth:  if   checks

test:  base64 decodes a string .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the file upload the filename upload the jsonc to the given filename case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile a function and return a name .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a line to native line .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general transform of a int_0^oo series of two proportions .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  converts a bcd to a bcd .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return any dimension that has any dimension size .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing coefficient of the graph .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  read   node
truth:  compute   compute

test:  checks if a list of strings are present .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  compute kernel of one function of the second integer and returns an array of the second between 0 and weights .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   product

test:  return text with only one argument passed in and return it .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  use   text
truth:  to   helper

test:  identify a new disk number .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  formats the minkowski distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   convenience
truth:  computes   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  testing   test
truth:  null   python

test:  return a diff of .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  return   list
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional convolve .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  null   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against nm variables parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   contrast
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  errcheck function for quoting a different operands .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a page to the security page .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  display   a
truth:  run   security

test:  converts label to a datetime string .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  string   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager that sets the default app .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  stores   manager
truth:  default   default

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc encodes a string of bytes .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  shows the given problem with the given problem as an open problem .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  view   returns
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that a string is a valid title .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  translates   helper
truth:  null   validator

test:  find all explorations available services cli example: .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a mimetype on a specific mapping file .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   a

test:  delete all matching containers and including the required process .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  determine the source code of each record in the source .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  return true if the given path exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the sql code of the current database .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  format   print
truth:  print   print

test:  retrieves the functions of a partition .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  checks   filter
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a slug list from a raw list .
truth: get slug . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students students responses and push the results to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  synchronize the given url with the same id as expected_volume .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  cleans   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate compatible sample ids files from a taxa .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the element attribute dictionary and element attribute to the decimal decimal .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  given a supplied computenode and a series of deltas .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  set   a
truth:  like   like

test:  set a contour on the user model .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance access list by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   instance
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  returns a qicon for a file .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  filter   html
truth:  caches   caches

test:  search for a service using the specified name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   find
truth:  search   search

test:  separate lines with two blank lines declaration .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  check   use
truth:  separate   null

test:  l{deferred} l{deferred} and configure values of a docstrings .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  make   null
truth:  see   null

test:  we need to compute the failure code used for an pause-download-on-pp failure .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  provides   function
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key from a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test source diff with preferential covariance .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  test   regression
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a url_for instance of the given file .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a timestamp into a standardized integer .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  parse   wrapper
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  adds headers to the context .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  make   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  group a sequence of pairs by values into a dictionary with pairs .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  null   a

test:  generates a random game of a game object .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string representing all of the interfaces associated with the given ip .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  closes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this property .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options used to access the global options .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a file is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  converts a string to unicode .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  build   in
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the control segment name for a given server .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of keywords .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  read   text
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  mock tests .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  add   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to decorate a method in a transaction .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  memoize   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  always returns the results of the operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  choose   a
truth:  return   operation

test:  freeze the wheel module to a binary .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  finds class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieve all tasks statuses for a given package .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  get   line
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  unzip the fnpickle object into a string .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  like   a
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  parses a rule into a tree of exported .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a packet from the specified packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  adjust   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the version of the proxy api .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ask the message if the pregnancy interface is either a list of message useful .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   class
truth:  return   return

test:  build the link to the hidden comment .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints a table of 2-element tuples in a given file .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  displays   print
truth:  testing   testing

test:  updates an asset asset .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  null   null
truth:  update   update

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set up the configurations for the test configuration .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  null   access
truth:  creates   null

test:  skip test decorator to skip tests for lms test .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  a retries for whether an http response is successful .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  get the simplepush notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns directly modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  scan for processes and returns the path to the updates image if successful .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  package   package

test:  return the information associated with the states group .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create an array of dtype objects that also contain a dtype .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  load msgspec .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  translated   returns

test:  doji star .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  block   block

test:  test handling of event .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  recursively add a new modules to a new python tree .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write various units to a single file .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   line
truth:  output   output

test:  get the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  have   null

test:  return a predicate instruction wraps the given retty .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  null   info
truth:  return   a

test:  sign a string v2 v2 v2 .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  get a group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   group
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  load a list of item types .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  load   replace
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal interpolation interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  run a command and return its output if it fails .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  to   shows
truth:  function   function

test:  recursive helper for defining terms .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a key=value quota rule cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns the profile image for a profile_image_names image file .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the login class of the user cli example: .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  return   information
truth:  get   get

test:  bring bring localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the version from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  make   logging
truth:  check   precision

test:  a decorator for handling a method on a class .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern into a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return true if path is a python module/package .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  internal integer .
truth: internal function . 
test:  exit   convenience
truth:  function   function

test:  read the string name from the given display value .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  returns   output
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  logs   logs

test:  get a twisted web server .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set a new variable value .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  set   a
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  ensure that all import tests are explicitly import .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   run
truth:  check   check

test:  get a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  unblock   a
truth:  block   a

test:  replace a new saves file from a json container .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  store   a
truth:  set   metadata

test:  gram-schmidt-like decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   =
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that the given package is not installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform all possible memory objects into a pair .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  set   warning
truth:  context   manager

test:  export from files to files .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  template   export
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  apply a filter .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  computes metadata for a restful restful .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   get
truth:  compute   image

test:  returns the sum of a keras variable along an axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the subprocess debugger and its rpc side by instantiating the subprocess its rpc .
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  provides the rendered widget on the admin site .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  displays   context
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list items in a queue cli example: .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from list  n  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  convert file size in human human readable size into human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  bytes   bytes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  formats   formats

test:  return a list of the quota for all available features .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   quotas

test:  finds expansion of the current position in the expansion .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  toggle   stubs
truth:  -   -

test:  check to see if the given words matches the given words .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  consume   a
truth:  check   google

test:  try to pretty printing out unicode data using the default pi .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   null

test:  update a session plot .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  null   master
truth:  update   update

test:  list all available package layers cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  return   information
truth:  returns   a

test:  methode with respect to two integers with respect to the same matched as :py:func:make_subrequest .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   regression

test:  updates the main application object in the main dictionary .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   rc
truth:  nested   update

test:  returns list of cohort that a cohort is saved for the cohort .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the exponential of the ec2 function .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  null   product
truth:  check   check

test:  internal method to create an public certificates for some authentication .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  store media files and all files associated with a document .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  store   store

test:  helper to morph source estimate using movie .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test that when we are shown from a local setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  run a given stream and return a word word string .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  starts   build
truth:  to   method

test:  split keyword from keyword arguments into multiple lines .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group from its name .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  given a list of possible sources .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  object   null
truth:  if   null

test:  writes message to stdout and write the message .
truth: output a string . 
test:  print   msg
truth:  output   a

test:  creates a directory if it doesnt exists .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance title by name or instance id .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  merge two entries into a set of entries .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  take   null
truth:  merge   merge

test:  return the absolute name matching a namespace with the given namespace or namespace .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   return
truth:  resolve   a

test:  given a file name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  if   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a beautifulsoup search .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  get svg path from the paths .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  verifies that the specified cron job is absent for the specified user .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  get a list of frame class from the passed in .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  return   instances
truth:  get   a

test:  utility to make sure that it can be used to get iers iers .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the category details of api details .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the command line options .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns the path to the profiler file for the given log .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of f from f and q .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   polynomial
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the push script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a proxy function that is the current user .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such that each item in a sequence .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that makes sure a function before under time .
truth: run some function . 
test:  func   wrapper
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the available sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a native set into a python list object .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the contents of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the default ddir user ddir .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  if   prompt
truth:  get   system

test:  list a floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the absolute path of a path .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   path

test:  add a zone on a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   add
truth:  bind   bind

test:  ensures that a message is valid .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  update   a
truth:  display   a

test:  disables the given task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  clear   set
truth:  remove   remove

test:  automatically allow anonymous to do this request .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  registers   default
truth:  null   a

test:  removes anything enclosed in a string .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  return   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write the carving .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  write   changes
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the float of the s .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  sum   sum

test:  given an entity file .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  performs   entities
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota allocated quotas .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   update
truth:  allocated   update

test:  asynchronously display the rpc token .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  allocates   null

test:  write the checkpoint checkpoint to the specified order file .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  to   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate over files that go through every possible date .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  iterator   custom
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  returns a value corresponding to the fractions of a symlink .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  null   correlation
truth:  return   a

test:  return a boto connection for the specified service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve all snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that initializing with a lda object behaves the same speed as empty .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   regression
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply the transpose of the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  call   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  retrieve a list of resources to which resources can be given .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  return   get
truth:  find   find

test:  test to make sure that social ordering is valid .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   results
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to make sure requests are authentication .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  memoize   a
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  computes the precompute distances inertia .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  suspend   compute
truth:  labels   labels

test:  local optional keys that are not in dict to check to exist .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  test   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a volume image cache entry .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  copies linear three basestring variables to pattern .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write unsigned still integer .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   everything
truth:  write   null

test:  remove a cluster version .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the current local path to a local directory cli example: .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this is a ufunc function that converts function_definition to decimal .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  if   null

test:  run a command on a remote host .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  write   null

test:  get list of lists of search tuples .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio yieldable yieldable into a tornado .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  gets the filesystem archive that is on the directory .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  sort two strings in english so that they can be easily written .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  joined   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 elements of an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the block scalar to a block of block scalar .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  do   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a dict with information about all countgraph usage ids .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  get   minimum
truth:  return   volumes

test:  return a string for the sites entry .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  remove   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  compute the hilbert transform of an array of points .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  multiply   reduction
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a copy of the string s .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  escape partial url < parameter .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  return   return

test:  look up an expression in a sympy expression .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add the security security group to the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  delete an item from the database .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes sample sample mapping file with specified length parameters 'map' : bool mapping file to analysis sample sizes of sample sample mapping file .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  convert   fits
truth:  applies   null

test:  turns a version-2 plugin plugin into a prints/logs plugin .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  set the value of a subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test sigma_clip of sensitivity .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   intervals
truth:  test   a

test:  estimate beta ridge ridge ridge .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  suspend   polar
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return common pathlist but ignore pathlist .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  return   return

test:  remove wsgi intercept that can be limit for the given host .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  attempts to add a message to the request using the info app .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns none if an error was present in the console .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  given   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator to require that a user be an api .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this function computes the variable length of a set of samples in the model .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  compute   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  breaks breaks of a series of lists with length size .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compile the root mean and return a basically instance .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that value is a positive string .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validate   optional

test:  round a correction with a simple mode .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  round   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert an integer to an integer .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set current video subtitle .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   new

test:  cache projects to a project .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  return   environment
truth:  projects   projects

test:  returns true if the given filename matches the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to amazon configservice configservice .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  decode a realigned encoding .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   attempt
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a url for the given course certificates .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generating   start

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  test that environmental with a activate does not exist .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read a string for a secedit format .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  is   string
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  transform the base path to a base path .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  construct   get
truth:  return   return

test:  prints sphinx versions to a server .
truth: format sys . 
test:  make   change
truth:  format   sys

test:  instantiates an array and returns it .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  given an rhs datastore .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  return true if the given version is available for installation .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  does   versions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set a dacl on an sls directory and return it as a dacl directory .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  set   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure an option option is present .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  exception a location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  given   a
truth:  deletes   image

test:  updates the contribution of given user .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  object   storage
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a list of all cyclic elements in order to riemann .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  builds   returns
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  install   a
truth:  show   a

test:  compute the kinetic function for the passed state .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a python source file name .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the configurations for a specific app .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  change   manager
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of app to use for a section of the current api .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  perform   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns whether or not the passed object is unicode .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  check   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function is used to download a device .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  display   list
truth:  null   device

test:  returns a list of all python directories on current platform .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  accepts   load
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of the temp file .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  creates an rpc object for use with the app identity api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  attempt to get the default access key from the script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a 2-d array that is not knot to be converted to x .
truth: given data x . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid of a container name container name container name tuple tuple .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return information about the top data on the minion cli example: .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   system
truth:  run   run

test:  sort command to otherwise remove landmarks .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  run   a
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  for a process .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  backup the given dir to a directory .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  backup   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  parameters owners .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   version
truth:  initialize   null

test:  call the given attribute with a timeout of the given parameters .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  block   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  extract and convert a row from a json string to a schema .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  generate   calls
truth:  convert   json

test:  create a worker .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  create   create

test:  retrieve a list of baremetal nodes from a baremetal node .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  print   print

test:  returns an primary key for supplied instance .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that allows a decorated method to be run .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the absolute path of the along given axis .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check that ccx is published in studio and course .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  overrides   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inverse of the hankel transform .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  uses unicode to unicode objects that extends extends extends access to unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  string   methods
truth:  call   str

test:  set the main variable of the script .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  given a kernel temperature .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  null   fits
truth:  defines   null

test:  returns true if the object is a type .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  make a color to the global color .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  create a new file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns an :class: .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  check to see if we can introspect an extension field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  saves an http plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  saves   null

test:  return osquery_flags information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  return   return

test:  loads the list of available modules .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  call   details
truth:  set   set

test:  get the mask based on the input argument .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the nearest alphabet for a runtime alphabet .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  access   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports data' method calls to response .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build table of the correct table names .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  build   a
truth:  return   a

test:  transform text into native by text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid number .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  check   return
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if the given executable is a needs range .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  bytes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator for api functions to handle http requests .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  retrieve all available widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  prepare the device and train it .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  use   a
truth:  get   wmt

test:  render an invitation error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  error   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setraw setraw return a spawned spawned file .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  generate   converts
truth:  put   put

test:  return a right-stochastic representation of the given edge in g .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return a format number for the given decimal and locale .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list into a list of lists of numbers .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  create an invariant field for entering .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  return a dict of the translation command .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  default   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces whitespace with a threshold .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  text   null
truth:  null   part

test:  build a dictionary that is a -*- location for the given type .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  produce   returns
truth:  builds   null

test:  run a tarball and return the archive .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  create   a

test:  create extra fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the number of complete count .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  get   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  builds a dictionary to the ith api .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   decodes
truth:  build   a

test:  set the range of a range as a set of lower bounds .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  add   set
truth:  set   set

test:  wrapper for the execution module to be set .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  print   null
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run eyegaze calibration .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  run   run
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot a on-times and a pmf several horizontal and return the distribution .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   data
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to skip test if svd is true .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes the salt module from the network device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the base64 encoded encryption key of a key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  get   return
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clear caches from the current thread .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   caches
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generates a random alphanumeric string of salt_chars .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test that some exception in python exceptions like regular expression .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  port   asserts
truth:  fail   null

test:  make sure func exists and raises a handle if it receives a valid attribute .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  to   function
truth:  restart   a

test:  return a list of all tests from a given list .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   a

test:  dynamically loads a dotted class from a string .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu deconv gradient with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  null   function
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete fibre channel zone manager drivers .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  like constant .
truth: some functions . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  run all the arguments .
truth: main program . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  null   program

test:  comb a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test transformations with non input .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  compute the resource degree of a node .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  generate   node

test:  load the packages from the package at the given template .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the tax number is valid .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validates   checks
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the directory for the given filename .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that testing with autoscale instances of autoscale instances .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   url

test:  check if the object is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  object   a
truth:  check   check

test:  map a cpp such that f(x) = rational = a*y .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  null   implements
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  check if a ssl node is a square mime moment distribution .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  check   test
truth:  return   return

test:  this function finds a scalar dynamize for use in a bayesian of amazon amazon dynamodb dynamodb .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  like   a
truth:  take   a

test:  splits a title into a list of lists .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  convert an expression to nnf .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  create   a
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  select a mounted action -> qaction .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  find   null
truth:  launch   a

test:  get a generator to check the collection of a given collection .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if a csv file and returns discovered csv format .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for ec2 configurations .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  build and build thrift config for instances of an bivariate response .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extract the id for a given segments id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  look through all logs patterns .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at the given level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   body
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the mqtt sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  outputs a string for an array .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  validate a list of dictionaries .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  null   polar
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads items from the given path to the stored cache directory .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   item

test:  tell whether the given package has at least one atom .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  obtain the lock from the space-separated lock .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  creates   string
truth:  finds   a

test:  return the latest version of the page being used .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  converts an object to a python object .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  publish   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate an application error to a datastore error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  imports and returns the class of a class .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   null

test:  wrap a function in a thread so that it will run a response .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  put   a
truth:  run   a

test:  export stats for all system functions in response .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  export   export
truth:  stats   stats

test:  delete an image from the system .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  loads the object from the json .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   decoder

test:  converts a value into a string .
truth: get opt . 
test:  takes   reverse
truth:  get   opt

test:  disable an disinherit disinherit .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert characters to a string .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  convert   call
truth:  translate   a

test:  updates a task with reserved reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  add   updates
truth:  updates   updates

test:  we need this to cspreport -- i on your api .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  check   shows
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check for log translations .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  landing calls to stop a worker step .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  null   context
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 date .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   input
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  return   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the name of the mirror mirror host as a mirror mirror string .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  construct   text
truth:  constructs   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if the arrays are not ordered .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  check   check

test:  load this module if prlctl is available .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  recalculate   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a os map from lists to a list of values .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  returns   parameters
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from an l1 table .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned on the service .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  build an offset from a datetime object .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if this xblock has limited to the specified xblock keys .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of file names and a list of names .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  update the dmg makefile request .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  file   list
truth:  update   update

test:  return data to use lvm connections cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   a

test:  create vbd and vbd from vm and vm .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   database
truth:  create   create

test:  identify the first valid origin format that should be replaced by the first loaded format .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  identify   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  given a page instance .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   new
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids groups .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  counts the number of times in a string that can be used in a explicitly by a number of bytes in the integer .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  compares   a
truth:  null   method

test:  kill a pid process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  kill   app
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a specific float set .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  takes a dictionary of mapping strings and returns a dictionary of dictionaries representing the mapping arrays to their index .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  return true if the given attribute is a symlink lookup .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a cluster options from a cluster .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  log   need
truth:  obtain   a

test:  show steps for all steps .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  usage: {{ errors in a scalar field .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a function to be called when the program is known .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   handler

test:  checks if a list is a list of ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address balongs to link-local multicast address space .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a method url to an api .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  generate a random word string .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  return a slice of the original slice for which can be addressvalueerror .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  get   wrapper
truth:  slice   slice

test:  adds an url to a query string .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  display   helper
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  takes a batch of indices and fills a batch of rows .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  batch   batch
truth:  null   helper

test:  recreate multiple tags from a list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  run a command in a subprocess and return its output .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  null   interface

test:  generates domain domain and coordinate id from the domain .
truth: for example . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   example

test:  given a sequence of bundle bundle .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  url   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of all python modules .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   a

test:  check that the email will run the email .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  make   check
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  calculate the full path to client .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  downloads   wrapper
truth:  execute   a

test:  use account to move repo account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  get the postgres options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the container namespaces as a list of dictionaries or names to geometric .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  split   split

test:  returns a list of all channels for a keepass file .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  generate   values
truth:  get   row

test:  compute a savgol filter for an array .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  reduce   remote
truth:  apply   a

test:  normalizes a 1-d arrays so that the items of arrays are array .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  assemble an error out of any errors in the given message .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  input   wrapper
truth:  input   input

test:  return a html page with the passed parameters as an admin on the page .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a protobuf image protobuf to a protobuf protobuf .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  function   function

