test:  returns a suite of reorder of the given suite .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  reorders   compiles
truth:  reorders   suite

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  default market defaults for the probes of the probes .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  updates   pulls
truth:  updates   null

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  attach total_watchers to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   collects
truth:  attach   count

test:  add a list of paths to the theme theme by theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   solve
truth:  add   settings

test:  guess a autoescape template string with a given name .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  turn   arrive
truth:  turn   escape

test:  convert a path to a list of filesystem path .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  return the correct path specified as a string .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by pathname .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  delete a vhost policy cli examples: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   stacking
truth:  get   grid

test:  get and write a commented file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  capture a screenshot the given image and capture the new scenario .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  finds a vcs tool in the specified path .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  request a entrance exam to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   distributed
truth:  request   problems

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init config options used for testing .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   unlinks
truth:  redefine   fixture

test:  decorator that injects the systemd function using the provided encryption per second .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  function that detects the date/time format for the string passed .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  copied   pulls
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the epoll() reactor .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  converts id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and/or a task id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns the largest saturation of the graph g .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  iterates   increase
truth:  iterates   nodes

test:  return the primary group of a process .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  init   expand
truth:  init   permissions

test:  check that the wsdl attribute and wsdl are available .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  set   located
truth:  set   method

test:  escape a byte string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  simple is a scalar which is not a rotating or 0d versions of indices .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  verify that the specified value contains the given value .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  find the mask with the left and right are matching the left .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   restrict
truth:  finds   array

test:  disconnect a few known session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  disconnect   trivial
truth:  disconnect   connection

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  fix the given html with all lines in make .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  fix   preload
truth:  fix   content

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  take a package and return a formatted string .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  split   results
truth:  split   keywords

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  pulls   relies
truth:  pulls   logic

test:  return a suitable url for a file system .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  convert a request mutlivaluedict to a http exception .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  convert   populates
truth:  convert   params

test:  pull out the timeslice of timeslice .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  perform a collection of estimator on an array that does not match .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  swaps the number of perticular items between two individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  reverse the order of an element .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  returns the status of an object .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  accommodate a sympy operator with the required key numbers .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  given a or return a list of or patterns .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  build   shared
truth:  build   string

test:  parse the main entry-point line and return the subcommand .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  apply max_staleness .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  apply   tracing
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task time slot slot should be index_transactions .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  start   mount
truth:  start   task

test:  gets the number of all the sample sequences in a set of bootstrap .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  yields   declared
truth:  yields   samples

test:  returns a live manager which integer integer manager which could be used for fails .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  returns the value of a request from request or session key .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  retrieves   listen
truth:  retrieves   key

test:  define a cfn options for the given name and type .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  defines   cause
truth:  defines   option

test:  helper method to check if the netaddr is installed .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   ayoung
truth:  check   base

test:  list haproxy servers servers .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  list   fold
truth:  list   backend

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   overlay
truth:  replace   func

test:  visit a directory and all its submodules .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  go   crop
truth:  go   directory

test:  return an md5 file from a specified file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  swap the case of the matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  swap   turn
truth:  swap   case

test:  credit: average convergence/divergence = tensors for processing .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  make a user on a uid .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  compute norm of f and g .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  measure of the asymmetry of a random expression i .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  correlation   associate
truth:  correlation   expressions

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  press the keyboard button for muting volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   follows
truth:  press   button

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   reuse
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  returns the string representing a tgrep2 search for the possible action .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  test if there is an integration for a task .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  sample from array x parameters x : array_like .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  compute   save
truth:  compute   euclidean

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  given   leaves
truth:  given   dictionaries

test:  take the value passed .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  flips a sequence in sequence into one seq .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  module from customizing source to be written in source .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  shuts   deallocate
truth:  shuts   worker

test:  return a single module name .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  return the class with the given namespace or none if no longer success or found .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  simplified   extract
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shutdown the system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be rebooted .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   directed
truth:  shutdown   delay

test:  returns all elements whose keys are the same .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  sort   eliminates
truth:  sort   elements

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler scale deployments in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  setup sidebar .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  enable   enhance
truth:  enable   items

test:  generate a password for socket tetragrid .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  return full absolute path to a pack pack .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  enable or disable deinterlace deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  enable   hits
truth:  enable   filter

test:  a decorator which adds a handlers to send a file error handler and a user to the response .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  download the specified file .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  sets the global indentation path for the current thread .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  returns a list of all python packages that are not within the python sandbox .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns true if slug is a float .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  set a value in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives .
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   format
truth:  find   parameter

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  the text number of gpus which is to be an etree or class .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  turn   sparks
truth:  turn   number

test:  parameters obj - the object to check for those that are not item in any list of targets .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  convert native sets to a python set state object .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  convert   grab
truth:  convert   val

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  return a dominating set of nodes in the bipartite graph .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  finds   lstrip
truth:  finds   set

test:  remove the small objects and remove the specified binary .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   tsv
truth:  remove   components

test:  this method provides the redirect url for a section on an url that will be passed in the course chapter .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  disable termination protection on the system cli example: .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  rewrite the batchjobservice path to our may exist .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  helper function for converting an xml window to the user id .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  utility function that converts a list of elements into a sequence of pattern .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  create   reveal
truth:  create   sequence

test:  get a bufr from the name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  get the list of fragments for the given list of fragments .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  add error to the hadoop and output to the language .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  expected assignment_params_and_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  creates a form field from its type and returns a subclass of form .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  convert a belongs to a folder .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  determine   wanted
truth:  determine   filename

test:  remove all content of a given resource .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  delete   registering
truth:  delete   views

test:  check if specified port is valid .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  returns a new node of predecessors to operate on node .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  find   scans
truth:  find   pairs

test:  reads in records to file of specified records .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  make an elemwise elemwise transfer function .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  replace   emits
truth:  replace   definition

test:  returns a list of absolute paths to the complete page .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return a service in the organization .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  enqueue a background background jobs .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  retrieve the email of the given user .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  look   allocate
truth:  look   user

test:  return the ip given without the user .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  shortcut to show the matplotlib legend .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  function   meet
truth:  function   legend

test:  replace the default time to additionally .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  replace   support
truth:  replace   time

test:  print a list of all documents in a particular document .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   decreases
truth:  print   documents

test:  print a list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  header   converted
truth:  header   block

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values is less than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  load a pickle file from a file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  remove a variable from the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  strip the first sentence from mathtext mathtext of the string .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  remove   move
truth:  remove   latex

test:  index a u_{t+1} based on index of a field .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   emitting
truth:  display   character

test:  sets the latest version of the today .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  compute the diversity front of the diversity front on the first front of the front of the diversity algorithm described in rfc polynomials .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  print an error message to an error handler .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  checks   capturing
truth:  checks   error

test:  this is a silly small function .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a group title .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  return a dictionary for paths that may be included with the update .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  traverse   crop
truth:  traverse   directory

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  generate the command of all dependencies of a given compiler .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  compute   coupling
truth:  compute   target

test:  check if an exploration exploration is valid .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within verbosity quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  return task info .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  get   mount
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  return   registering
truth:  return   views

test:  parses a timestamp .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  returns the node ports in the graph that are returns a node .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  return   simulating
truth:  return   input

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   looping
truth:  destroy   node

test:  pack the given stream and print it to the provided stream .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  override   deflate
truth:  override   config

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  test uninstalling an editable package from a svn svn package .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  simple patterns for the patterns of the input patterns .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  pulls   config
truth:  pulls   patterns

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  sanity checks installed packages path were not currently installed .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  displays   downloading
truth:  displays   package

test:  wrap api calls to choose the theta of triangles .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a registry keys values to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_returners to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   pulls
truth:  sync   null

test:  python traceback to python traceback .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  pulls   skipped
truth:  pulls   use

test:  deserialize an email address from a new email address .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  view   port
truth:  view   helper

test:  return a vector of attribute for given object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   controlled
truth:  returns   identifier

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  parameters _type - the type to be checked against returns validator - a function of a type .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  creates a new database .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wrapper around qtgui .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  convert list of all money results to abc .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  returns current locales of the current translation bidi .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  override   base64encodes
truth:  override   djangos

test:  yields the format of a users compact .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  iterate   sleep
truth:  iterate   files

test:  wrap a function or method of a method .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the host of an esxi network so it will pick up any changes or list of hosts .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live execute a screenshot screenshot for each build .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  pulls   reorders
truth:  pulls   screenshot

test:  escape & .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  insert   flashes
truth:  insert   characters

test:  display a custom python object .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  exists and returns the value of the value .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  generates a random string/key of "b" characters in length .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return a string containing a canonical code for all python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation of the named media .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  cleans and extract ffi_callback() .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  returns the nth differences from the ca symbol .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  check whether a arithmetic operator is a valid one .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  json encoding for use in a url .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  serializes   aliased
truth:  serializes   json

test:  looks up a show and return the values in the show .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  build   eliminating
truth:  build   cache

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  wait for a function to gain until it will be changed .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   reported
truth:  wait   function

test:  get the javascript urls for the given pipeline .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  i send an email containing a list of files .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  break   equalize
truth:  break   email

test:  returns list of absolute templates for the given host and list of templates .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager and applies the implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  build   reflect
truth:  build   testcase

test:  read graph in p2 format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   translated
truth:  read   g

test:  return the coleman-li float with its arguments .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  casts   transliterate
truth:  casts   variable

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  create a network acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  replaces   inform
truth:  replaces   entry

test:  create a table that doesnt need to specify colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  return the text type of a given kind .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  returns   shows
truth:  returns   subclass

test:  create a translated revision for the given document .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  return   capitalizes
truth:  return   revision

test:  migrate migrations for admission .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   identifies
truth:  apply   plugin

test:  test if we can run a vm on one .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   exchanges
truth:  register   capabilities

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  mutation that pops or [val] mutation .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  adds   urlencode
truth:  adds   item

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  an instance of var(p) process parameters groebner : pandas one of the polynomial remainder : number of 1^ .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  convert non-central moments to spline analysis .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  parses a chunk of lines in chunks to a list of: .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  take   tend
truth:  take   chunk

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  returns true if the given content is related to use as the current content .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test when hovering starts starts with an api usertypes .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  test   point
truth:  test   status

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  this method is called to provide a calendar in a submission format for a calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  persists   inserting
truth:  persists   calendar

test:  return path to resource on win32 .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  determine   storing
truth:  determine   template

test:  safely remove the pidfile of the file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return the current list of daemon and their status .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns the entire score of the document .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   accepting
truth:  returns   e

test:  stop an existing query to an existing query .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  convert each item in list to each color space .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  convert a list of tags into text .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  remove files and dirs from destination .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  get sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   inputhook
truth:  get   sys

test:  convert a set of binary search into an array .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a file-like object from a file and returns it .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  filter a template to ensure its funcs to use in the plugins .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  write a callback to an option .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse time string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  writes the given value to standard output .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the total party of the current request .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  respond   assign
truth:  respond   requests

test:  get the device name of an obj object .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns the closed sequence in a passed sequence .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   confirmed
truth:  check   length

test:  return the featured featured rotation page .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  retrieve   file
truth:  retrieve   rotation

test:  create a continuous random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  projects on memcached .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  list   determine
truth:  list   projects

test:  displays zen for zen mode for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  identity function .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  returns   utf-8
truth:  returns   argument

test:  send e-mail when a review request is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  helper function to resolve a function to be used in a subclass .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  status add .
truth: status add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return the given path string .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encode   define
truth:  encode   path

test:  zoom in and out of a single image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  zoom   pulls
truth:  zoom   null

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   restoring
truth:  set   data

test:  if request or http response or a http response or a cherrypy response or least one of the response is valid .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get a emulates element of a unit .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  find the pointer argument of a sympy expression .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  this function returns a generator of elements of a given reference or dir_name .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  authentication for a given dataset .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  add   inhibit
truth:  add   label

test:  compact object names and add to your test section .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  load the given scores directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload the project with history .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  pulls   process_memory_map
truth:  pulls   buffers

test:  return the first element in a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  tests that the upgrade-strategy methods are reasonable .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   currents
truth:  test   state

test:  return a list containing all available filepaths in the <path> .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  return the first location that is used to look up the provider .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   execute
truth:  return   region

test:  load little-endian 32-bit integer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   standardizes
truth:  load   byte

test:  compute a redirector node statistics for a given shared and a new set of values .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  compute   stopped
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   labeled
truth:  moves   file

test:  print a movie and the annotations that will be executed .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  run   knapsack
truth:  run   request

test:  return callback for each type in the given list for all the keys starting at path .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  executes   reported
truth:  executes   function

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  unsubscribe watching a question .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  stop   target_expressing
truth:  stop   question

test:  set the sql connection for the current user .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  find   allocate
truth:  find   user

test:  restart all nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   prettify
truth:  restart   process

test:  read all multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   wants
truth:  read   parts

test:  return the string contained in a virgin context .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  is   files
truth:  is   check

test:  commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  perform a function over hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  provides user-friendly zone and adds one element to avoid multiple backedge .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  ensure permissions and forward permissions .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   controls
truth:  ensure   ids

test:  checks admin users cannot access the admin site .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  tests   generate
truth:  tests   users

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  parses iso 8601 time string to a python datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  parabolic the shortest path of a directed .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  the scenario result has an undefined point and steps as steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  convert a collection options to a collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  get   offset
truth:  get   parameters

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  convert a version string to a tuple of integers .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  convert roman numeral to integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  return the hyperbolic distance between two arrays .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  shows the standard upgrade page .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  receives   pulls
truth:  receives   null

test:  convert a host object to hex escape format .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   preloading
truth:  convert   host

test:  utility function to run a command and return the output .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  return   modifies
truth:  return   cmd

test:  return a registered auth that will mark a user as deprecated .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetch   switch
truth:  fetch   list

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  makes   enroll
truth:  makes   iterator

test:  execute a binary command with the specified versions of priority .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a new project .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   forgot
truth:  add   project

test:  configures the config file if required .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  return the spherical vector3 .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  return the path where the variable is in the package .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   accepting
truth:  convert   e

test:  put a write from contract and : does not exist under contract .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  update   sleep
truth:  update   files

test:  return the repo sass that contains the given system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  return   stats
truth:  return   dirs

test:  dump handler for the user to the beginning argument .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return the path for given template context .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the binary key of a given key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  computes   listen
truth:  computes   key

test:  returns an otu map file handle to be used in otu assuming that the file is more than one coursecontentmilestone .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  this is an editable link to automatic automatic os installation installation and link to an editable notification .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  is   bring
truth:  is   page

test:  get a list of thumbnails for a source image .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  import a dotted module path and return the attribute/class designated by path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  takes   define
truth:  takes   path

test:  return true if data contains a crc32 transform .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  install a capability using dism args: source : the capability to install source : the capability to install source : the optional source : the capability for the target images
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   protects
truth:  install   args

test:  flip an image by setting it to the transpose manager .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  flip   forwards
truth:  flip   image

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  gets a base name for a volume .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  search for all the python related files which match the given search and returns a tuple of the python related files to be a string containing that also search for
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   flip
truth:  search   python

test:  install a package using twisted reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  schedule   signs
truth:  schedule   display

test:  gets the restful handler for the course given is currently active and its children .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  obtains   prompt
truth:  obtains   locator

test:  return true if the given header or is a casava .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return disk usage statistics about the given path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a list of all known containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  parameter_list : parameter_list comma parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   integrating
truth:  convert   scipy

test:  builds the clonespec config spec .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  returns   simulate
truth:  returns   spec

test:  bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  scale the carving .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  pulls   blocklists
truth:  pulls   carving

test:  a helper function to makepatch modified by specifying the unclean .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  detects   supports
truth:  detects   text

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  the layman algorithm for attribute-dependent algorithm .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  solves   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  solves   problem

test:  returns the number of module in the specific import .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  fetch   sparks
truth:  fetch   number

test:  fixture providing a win registry for providing a fake registry .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  fixture   routing
truth:  fixture   registry

test:  return a list of objects matching the given selector in obj .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  query   managed
truth:  query   bokeh

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  removes   aligns
truth:  removes   volume

test:  test if an example has a gpu polynomial .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  the download metadata is cleaned up against a post request and the version .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  is   spawns
truth:  is   endpoint

test:  returns true if photo is installed .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  function   labeled
truth:  function   file

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   sluggified
truth:  return   center

test:  assign a mongodb definition to a string .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  adds the applications and merge each batch with a elements op .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the filenames of a finders .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  average directional movement index rating .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  flow   regressiont
truth:  flow   index

test:  returns the repository in js_files of this file .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  parameter_type_list_opt   pulls
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  fixture that provides a headerchecker above context .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  pulls   resize
truth:  pulls   tls

test:  given a type string .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper method to convert a dataset collection into a collection .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  split   reallocation
truth:  split   collection

test:  get all defined networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  return   preprocess
truth:  return   networks

test:  return true if url is an link .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  flatten a list of lists into one big player sequence containing all elements of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  takes   constant_expression_opt
truth:  takes   iterables

test:  setup the mqtt component .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  initialize   msg
truth:  initialize   component

test:  change the name to pprint .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  rename   aliased
truth:  rename   json

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  scan   small_stmts
truth:  scan   line

test:  test of bootstrapping from epochs .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   specifies
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday <series> -- returns the regex -- a string .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  simple rankvals test of distance matrix .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  tie   invoked
truth:  tie   factor

test:  scan the status for a certain task id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  returns   demos
truth:  returns   scan

test:  main text .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  text   simulating
truth:  text   input

test:  transliterate the absolute path of a path .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  create a new identity for the tenant .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch using the given tournament .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  compute   regressiont
truth:  compute   index

test:  convenience function to create timer object and call timer method .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  function   avoid
truth:  function   timer

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  find a towards file system and prints it .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  compare two objects while creating a nested structure .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compares   exposes
truth:  compares   values

test:  return the object representing the plugin manager .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  obtain   encapsulate
truth:  obtain   instance

test:  calculate the system state of a system .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  determine   loads
truth:  determine   changes

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  apply   enhance
truth:  apply   items

test:  parse a float_uint8 pair of keywords to given keywords .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  takes a string and returns the csv as a list of head .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  given   flow
truth:  given   fields

test:  a helper for :func:dup_decompose .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  displays   publish
truth:  displays   graph

test:  convert a group to a group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  has   allocate
truth:  has   user

test:  manage the snmp traps .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  manage   format_alignment
truth:  manage   authentication

test:  make sample table where each sample is currently .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  make   bounds
truth:  make   table

test:  parses compatible workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  displays   pulls
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns the class of instances and saml events .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  return a immediate image .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  exposes the provided settings or class will return appropriate for the specified settings .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the disk points in the cubehelix constructed by the cubehelix to color .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  prepare the sensor dpi after the first axis is bipartite .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of configured configured projects .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  filter   seek
truth:  filter   subscriptions

test:  launch a process .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  spawn   takes
truth:  spawn   stream

test:  returns web page .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  pulls   chop
truth:  pulls   owner

test:  add a name to the unheld : string name of the service .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  verify that the current_players utility exists .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  check   interfacing
truth:  check   axes

test:  kill all the jobs that are present in the specified job .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  return an http request body .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  wait for a process to be imported in the behave command .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  fire   rescales
truth:  fire   event

test:  returns the cli width of the tokens that correspond to the given width .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  pulls   stop
truth:  pulls   dots

test:  return true if flags can be used .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  check   switch
truth:  check   list

test:  returns the average of inputs and targets .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  weighted   negotiate
truth:  weighted   loss

test:  only work on systems that have systemd .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  determines if this module is an instance of a specific instance .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a convenience function that parses a value out of a url and returns a dictionary of all the data contained in an contingency json .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  evaluates   shared
truth:  evaluates   string

test:  get and add an indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  deletes items from the memcache and times them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  deletes   enhance
truth:  deletes   items

test:  creates a new element tag for the xml element .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  handles a rule to the given ip addr(s) .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a byte string for a given fqdn .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  return true if the given stream is a valid json stream .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  translates exception using the given unwind on failure .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  patch an object or raise if it is not found .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   dumping
truth:  deprecated   patch

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  pulls   int
truth:  pulls   match

test:  issues http proxy settings .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  invalidates a hash on a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  invalidates   orthoganlize
truth:  invalidates   hash

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  extract input into a multinomial form .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  generates and returns a collection type .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  compute the zero loss from zero to the quality circle .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  return paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  delete string from the tree cache .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  get a function name for a function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  extract   format
truth:  extract   parameter

test:  gets the country from a db .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  save the token into an existing blob .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  stores   iterate
truth:  stores   auth

test:  return the file mode that displays any file value in the current dir .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  returns   created
truth:  returns   mode

test:  parse the response for a epsv request .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  given   install
truth:  given   response

test:  return a new text name for the given block .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check the match tree .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the description of a filesystem at the specified path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a copy of the canonical form which can be used as new scalar or web application form .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a hybi-07 pattern into an int .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   canonicalized
truth:  converts   posix

test:  make sure symbols can produce symbols correctly .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   associate
truth:  make   expressions

test:  simple setup for when theres a set of axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  pulls   pull
truth:  pulls   one

test:  load information from v2 file .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  get a resource name and identifier it .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  return true if filename is a framework containing a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  append some possible to the autojump .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  prepend   emits
truth:  prepend   definition

test:  returns the string in the configuration .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  get   launch
truth:  get   coordinates

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the list of targets in the targets containing the provided list of targets .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  returns   insert
truth:  returns   targets

test:  execute a single system cli example: .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  execute   decrease
truth:  execute   action

test:  return a list of projects from the named bug .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the cpu time .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the mac address of a given ipv6 address as defined by rfc 2822 address .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  check that currently logged-in user has specified permission .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return a single blast record .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  returns the old license key .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  quote an argument for use in a class .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  delete a check if it exists .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   files
truth:  delete   check

test:  checks gle .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  internal helper function .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  collapse collapse values in the database .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  function   insure
truth:  function   dataframe

test:  tests the creation of a metaclass forms equal to the default formatter wrapper for r/w/exception .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload user library .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  return a new external id for the product .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  sets the modules with a given name .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  pulls   dispatched
truth:  pulls   calls

test:  helper function for :func:sqf and :func:factor .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  recursive   port
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  test   request
truth:  test   control

test:  authentication to custom page .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transforms for numpy .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  create the right container path with the provided args cli example: .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   raising
truth:  create   docker

test:  mocks calls to return the specified c{nodeid} as argument .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  reset   -
truth:  reset   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  returns true if the given cifar-10 is a release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  define new versions that example already had with some checks .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  uses   induce
truth:  uses   testing

test:  create new folder inside the filesystem .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  inverse of the transformation for the estimate of a proportion helper function parameters cdfvals : array_like the upper estimate of the sample position for each sample correction is correlation .
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  vectorized   pulls
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  instantiate a resource type .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  return   stops
truth:  return   topic

test:  check that the source utility is inside a inside another space .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  multi-dimensional slicing: slices of same slices into multiple time step .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  pulls   store
truth:  pulls   memory

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return the resource file as an safer resource file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  assert that a string is rather than expected and b .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   svn
truth:  asserts   dicts

test:  returns polynomial norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  iterate over the lines of a path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  yields   compares
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or create an ec2 instance id from uuid .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   center
truth:  get   ec2

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  register   initialized
truth:  register   notification

test:  list all users within the organization .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  return an absolute path object for the given absolute url .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  make   saves
truth:  make   links

test:  parse the first line of a composites and return a list of lines keyed by the input .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  call a function in a remote thread .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  checks if a string is a valid bool .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  a convenience wrapper around numeric to provide apis .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  returns   default
truth:  returns   part

test:  dump an exception from the exc_info .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dumps   shed
truth:  dumps   exception

test:  return true if binary is a binary for the specified linux package cli example: .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   supports
truth:  decrypts   text

test:  this is a helper function that takes a list of values for fast .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  configure reactor c{reactor} .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  start   popen
truth:  start   reactor

test:  return an on/off string for the given node .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  helper for possibly an argument .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  equivalent to pickle .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  setup logging for testing .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  restful crud controller - used for imports on group based on vars .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  writes text to linebreaks .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  returns the normalized elemwise moment of x and upper endpoint .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  update a running system cli example: .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  sends a notification on a topic without waiting for a response .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  sends   rescales
truth:  sends   event

test:  create a new triggerdb model audit as expected .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  single transaction view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert an absolute path to a resource native file native directory name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  git = [random() di .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns dictionary for a given type with its metadata .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  determine   dotted
truth:  determine   relationship

test:  returns an ast instance for a file .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  display   sleep
truth:  display   files

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  create a mock for use with the given name and context .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  test that the comparison and multi are the same index .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  gets the current xml file .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  show   embedded
truth:  show   example

test:  check to see if the device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  submit barcodes of a release .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  submits   lstrip
truth:  submits   set

test:  make a column-oriented object by name or artifact it usable in the database .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  retrieves   responds
truth:  retrieves   database

test:  returns the value corresponding to the rules of label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return a service configuration tag for the specified api configuration .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns a random string of the given controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  creates   shortens
truth:  creates   classes

test:  return a factory: factory: that makes deprecated objects .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  pulls   parameter_type_list_opt
truth:  pulls   decorators

test:  handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a field .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  handle   compounded
truth:  handle   gcd

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  take   labeled
truth:  take   file

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  vectorized transpose operator like diagonal .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  transposes   looking
truth:  transposes   operator

test:  set up & run a publisher .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  save and update the data to the cached dictionary .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  find all tags that match the given criteria .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  compute zero-crossings factorization of expression for its close to the get_config of x .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  see   overlay
truth:  see   func

test:  marks a value as satisfying a given constraint type .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  return   constrain
truth:  return   attribute

test:  load the failure contained in the given failure .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  convert   represent
truth:  convert   failure

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return the zfs function of x .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a serialized .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  returns the wsgi stream for the current request .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  strip a list of files from a given argv .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  instantiate a command for ssl server .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  provides   located
truth:  provides   method

test:  interpret a windows feature args: modelid : the name of the python interpreter returns: base64-encoded environment .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  returns   windows

test:  runs nagios plugins and return all the nagios plugins .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  run   interpolated
truth:  run   plugins

test:  returns path as an absolute path with ~user and env var expansion applied .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   hanging
truth:  expand   variables

test:  returns true if discussions are cached discussion category is respective for the given course .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  return a unique hash used for this system .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  returns a dictionary with keys verbose_name raise an exception if found .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  make   executed
truth:  make   dictionary

test:  returns a group topic form page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   r^2
truth:  returns   form

test:  print a single text to an object .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  outputs   pulls
truth:  outputs   null

test:  read an templates .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a callback to a section of the section to the given target .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  register   loads
truth:  register   changes

test:  return the list of all the system includes the ones as a wordpress system .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  return the default currency to use for the minion datastore .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  use   pending
truth:  use   default

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  close the matplotlib event .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  callback   discover
truth:  callback   closing

test:  return the status for a service on the host .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  obtain the list of articles to get the resources from the display .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  connect   signs
truth:  connect   display

test:  enable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object objecttype: true will enable the dacl to the dacl before disabling inheritance on
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  this function takes a decomposed dn as parameter and returns a single dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  decorator that calls only if argument is running in a loader .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  the docinfo collate it is to create the first node .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  inspect   post_save
truth:  inspect   metadata

test:  generate a list of tuples containing the path distutils with the given sources .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  recursively test for automatic swift .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  for removing password for a password .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   equalize
truth:  queues   email

test:  parse a document and produce the log file .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parse   bump
truth:  parse   definitions

test:  assert that the tpotclassifier parameters for a fixed object with a operational custom parameters .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  retrieves languages to use when the application is provided .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the filename of the cache for bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  returns the suffix of a string .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  multiply   tell
truth:  multiply   signature

test:  create upload url for post form .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  create   escaped
truth:  create   post

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  ensures   define
truth:  ensures   path

test:  will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits sucessfully .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  update   childnodes
truth:  update   timestamp

test:  copy a descriptor .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   killed
truth:  adds   network

test:  add a task status to many times to a many data .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  update   inverts
truth:  update   statuses

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  return the nth common element of x .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  determine if the first few prime is chosen for selfridge parameters n : int .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return true if the desktop is running in this environment .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  detect   pulls
truth:  detect   null

test:  create a new url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  efficiently compute vertex field .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  compute   flattening
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  look through a systems file and return the first possible path and return the fileserver server on cli example: .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  search   unquoting
truth:  search   environment

test:  given a url .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  generate   wants
truth:  generate   parts

test:  parse the first package and return a dictionary of correctly for each image .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  give a list of page where the user can get the string "all" .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   outputs
truth:  give   pages

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  sets the storage that the document is used to set the parc of the document .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  update   support
truth:  update   time

test:  decorator that checks if the given exploration can be used .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a list of features to spin .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  add   handle
truth:  add   features

test:  tests that the base file extension is improved .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the default prefix for temporary directories as bytes .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  bytes   extract
truth:  bytes   version

test:  a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  paste   launching
truth:  paste   pipeline

test:  test %%prun with ipython special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  pulls   making
truth:  pulls   float

test:  write a value to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   bench
truth:  write   value

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  pulls   hold
truth:  pulls   oserror

test:  change unicode code to bokeh .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  test disconnect without invalid args .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  test   skips
truth:  test   connections

test:  load a dataset from a file .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  returns true if the given contents is gzip .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if the segment is intersecting inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  convert a datetime into a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  fab -h username@host deploy:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  generates the current ssh key for the specified ssh request .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  return the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns a list containing all namespace that match the given namespace .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  gets the follows between two users .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  extract mac address from lighting into google ospfv3 and mac explorations .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  parse   scheduled
truth:  parse   hub

test:  constructs and returns an contents of a file-like object .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  load   slice
truth:  load   pickle

test:  decorator to load env and/or return a function with a mutex of arguments .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  calculate the natural logarithm of a pair of gzip pairs .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return true if val is enabled .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return inverse of all item in case where the path is .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of the items of the given ostypes .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   autoreleased
truth:  list   types

test:  checks if a condition is blacklisted .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   dictionary
truth:  check   condition

test:  add a channel .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this decorator converts the first argument to a guess command .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  given   rectify
truth:  given   parser

test:  return true if code is likely to detect the server .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  detects   batch
truth:  detects   code

test:  parses a str entry as a list of numbers .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   inform
truth:  parses   entry

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  always predict .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  return the leading coefficient of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  apply the value to an argument argument .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  attach response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  attach   defines
truth:  attach   attributes

test:  gzip the gzip file with import and return a dataset class .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  return from owner_ids .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  time scaling of the sound of a sound stocenv: stocenv: hfreq .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  reads and returns the contents of the specified buckets .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the x intersection indexes .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  a category structure to the category structure .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  merge the data from a dict .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  remove a task for the given logs .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   polishing
truth:  removes   celery

test:  all available regions .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  tear   identifies
truth:  tear   plugin

test:  get all the n of a node with the given node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this is a fake code to write some side of cdpath first .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  returns the chordal graph of the chordal graph .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  remove a value from makeopts variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   bench
truth:  remove   value

test:  calculate the tensorflow expression of cross-entropy of two distributions .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  computes   feed
truth:  computes   entropy

test:  convert a 2-d matrix of arrays into a constant .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  multiply   looking
truth:  multiply   operator

test:  read a name from plotly .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieve   batch
truth:  retrieve   code

test:  a context manager that acquires a fake execution .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   ssl
truth:  context   errors

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference to a tuple .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  reset git control character .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  resets   authenticates
truth:  resets   working

test:  dipole potential potential using old transformation .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  pulls   partitioning
truth:  pulls   v

test:  test initial_difficulty for feature .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the field with the given name and return it in a list of field names .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  finds   flattening
truth:  finds   field

test:  return the string with the form and the its data .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  returns   mutate
truth:  returns   column

test:  format the given number for human readable format to a single number of bytes .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  convert string to array of boolean values .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm config .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  pulls   loads
truth:  pulls   changes

test:  render the site organisation for human readable site .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  configure   cut
truth:  configure   tab

test:  get the current idle session' .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  return   directed
truth:  return   delay

test:  swaps the number of perticular items between two individuals .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  apply   colored
truth:  apply   operation

test:  a providing the list of items for the given router .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  calculate   supports
truth:  calculate   text

test:  return the series return the sum of delivery-pipeline variable examples .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  return   landing
truth:  return   sum

test:  a function that returns true if the python shell is a shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  is   encapsulate
truth:  is   instance

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  extract   preload
truth:  extract   content

test:  task time slot slot .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  stop   mount
truth:  stop   task

test:  do the wikipedia wikipedia handler for a subset of a certificate .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  add a single image to an rgb image .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  add a raw http request to an application aes .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  generates   standardizes
truth:  generates   byte

test:  get service account for use in configuring account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  check whether a given user can edit the given model type .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return the position of a word .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  build   sanitizes
truth:  build   regex

test:  test the cifar-100 when geometry is update .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  ensure   gzipped
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  constructs and passes the target api and passes it to the target .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse a string into a list of tokens * the start part of tokens * the tokens includes the start of tokens .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   obfuscate
truth:  parse   tokens

test:  return the t t of arbitrary input array .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  return a union of the union of a and b .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  does   relies
truth:  does   logic

test:  get the get time .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  utility function for handling units .
truth: two branches . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a configuration file into a configuration object .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return method function object .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return ndarray ndarray along the given axis .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  subtract the local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  return   categorize
truth:  return   read

test:  parses a source string in a zipfile .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   collects
truth:  parses   count

test:  leap helper for discussion: .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  return   cie
truth:  return   predicate

test:  load the manifest for a given bootstrap package .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  update   inputhook
truth:  update   sys

test:  render the given html with the given inlines .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  renders   escaped
truth:  renders   post

test:  list all the available state modules in an environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  this group id and group id from a password database .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as a file .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test if number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  test   reviewing
truth:  test   num

test:  return the info for feed feed .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  determines if a renewal needs to be a renewal datetime .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  gets a mnist .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   debugging
truth:  gets   dataset

test:  return the rich-club clique of the graph g .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  raise assertionerror if f does not raise *exc* .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  determine   drops
truth:  determine   call

test:  returns the number of the primorial integer n of the primorial .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  return a unicode object for the given string .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  ensure   utf-8
truth:  ensure   argument

test:  test drawing circles without transform using ellipsevisual .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   vcs
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  returns content and tag of a file .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  recursively apply the dotted fields to a list of document strings .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   flow
truth:  normalizes   fields

test:  format a number with beautiful commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  flatten a list of dictionaries .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  flatten   solve
truth:  flatten   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  turn interactive mode to interactive python .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  turn   created
truth:  turn   mode

test:  converts human readable form to int .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  excluding test for composite should always be ok .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   deployed
truth:  test   symbols

test:  returns a dialogs of a file that looks like a scaleway nn exception parameters subject : matplotlib scale .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  assemble   repeat
truth:  assemble   scaling

test:  find a mine of the mine with the given chain .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  returns the shape_to of two locationglobal .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  remove content from all file .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  delete   filtered
truth:  delete   marker

test:  calculates the knn for a source space .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   cover
truth:  calculate   weight

test:  list the packages that belong to a package .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  parse the extension from the given deferred module .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   looking
truth:  parse   operator

test:  given a torrent directory .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  copy   crop
truth:  copy   directory

test:  return a s[i string which is a encodestring .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get the element from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  ask a user prompt and return their answer .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  square-free square-free factorization of f in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns the nth non-negative integer n .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  generate   sympy
truth:  generate   slice

test:  get a registered checker for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return lvm device device names cli example: .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  configure the twisted reactor .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  take a pem string and return the resulting hash .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  encode   small_stmts
truth:  encode   line

test:  return the string contained in the current platform .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  run a single command and return the output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  run   disconnecting
truth:  run   sudo

test:  asserts that the count count of mail and count is not equal to the same message .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  create a suffix to a resource .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  return a protocol url string that is suitable for display .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  write the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   reveal
truth:  pulls   sequence

test:  print an item returned by the given product .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  displays   urlencode
truth:  displays   item

test:  returns a string representing a human readable time in the current time .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  given   support
truth:  given   time

test:  check if we want to skip this module .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  modified   printed
truth:  modified   pattern

test:  select a different handler based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   lets
truth:  select   handler

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  pair a polynomial f in the monomial equation .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  convert string to set of codons codons .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  generate   sums
truth:  generate   expression

test:  computes multinomial loss and class probabilities .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  get root element of a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  tries to wait for an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   equalize
truth:  load   email

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending message to hipchat v2 server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  sending   randomise
truth:  sending   message

test:  return the virtual memory for the given virtual machine .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  create and run the given stream .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  build   parameter_list
truth:  build   formatter

test:  insert new iterable of bootstrap elements into the given pipeline .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  returns the tag for the viewport @todo: tag .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  shorten an iterator over tokens .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  separate   looking
truth:  separate   operator

test:  helper that returns a location that is a location to send authentication url .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirects   access
truth:  redirects   url

test:  install a package with setup for it doesnt already exist .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  imports a class by name and load a class from the given path notation .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return the pub .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  returns whether the given block is allowed to be handled by the current view .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  return the nth nothing for the given return .
truth: just return . 
test:  return   caused
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a specific ticket for this minion cli example: .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  creates a valid challenge field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  helper function for var and returns the string used as a string .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  allows   offset
truth:  allows   parameters

test:  summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  summarize   simplifying
truth:  summarize   range

test:  returns the notes of all the notes .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  find   show
truth:  find   notes

test:  return all global-level defined in a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  context manager which asserts that we dont temporarily disable the given thread .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the dte energy bridge sensor .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  inverse of givens .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  computes   ban
truth:  computes   probability

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  create a new input record for the given port and port .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  set a feature with expected scenarios and runner .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  running   assume
truth:  running   header

test:  generate a list of server groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  gets   decide
truth:  gets   groups

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   translated
truth:  returns   g

test:  fetch the icon for icon based on this machine .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  take   attempt
truth:  take   extension

test:  group that when the stream is in a group stream .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  stream   enhanced
truth:  stream   object

test:  remove all courses for process which have been created during the process because the given course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  removes   prettify
truth:  removes   process

test:  returns the url for a bokeh external url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  bounce   access
truth:  bounce   url

test:  gets the media prefix for the media with the given signature .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return a virtual environment with task in the lxc directory .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  create   fail
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  returns the docker client for a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  open   unload
truth:  open   client

test:  parse the full extension/version string into its respective parts .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  given   press
truth:  given   hostname

test:  helper to account address for invalid user .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  determine   equalize
truth:  determine   email

test:  loads certificate and private extensions to a certificate .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   detect
truth:  create   positions

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  returns the popup of the widget at the text .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  returns the path to the site-packages package that are dynamically given as a generator of sequences .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  return the value of a single host .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  returns the score values of the given submissions .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  filelink: calling detection .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   lambda
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   enhance
truth:  iterates   items

test:  decorator to skip test if condition is false .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  reverse   pickles
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove the repeated items in the so it knows from the list .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  ensure that diskcache .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  helper method to write contents to file contents .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  registers an image function to save the frames of a new daemon .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns a tensor if x and b are empty .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  pulls   targeting
truth:  pulls   backends

test:  generate all the common paths in the paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  clones a virtual machine from the given virtual machine .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiates   stderr
truth:  instantiates   machine

test:  determine if the segment between segments and segments of the loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  converts the given elementtree to a flow id string .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test that moto correctly fullfills a spot instance request .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of mute .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  list   allocate
truth:  list   user

test:  return the current idle time in seconds cli example: .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   mimics
truth:  get   activation

test:  get the maximum of available funcs funcs .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  return   crack
truth:  return   _

test:  construct the streamreader and streamreader results to a triple of arguments .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  were   suspend
truth:  were   closure

test:  return the static index page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  rule : rule identifier .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate nodes in a graph .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   concatenates
truth:  generate   ordering

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of current port available in the specified virtual host cli example: .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  copies one or multiple files to a new location .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   commit
truth:  clones   repository

test:  this function is called by the fs manager .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  manage   knapsack
truth:  manage   request

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the proxies of the substrings in the sequence e .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  return a json string of data .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  try   supports
truth:  try   text

test:  method to identify if there is a git version for a given url .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  check   prioritized
truth:  check   messages

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  put to simple necessary to put the proper facts into an address .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  this function checks if theres are needed .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the negative log-likelihood of a gaussian divergence .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  computes   express
truth:  computes   -

test:  sets the browser username for the course username and staff .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  returns true if the system can bind an ipv6 address .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  check   delayed
truth:  check   ipv6

test:  solves a description-setter encoded with the characters attached .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test the compatibility of iba .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the content for a given user .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the given function node node in a given node .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  checks   looping
truth:  checks   node

test:  git backend should be able to install from sha names .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  git   fold
truth:  git   backend

test:  returns a new endpoint for the given tenant and user .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the maximal edge set .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   pack
truth:  return   edge

test:  return whether the argument matches the list of links in text .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  return the mosaic move image of the underlying image .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  make   indicating
truth:  make   images

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  unquote -> string return the argument with the given string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects a given test subsets .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a new multiple times .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  return a token that deprecate the notation on a given token .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  pulls   alteration
truth:  pulls   lambda

test:  test the classification report with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  returns the first open file in the given list of files .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  retain media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  return true if the page is a valid page at a given url .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  modify an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  when an user is created .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  adds   generate
truth:  adds   users

test:  loop out equivalency and verify they slope seqs to check .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  tests   centers
truth:  tests   labels

test:  return a boolean value of the given header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  saves a list to the given value .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  fetches the immediate cell with the required parameters .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  convert a row to a feature .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  test if the next tree not in the same order .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  pulls   retrieved
truth:  pulls   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex to a numpy cdouble .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  adds a route table to a given document .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  replaces   bounds
truth:  replaces   table

test:  see if an environment variable is valid for outputs if there is no factors of a value .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return a list of rabbitmq via rabbitmqctl list_user_permissions cli example: .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  return   enables
truth:  return   vhost

test:  validate process out an http error .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  to update the same path .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  checks   loads
truth:  checks   changes

test:  update the latest visits date and save them for a new word .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test question .
truth: test question . 
test:  test   target_expressing
truth:  test   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  configures the global ui sdk .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  executes   solve
truth:  executes   settings

test:  this function check if the dataset exists .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs range type successfully handles a range type .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   teardown
truth:  tests   type

test:  this loads the hexadecimal data from the mnist .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  pulls   injects
truth:  pulls   utility

test:  parse a string to an ascii key .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  parse   importing
truth:  parse   pem

test:  return the list of all tables in the database .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  make   present
truth:  make   role

test:  download the latest available artifacts for a given project .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   forced
truth:  download   artifacts

test:  decorator that adds a task into a task .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  behaves   checkout
truth:  behaves   way

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  concatenate elements .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  join   increase
truth:  join   nodes

test:  return the domain for a process instance .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  create a new instance containing the given fields and save it to the given fields .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  wsgi interface to the wsgi app .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  check if a vm is available on the blaze machine .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  vms   squared
truth:  vms   vms

test:  computes local edge connectivity for nodes u and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   expanding
truth:  returns   connectivity

test:  initialize a new bootstrap model .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a new countermonotonic of a given target tree .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  outputs a new signal value for a block of two instances .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  configures the user to display .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   remove
truth:  updates   history

test:  dummy function for doctesting session .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  remove the first word from the list of duplicates .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  filter   ssl
truth:  filter   errors

test:  the inverse should not crash on one of the markup .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  return all installed psget dump to the specified package cli example: .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  return true if all enabled enabled .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a n-dimensional shared variable .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  creates   transliterate
truth:  creates   variable

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add x output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  reboot a running system at_time the wait time in seconds before the system will be rebooted .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   grouping
truth:  reboot   system

test:  load a single course handler and add results to the context .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the full database or just a mysql server name cli example: .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  shows   shutdown
truth:  shows   tables

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  raft a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   del
truth:  raft   gcode

test:  returns the python path for the python build .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  returns a datetime object to the django queryset .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  function   widen
truth:  function   frontend

test:  returns true if the node is a valid node .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   min_dist
truth:  add   collar

test:  form of cyclic decomposition of cyclic elements .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  generalized correlation model:: theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  generalized   pushing
truth:  generalized   model

test:  output the json object describing a vm vm : string vm to be targeted info : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  lookup   populating
truth:  lookup   info

test:  helper function to get the windows windows query .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  splits   define
truth:  splits   path

test:  parses a set union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   skip
truth:  parses   difference

test:  returns a review request .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  return dict of python files read from hdf5 .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  just the closest matches the closest document in the underlying sum .
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  get   detect
truth:  get   positions

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  unescape   flashes
truth:  unescape   characters

test:  returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  check to see if the folder already exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  check   suggest
truth:  check   folder

test:  quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions: just wraps every argument which contains blanks in double quotes .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  converts a caller function into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   reported
truth:  converts   function

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run a patch in a site .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  test that all tokens have present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  pull account based on jobs .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  be   rebuilds
truth:  be   scheduler

test:  returns an certificate of a certificate .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  returns the release or reset to the specified xblock .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  ensures   terminate
truth:  ensures   password

test:  returns a list of polygon relative to basedir .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  sample   algorithm
truth:  sample   points

test:  delete the insteon ini keys .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  check for a new random hr of one enough norm of the resulting series for a given lamda .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  model   pulls
truth:  model   null

test:  test for get word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  run a full system upgrade refresh whether or not to refresh the package database before installing .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  close the current devices of all passed devices .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  clears   mark
truth:  clears   contexts

test:  test to ensure other redirect to other 302 status code .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns those those pairs with the given sequence .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  changes the git hash of this package .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  returns the ndarray with nudge for the given feature .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  produces   pulls
truth:  produces   null

test:  return a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a list of field names based on given user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  starting   lambda
truth:  starting   django

test:  return the multivariate normal form of a multivariate polynomial .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  generates   contructs
truth:  generates   sample

test:  check for students in a course .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  returns   saml_artifact
truth:  returns   students

test:  converts obj to its proper sql version .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  takes a string like abc .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   were
truth:  get   property

test:  validates that value is true or false .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  returns a row of row used for the given row .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  pulls   domain
truth:  pulls   fetch

test:  retrieve a datastore blob from the blob_key .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  template   solve
truth:  template   settings

test:  calculates the inverse of the square matrix .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   switch
truth:  calculate   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  evaluate   sums
truth:  evaluate   expression

test:  pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   pulls
truth:  pack   null

test:  set discussions and configure cohorts for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  get all snapshots belonging to a group snapshot .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  add a commit to cluster .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   loads
truth:  commit   changes

test:  extract messages from a collection of messages .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  load a csv file and return a dataset class .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns the bcaddress version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a drawing document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   carve
truth:  retrieves   word

test:  test that a table with errors .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  errors   ssl
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test the answer .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  makes mocks and all objects in obj format .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  pickle   pulls
truth:  pickle   null

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  transform   algorithm
truth:  transform   points

test:  make a sequential voxel .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  make   combine
truth:  make   transformation

test:  give a collection of hold on the channel .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a 5-item atom containing one or more tokens separated by a list of tokens that are followed by the argument passed .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  atom   disable
truth:  atom   |

test:  ensure that the parent directory containing this path exists .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  return a copy of the css gradient with the color color gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  create   multiprocessing
truth:  create   css

test:  get transformed path from attribute dictionary by key .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  returns form data for current form .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enabled enabled loop that the process has changed .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   forget
truth:  return   inverse

test:  gets the session of this user from the main view .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  bitsource how many points fall within the same file .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  produce   algorithm
truth:  produce   points

test:  test that the partial reader works in the contractions of nothing .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  forces   bench
truth:  forces   value

test:  takes a list of indices .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  converts   divides
truth:  converts   matrices

test:  hex encodes characters .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  using   communicate
truth:  using   md5

test:  decorator to catch a exceptions that was started on http connections .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can publish the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  gets a dictionary of the locales that successresponse locales and the locale as a dictionary of those locales .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   talking
truth:  get   dict

test:  ireport type: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  detach a volume from an elb .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  applies   described
truth:  applies   convolution

test:  returns the storage for the current machine .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  get   interpolated
truth:  get   plugins

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  move all or specified cover tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  compute a triple in amp x font .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write amf message .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  make a collection map for all virtual machines on the given collection .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  source: android mobile .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  variation of the commit that make the parent .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  pulls   unescaped
truth:  pulls   entries

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the given context .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  check if the specified gpg is in the gpg file system .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  return true if f is constant from k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  subtract   uncheck
truth:  subtract   element

test:  return a random widget available for the specified lib .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  select   enhance
truth:  select   items

test:  load a simple example .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  return the spectral ordering of a connected undirected graph .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  updates a parsed vote for a given user .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  store   wheter
truth:  store   existence

test:  decorator for checking admin administrator access before executing an http endpoint .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs the application on an instance of a flask application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   generating
truth:  runs   shell

test:  true if the netmask is a netmask .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  load configuration in admin folder .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  read   suggest
truth:  read   folder

test:  returns the path of a template .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculate the log likelihood from a list of numbers .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   restoring
truth:  list   data

test:  check version of bokeh library library .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  return an expression of the binomial individual and t via the randomized power of the given individual .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  mutate   masking
truth:  mutate   strategy

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  does some str have a string .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  detects   shared
truth:  detects   string

test:  logs a module attribute ip provides .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  logs   tear
truth:  logs   module

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test the columns of a column .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  check whether the fragment is present in the http/2 .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  returns   ban
truth:  returns   probability

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  this view shows the list of users .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  list   retrive
truth:  list   checks

test:  extract the label tag from a given tp .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   catch
truth:  extract   course

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns whether the number is a is_missing number on the corpus .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  determine   sparks
truth:  determine   number

test:  process a single mergetreejinja of a mergetreejinja .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  merge   crop
truth:  merge   directory

test:  example of str .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  creates the url for handlers that use library_keys as url parameters .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  ~user is a distance between x and k .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   compile
truth:  decide   documentation

test:  compute an example of a template .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  a case activity activity for the given owner .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  determine   rising
truth:  determine   group

test:  computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] using subresultants .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  resultant   suppose
truth:  resultant   algorithm

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression - expression | expression ** expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  given a playlist .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   flattens
truth:  format   output

test:  get a test case where there are no valid .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  enqueue a function to be executed using a ctrl-q of a closure .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  yield unique elements from list preserving order .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  generates a password hash of the given password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  wrapper around dump .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  raise an error message to match the given option and raise an error message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  performs the vigenere cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  performs   sends
truth:  performs   encryption

test:  add instance_system_metadata indexes to the cluster table .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   stores
truth:  add   name

test:  set status .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  convert the network object into the network interface .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  deserialize this stream to local .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  imports   restoring
truth:  imports   data

test:  decorator that adds a cookie to the resampler of the key .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  autogenerated   pulls
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  compute the recompose xfm .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  insert   divides
truth:  insert   matrices

test:  processes all .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  loads   authenticated
truth:  loads   everything

test:  this is needed to load a single handler for each combination of a provider with a specific registry .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  return the active model manager from a monitor .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  element-wise reshape .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  reshapes   providing
truth:  reshapes   tensor

test:  find executable in current dir .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   disconnects
truth:  find   dir

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : list sep enum_seq | list .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of push zone as a list of server pionter .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  takes   safe_octal
truth:  takes   class

test:  return a list of filesystem or cli_config images on the filesystem .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  adds a set of spelling in a set of segment taken from the config files to a file in a given commit .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  adds   sleep
truth:  adds   files

test:  regression test for an super that can be used as deprecated .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  add charset to a given header .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   backup
truth:  add   properties

test:  called when the server ends with raw_password .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  class decorator for concrete declarative .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  return a permission setting based on the request and the routes api .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   crack
truth:  parse   _

test:  shows an entire user of the specified context .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get tox environment variable arguments for display .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  get the text of an image .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  creates   expect
truth:  creates   body

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  return a network field of the network api .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  returns   chisquare
truth:  returns   tuples

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  returns the current date in the given flags .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test mapnode json files .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return the default backend to be used for open catalogue .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  get   fold
truth:  get   backend

test:  apply the derivative of the hyperbolic derivative of the hyperbolic count function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  redirect to amazon tempdeny .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  enter   pulls
truth:  enter   null

test:  update the live symlinks file override override the information in the config file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   scours
truth:  update   family

test:  returns if the python interpreter was run with a python 3 .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  test to make sure that the html table has the same lines .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  simple dedent formatter that also strips text .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   supports
truth:  dedent   text

test:  dump the network box .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   killed
truth:  dump   network

test:  returns python 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  return a set of unique elements of l .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  check   exposes
truth:  check   values

test:  return true if the line is word .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   del
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  analyze   roundrobin
truth:  analyze   application

test:  return art information for an album that should be inserted in the reserves archive .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   recommended
truth:  fetch   art

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  sparseblockouter(hostfromgpu) the squared function of two arrays .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  task used to send inbound message through router phases .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  retrieve   compress
truth:  retrieve   db

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard deviation this function finds the sample standard deviation of given values .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  sort the values of the longest list .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  returns   blur
truth:  returns   ordereddict

test:  gets the rdm disk devices .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  gets   listen
truth:  gets   key

test:  returns a string from the configuration files .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  factor univariate polynomials over finite fields .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  reboot a host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  perform   decrease
truth:  perform   action

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   bounds
truth:  fill   table

test:  determine whether the user specified by the lti launch has an existing account .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  given a function in a timeit way .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  evaluate three functions between files and 100 .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  change   unescaped
truth:  change   entries

test:  ensure the cake for a given name is installed .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  display a list of visible added to the user .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the kernel value from the cached ipython .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  apply batch normalization on inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if there is available for this document and has any new edit that is not a string .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the effective router for the named router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  create a new instance with the given settings from dbus .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   crack
truth:  returns   _

test:  colorizes a c response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  returns a rabbitmq versions of pyenv .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return an b{accept} digest for a given length .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  takes a date and adds it to a month .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  horizontal laplace of an array of all zeros .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  a helper method to get the expected value of a list of tokens .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  send a queue to the remote backend in the session .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  load a template tag for loading and request .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  send event handler to fire time handler .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  take a signed integer of the python 2 .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  return   dereference
truth:  return   width

test:  run a bash shell string with a given replacing .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  escape   learn
truth:  escape   quotes

test:  given a datetime or a aware datetime return a timezone aware datetime eg .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return the gravatar url for a gravatar given an email hash .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  gets   coefficients
truth:  gets   gravatar

test:  mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  event handlers - create an http window that can be used to iterate over a past past and splits it .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert hex hex string to hex form .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  formats   gauss
truth:  formats   strings

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  import a custom scripts element .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   refresh
truth:  import   scripts

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return true if header contains unexpected errors .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  checks   stubbed
truth:  checks   headers

test:  compare two query to use .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator for class methods .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  get the cascade thickness .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   fonts
truth:  get   layer

test:  find skipped tests returns a list of tuples that represent test methods that have been decorated to skip because of a particular bug .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  initialize streams for the given stream .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  convert a python name into the prefix .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  converts   flattening
truth:  converts   field

test:  return the url for use in client .
truth: return the full . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ensure bookmark bookmark is absent on the system name : boolean recursive recursive force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   referenced
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  turn a string or iterable of whitespace into a [x1 document .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the status code to display to redirect to autocorrelation .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  validates the length of an indexed string property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  validates   confirmed
truth:  validates   length

test:  render a formset to a bootstrap layout .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   grep
truth:  render   formset

test:  return an error message .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  detects logs .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  detect   deflate
truth:  detect   config

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for otu maps two otu_maps .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  compare   kicks
truth:  compare   otu

test:  test that a datasheet node is accepted to reference a few make a required implements for the current test case .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  add a volumeservice field to an sql form field .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  add   r^2
truth:  add   form

test:  decodes a document .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  handle   express
truth:  handle   -

test:  list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   frees
truth:  list   folders

test:  cold hypervisor by hyper .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   located
truth:  invoke   method

test:  create a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   unescapes
truth:  creates   rule

test:  the configuration .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  commits   loads
truth:  commits   changes

test:  create a brocade specific single network .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  extract metadata dictionary from a pcap request .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return the first argument where the first argument = a where clause are strings .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the navigator .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  parse a query given a period object .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  initialize   talk
truth:  initialize   packet

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  get   shed
truth:  get   exception

test:  converts rgb to hsv color function from hsv scale to hsv .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  build a byte string for the given type .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  return a list of all the filesystem names available on the given filesystem .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the linear transformation matrix x parameters x : ndarray .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  make sure that a ruby source is removed .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  set the host information for an esxi network or list of hosts .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  parse the pdb header for a pdb file .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  returns   optdict
truth:  returns   lines

test:  validate a delimited list of strings .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  yield file paths from all the clusters .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  evaluate   ip
truth:  evaluate   paths

test:  returns last http error code .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator for disabling .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  enable or disable an interface cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   embedded
truth:  enable   example

test:  get a logger for all of the given logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  evaluate the expression value .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  extract the data into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator that creates a header of the given reference to the date/time .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  creates   accentuated
truth:  creates   getter

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict with information about an existing job .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  store   bcaches
truth:  store   minions

test:  a valid skypename the next worker sending partition to skype .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sending   exit
truth:  sending   handling

test:  given a directory and a list of patterns in the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  enable or disable the caches of a task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  remove gcd of f from f in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  remove   corrupts
truth:  remove   terms

test:  returns the content of a byte string as a byte string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  load   embeds
truth:  load   pandas

test:  returns the reverse order primers name for the given revision .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  return   occur
truth:  return   barcodes

test:  return the cumulative density function for the normal distribution .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes the given entity from the table .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  performs   activate
truth:  performs   delete

test:  register keystoneclient middleware options .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   forbid
truth:  register   options

test:  the inverse of the gaussianvislayer .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  test   optimized
truth:  test   script

test:  return a generator which fires the functioning exception class .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  return the value for the key as key .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   offset
truth:  infer   parameters

test:  finds the path of a mercurial file that is acceptable as a finder qualification .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  find   walk
truth:  find   dirname

test:  compiler factory for the _compiler .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  helper function to check if the email address is actually a mailing email address .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  prevent   decoding
truth:  prevent   lists

test:  test the nested data for an item with the columns listed in the mixin attribute .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  process when the processs function is properly .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  calling   reencrypt
truth:  calling   start

test:  this returns a reply-to structure for the given problem .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  const_map_item : function plus function | literal | function | function | function | function .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  function   controlled
truth:  function   identifier

test:  returns a full test client .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  return weakly connected components of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  return a process with the given pid and the given pid .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  return a list of versions for all jpg versions .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  ensure that the modules to valid modules are valid and non-zero modules to this one of the jwt when a worker is not a valid modules .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   init
truth:  validate   modules

test:  coerce value to a timestamp in the local time zone aware .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  mark an email address on the given signal .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  filter   maintain
truth:  filter   mail

test:  enable port bound to a zone .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   receives
truth:  remove   port

test:  restores an incomplete file .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   responds
truth:  restores   database

test:  ordlist(s) are left and digraph to a single message .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  ensure   borrowed
truth:  ensure   instances

test:  save the registry in the given cache .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  save   eliminating
truth:  save   cache

test:  returns the additional sequences for use in a sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  fill   launch
truth:  fill   coordinates

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct | struct .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  render a warning environment so it can be used with a status code .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  convert from lms to rgb .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  creates   exhaust
truth:  creates   conversion

test:  plugin registration .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  uses   failing
truth:  uses   style

test:  return true if the given file is an archive file .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  allowing allowing protection .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  helper function to deal with the keep authorized url .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  transform   access
truth:  transform   url

test:  setup paths for the provided pack .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  exit code with stream and exit .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear profile for an annulus gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   plan
truth:  get   profile

test:  generate a link .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  generate   proposed
truth:  generate   chain

test:  list all triggers located in the task scheduler .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  configure the certificate certificates to determine whether a user is students for a particular course certificate contains a .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  request   pulls
truth:  request   null

test:  disable state function or sls property states cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   broadcasted
truth:  disable   runs

test:  depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   offset
truth:  depending   parameters

test:  check the virtual server table on the given service .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  return a list of products with the highest constraints .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  multiplies   smooth
truth:  multiplies   vector

test:  cast to unpickle string .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  print connection and categories that are parent .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  print   points
truth:  print   sub

test:  sets the grammar and y functions for a dict .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   hsv
truth:  test   grammar

test:  get the actual file of a file-like object .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  resolve   define
truth:  resolve   path

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  clear   binhexed
truth:  clear   tests

test:  get a unified diff of two arrays .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  start cgconfig condrestart .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  repack xpi of a temporary test case .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  remove the file or directory .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensure the named locale is present .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  generate   printing
truth:  generate   locale

test:  make verbose listname .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the virtual machine parameters from the standard domain or if page|is_sibling_of:feincms_page .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  run a usage command if it can be imported or not .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error "hello": { "hi": 5 .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  attempts   restoring
truth:  attempts   data

test:  returns setting from given settings with default value .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  get   lambda
truth:  get   django

test:  merge multiple keys into one dict of keys .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  merge   review
truth:  merge   keys

test:  encode a string to unicode .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  takes   ensures
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse an argument out of a repository .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  splits   ayoung
truth:  splits   base

test:  authentication for an auth .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  get the id with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a def key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  get   rect
truth:  get   work

test:  disassociate all defined fixed ips from a host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  perform a base dictionary on a collection of characters .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  checks   flattening
truth:  checks   field

test:  returns the file descriptor to write fd .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   parsefile
truth:  write   descriptor

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns a root key for a root entity with the given key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  extracts   intialize
truth:  extracts   root

test:  updates a tvdb exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  either add or update the course update method .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  delete   highlights
truth:  delete   update

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] using horner scheme .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  generate   indicate
truth:  generate   polynomial

test:  returns true if a host is available for the given host .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper method to remove the abbreviate string from the latex .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  site site parameters for the arguments to be any logged in the default server side .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a string of bytes to an integer .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  test the history history history .
truth: command history . 
test:  command   remove
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest end number between begin and end .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   mounted
truth:  returns   end

test:  parse a --help from the parent e .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  convert a new image side to disk side with the complex side .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  resize   indicating
truth:  resize   images

test:  return the timestamp in the provided timestamp .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  return   disables
truth:  return   datetime

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  check the validity of the document .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a directory where each test files are located .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  return   cleave
truth:  return   providers

test:  validate a google app name .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  return the leading coefficient of f in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  divide   imposes
truth:  divide   f

test:  runs an event from the event .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  endpoint   fitnesse
truth:  endpoint   events

test:  encode a packet .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encodes   executed
truth:  encodes   dictionary

test:  return a url to the query_seq context associated with the given context .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  renders the courseware for courseware .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  render   preload
truth:  render   content

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   sends
truth:  encrypts   encryption

test:  create a continuous random variable with an erlang distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks if file exists in file fh .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return a machinectl for use with the :py:class:bytes function .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  simulate   launching
truth:  simulate   pipeline

test:  decorate wrapping wrapping in the benchmark score .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the version of the bottleneck helper for method .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  skip   pulls
truth:  skip   null

test:  return the maximum axis of the given axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a helper method to default values for wsgi-function requests .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  iterator   cause
truth:  iterator   option

test:  run the function-group process with the provided arguments and return a file .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  generate the one-line file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of paths for load errors that do not create .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  freezing   calculate
truth:  freezing   windows

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  applies regular expression matching the query .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  applies   sums
truth:  applies   expression

test:  returns lambda function alias for all lambda .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns the inverse of constant terms for constant in .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  use   skipped
truth:  use   use

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  extract the filename from a given directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  extract   updating
truth:  extract   archive

test:  convenience function that wraps the arguments to prevent new kwargs .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  gets the unit name of a unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return true if test is a subset of songs and all of songs .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  return the correct numeric uft-8 .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  decides whether g has a maximal matching g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a new random blank character and bespoke .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  runs services as a script .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  handle   chew
truth:  handle   service

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  create   unparsing
truth:  create   git

test:  converts a string to decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of the standard normal distribution .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  use   broadcasted
truth:  use   runs

test:  return joint histogram of length distance from golden .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  order   pulls
truth:  order   null

test:  initialize the python interpreter .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  setup   flip
truth:  setup   python

test:  convert a time string to a tuple of bytes .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  given a pointer array .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  store   urlencode
truth:  store   item

test:  train a roidb for use in a separate training .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  list available services for a package .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return two open files in severity severity to upstart .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   restoring
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns iterator over a bytestring in python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  grain for the minion uid .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns a list of paths that are unique in paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  return   reallocation
truth:  return   collection

test:  return a context manager for a temporary stack .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return best system info .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce paired tuples for the paired that can be norm between the =[1 and the sequence .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  format a format string for the given numba type .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  filter all of a named pattern with something like .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  validate the mailgun webhook of a message .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handler to handle the signal hook .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get the latest version of the page to display the page anchor args: the url : the page to get the desired url for .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  return   compile
truth:  return   documentation

test:  discard cache entries that are out of date .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  discard   unescaped
truth:  discard   entries

test:  parses a single issue of a configuration string .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  convert a permutedims to the combinatorics using the provided idx form of the form of the permutedims sign .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  permutes   sparsedataset
truth:  permutes   indices

test:  merge multiple cookies into one of cookies .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  add   unenroll
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write a new tag for a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  return a set of commands .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  update an update view that has changed .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  skip if config doesnt support a test .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  raise   freezing
truth:  raise   configuration

test:  encodes a string for use in a url .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   compresses
truth:  find   statement

test:  event changes to user .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  check   matches
truth:  check   misc

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  validate that the filters for an action or action definition .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  validate   obj
truth:  validate   filters

test:  return x minus the window of a tensor .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  for the preferred function f .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  convert   making
truth:  convert   float

test:  convert an integer to a dotted mode or sequence of data .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  information about the registered registered on the path .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  pulls   command
truth:  pulls   session

test:  throws error if x has a 3d separations .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  deletes the specified security group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  deletes   rising
truth:  deletes   group

test:  return the wigner transformation of the distance operators .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  defines some flags .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   translates
truth:  defines   flags

test:  decorate the time series to match the given axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  initialize   support
truth:  initialize   time

test:  safely remove the pidfile of the file .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  returns the first two beta .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  checks   operate
truth:  checks   h

test:  return a list of all python files found in the given opts .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  scan   intialize
truth:  scan   root

test:  simulates the nth tip to provide a tree of a tree .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  cache   step
truth:  cache   names

test:  retrieve preferred arguments by stripping the sessions of a particular type .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  write the application under the code .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  determine the maximum number of rest .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  return   proxying
truth:  return   assets

test:  iterator over the message that contains an html .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  test data with normal input data .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  return the min cost of a network .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  find   runs
truth:  find   cost

test:  convert an ip address string to an ip number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  append a string to the given text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  append   standardises
truth:  append   period

test:  find the leftmost value in a less than or equal to x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   bench
truth:  locate   value

test:  closes review requests .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  parse a string .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return an array .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   vectorized
truth:  check   webapp

test:  return a list of the filename names for the given path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  apply migrations for provider facts args: provider facts : provider facts to set returns: dict: the facts dict updated with provider facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts if
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   object
truth:  apply   facts

test:  initialize the rate for download .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  move a host to another .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   preloading
truth:  move   host

test:  test the behavior of --local --format=columns flags in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   switch
truth:  test   list

test:  if enabled .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get a list of the locales of all locales of the locales which are in the given config .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  advanced a new component .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  convert a pandas-intelligible .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return a dict of keys of the keys that contain keys of ascii .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  create a track from an nest url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get float from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  generator that creates an entity into a property .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  tests a regression evaluate a numerically .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  regression test for issue the 2-d 5 of theta .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  pulls   totodiles
truth:  pulls   machines

test:  helper function to define a mysql string from its xml output .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  returns dataframe .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  convert   insure
truth:  convert   dataframe

test:  return the url to the given package .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  return a random string of name for the given method .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  generate   customized
truth:  generate   salt

test:  checks that original versions version matches the specified versions .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  generate the primary key for updating the given hash for a given sequence .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  calculate   orthoganlize
truth:  calculate   hash

test:  returns the pivoted ips of a matrix with respect to z .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  compute   sqlmap
truth:  compute   limit

test:  find the ancestor of a person entity running the host .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the seuclidean distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  colorize text of assigning .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  pulls   detects
truth:  pulls   color

test:  returns the float of a given precision on the given precision and precision .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  sends a notification to inform user with a push .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  email   allocate
truth:  email   user

test:  provides standard error of cage .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  pulls   dumping
truth:  pulls   patch

test:  same as serversetting but for the value of a url#border-shorthand-properties value .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a regular expression object containing the gettext tag .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  pulls   tag
truth:  pulls   gettext

test:  return the virtual machines on the specified dict .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  get   mark
truth:  get   contexts

test:  register an import writer as the given option .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  adds   mixed
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  make a call to an i{option} .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to all the currently published backends .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  send   targeting
truth:  send   backends

test:  given a certificate and a description .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  restores the state of a file in a background fashion .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   currents
truth:  restores   state

test:  return the area for the call to the built-in arabic .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  return the pid of the given target .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a keyczar keyset to be used for signing and signature verification .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   splodge
truth:  returns   keyczar

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  block   pyopenssls
truth:  block   greenlet

test:  get loop between points from clockwise and points .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  uses list of nodes to align the given list of nodes .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  flatten   looping
truth:  flatten   node

test:  takes file like tries to sync .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  if a user has permission to be public .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  to put the specified host system cli example: .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  remove   grouping
truth:  remove   system

test:  decode and quote a crypto meta .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  parse input .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  returns the number of the elements a string .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  read all per sff files in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  return   wheather
truth:  return   library

test:  splits a string to an integer .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   barcodes
truth:  callback   http

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   forget
truth:  evaluates   inverse

test:  given a list of lists .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  given   decoding
truth:  given   lists

test:  return the current time .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   zone

test:  test to make sure the old feature is the output data .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  push   aff4_type
truth:  push   share

test:  return the admin_username from the database .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  return   skipped
truth:  return   use

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   renders
truth:  get   series

test:  calculates the z score of each sample in the sample .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  calculates   named
truth:  calculates   z

test:  returns a list of user cohorted the partition of the given course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   rotated
truth:  returns   partition

test:  construct the exact key entry from the tree .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  sort   inform
truth:  sort   entry

test:  solves an equation order linear differential equation with 1st coefficients using the method of 1st linear differential equation .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns a generic .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  weighted   collecting
truth:  weighted   b

test:  load a pil image from file .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  creates   fileformat
truth:  creates   self

test:  registers the cms in the page .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  invalidates   eliminating
truth:  invalidates   cache

test:  find possible musicbrainz candidates for an album musicbrainz musicbrainz candidates .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  search   decorate
truth:  search   matches

test:  change the actual isbow argument to the scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  checks   smooth
truth:  checks   vector

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  fetches a list of available networks cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  remove the logs out of file .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  set the raw number of days since the command line .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  mode: string - "agg" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   decides
truth:  verify   sha1

test:  load a check and check it loads the check specific check config files .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  find   files
truth:  find   check

test:  copy desired sample source to one file .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create the failure in the struct code for all of the desired code .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the file to use .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   widening
truth:  set   location

test:  return true if the user can view the user is set for the courses .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  determine   wrapped
truth:  determine   permission

test:  returns a list of media files of media document .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  embed   sleep
truth:  embed   files

test:  delete a document for a given doctype .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  authentication for all available backend backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnects   pulls
truth:  disconnects   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  ping ping and engine after the test .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  print   stop
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like objtag .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test that there are edf replacement for edf overlapping .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   doing
truth:  test   annotations

test:  gets the certificate for an executable .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  returns a byte string representation of a python file .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  a helper function to convert a few command line options to a new stream .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  convert an integer to a human readable form .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  translates   hover
truth:  translates   bytes

test:  clears the users clears the previously registered for an existing cache .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clean   b1
truth:  clean   translations

test:  returns the string date and time using the given date .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  count the number of estimator that have been split on the input .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  create   debugging
truth:  create   dataset

test:  parses keyword argument string and returns a dictionary of keywords .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  deregister the check with the given id using its status .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  removes   files
truth:  removes   check

test:  return true if the given string is unknown .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  removes the specified command to write to a file .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  a book must have a valid config .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  returns the default retryparams instance for further processing .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  updates a postgres user .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  constructs and returns a timezone-aware instance .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  translate   restoring
truth:  translate   data

test:  return the true iff the host is the first ip address for this address .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  require a data node .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  ensures   assign
truth:  ensures   requests

test:  return the current configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  helper function to set the given connection .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   trivial
truth:  raises   connection

test:  return the current date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  create an instance of the gax publisher api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  load an empty tmserver .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  load   responds
truth:  load   database

test:  create linear bem solution for forward computation .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  create   decrypt
truth:  create   solution

test:  converts an image to a numpy array of matrices .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  helper method to look for human readable archive .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  extract   mutate
truth:  extract   column

test:  add a rule to the @sopel .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  join   overrides
truth:  join   channel

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  push the specified block to the new block stack .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  open   converted
truth:  open   block

test:  synthesis of a sps using the harmonic plus stochastic model return the harmonic plus .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  pulls   reconstitute
truth:  pulls   sound

test:  return a word multiple bytes from a multiplier word .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  return a list of available users cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return numpy .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  installs a new plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  uninstalls   identifies
truth:  uninstalls   plugin

test:  returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  perform a warning on a deprecated string .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  returns the selected nodes in the cell list .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  create a contrib for the specified classifiers .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  call the twisted endpoint on a description .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return the result of a neighbour neighbour epsilon .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  return   stacks
truth:  return   states

test:  return a list of all iam groups .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  compute heights blocks of blocks .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  computes   restrict
truth:  computes   array

test:  set the default proxy object .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  send the user to locked response .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  called by anything .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  take   flattens
truth:  take   output

test:  stringify utc date in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  time   shared
truth:  time   string

test:  create a group policy .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return the relative component of the topn document .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  remove the given files if interpolation is not available .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  delete   disconnects
truth:  delete   dir

test:  prints the native tree of the tree on the node .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  print   djangos
truth:  print   indentation

test:  binds the cache .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  tab test .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  is   turn
truth:  is   case

test:  only work on utilityonlyworkson .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  load   encode
truth:  load   mac

test:  test running the posix bit .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  utility function to run all the options that specify the command line .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  executes   initializes
truth:  executes   program

test:  install this package descriptor to be run in common .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   lets
truth:  install   handler

test:  parse a channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  return the petersen platonic petersen .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  remove the also socket if it exists .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  cleanup   unquoting
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw the graph g with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  check if a string is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  the version of newest to display .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  convert a task eta to a percent string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the unicode character in text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   evacuate
truth:  get   precision

test:  ensures that fix can be refused when confirmation enabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  test x10 address address .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  create a chinese from the system path .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  injects the wsgi app as a tzinfo app .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find an executable in ansi color with windows .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  derive   define
truth:  derive   path

test:  register a custom plugin on be defined as a dictionary .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a line number to ast pattern for every line number of line in the message .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  gets a cooked path -- a list of .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  midpoint over period .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  return a sparse matrix with the given shape and seed of arguments to seed .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  parses a variety of handlers and returns a 9-tuple class .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   temperature
truth:  parses   date

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  converts data into a python version .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   extract
truth:  encode   version

test:  perform a sanity checks on wiskott .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  determines if the setting is the the codeeditor .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  verify   flow
truth:  verify   fields

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  checks if changed .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  test   forms
truth:  test   result

test:  create a invert graph in the graph .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  inverts   publish
truth:  inverts   graph

test:  remove a session from the database .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  removes   exposes
truth:  removes   values

test:  simple _path_info() function used to detect if the bytes on the filesystem .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  return   unpatch
truth:  return   matching

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  parse the command line and return a tuple .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  return the gender for a given word .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  test that a file with a url .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  set the compiler log output to make sure they are in a locale .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  set   vars

test:  set or delete image metadata for a given image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   post_save
truth:  set   metadata

test:  convert a numpy integer to the default indicator value .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  create a digest digest for a given credential .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  returns a list of role names for linode .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  check response headers is valid .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   stubbed
truth:  check   headers

test:  returns a wsgi configuration object for a specific config .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   deflate
truth:  returns   config

test:  returns the class of a foreign namespace or none if needed .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  return the router for providing providing providing providing router .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   prepares
truth:  loads   router

test:  handle a report on the given master client .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  helper function to check if the given path should be ignored or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete the form of the list of all the ntuples that are more than the list of the mapping information for the list .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  give the black variance of rnn out of an individual .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the version of salt .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  report   poll
truth:  report   versions

test:  builds a ensures that match the regex match the regex .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function takes a number of strings that are a single socket string and determines the number of bytes per string when sdk .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  pad   summarize
truth:  pad   zeros

test:  create a new extension for the specified name and m2 .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  format the given blocks of one or more blocks .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  pulls   multivariate
truth:  pulls   blocks

test:  load config file and return a dictionary .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get/set dots with the provided value .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  pulls   pass
truth:  pulls   document

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a l{scipy .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  returns   purging
truth:  returns   iff

test:  given a loop and timeout it returns a tuple of the state .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  loop   currents
truth:  loop   state

test:  helper to calculate the fiducials subject .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return scalar in categorical scalar when applied to a reference of data .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  create   embeds
truth:  create   pandas

test:  render the value of a template that contains no interesting its defined by the given context .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test that a file with a local source file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  convert a duration to a human readable hash .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  parse a username string and produce a tuple .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  dynamically creates a placeholder? type from either a list or a list of types .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  gets   abandoned
truth:  gets   declaration

test:  return public and account for the specified recipients .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  print an error message to a file .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  throw   shed
truth:  throw   exception

test:  a context manager that adds the variables to those that have a set of variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   accept
truth:  context   env

test:  return base64 encoded word from the private key and use .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  generate   forwards
truth:  generate   image

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   forgets
truth:  injects   filesystem

test:  return the highest lower unsupported if there is no unsupported version .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  builds the path to a binary string .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   wanted
truth:  builds   filename

test:  run tests .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  discover   binhexed
truth:  discover   tests

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  create a new instancefault .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  the table handler for a str->none attack entry mac address - there are no longer than the ns box and mac address - whether to mac address was specified .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the configuration from a specified user .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  just returns the tree .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  inverts   configured
truth:  inverts   tree

test:  decode a unicode uuid .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  decode   bartels
truth:  decode   contents

test:  set the current system via rabbitmqctl set_permissions cli example: .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  compute the trimmed sample standard deviation this function finds the sample standard deviation of given values .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  receives a comment form for a new translation .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  stores   iterates
truth:  stores   comment

test:  load a schema file for a given project .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns the number of words that are not a valid user .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  convert a string or unicode string of hex to hex format .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  transform expr into compute object .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  checks barcodes and barcodes are implemented at least one that the same location .
truth: gets header . 
test:  gets   assume
truth:  gets   header

test:  given a course_key .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns the multivariate by" variable containing the standard header value .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   revoked
truth:  extract   details

test:  infer a imported method call to the given method name .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   stores
truth:  infer   name

test:  determine the absolute path to the vcenter migration .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  convert the key for the error_dict key parameters into the primitive dictionary .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only work on solaris based systems .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  works   migrate
truth:  works   systemd

test:  get the unquoted .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generate   disabling
truth:  generate   filenames

test:  unquotes a header value or raise .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  expects a series of document2 .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  cancel   pulls
truth:  cancel   null

test:  given a class instance .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  return   archive
truth:  return   member

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  get all attachment specs for the specified attachment record .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  parse a time string according to the rules in the rules of a datetime object .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  tries   support
truth:  tries   time

test:  get gnu which the stamp stamp .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  given a request and a response object .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  extracts   backup
truth:  extracts   properties

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   error
truth:  pair   bracket

test:  return a human-readable string based on the filter_ and the previous tuple of the options .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  convert the given string to its textual ip address .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  convert   based
truth:  convert   address

test:  convert string to a quoted color .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  surround   preload
truth:  surround   content

test:  parses an entry from a dictionary of strings and return the parsed header dict .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parse   inform
truth:  parse   entry

test:  launch the figure and save it into the figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/pbed_to_lped_converter .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  get all available regions for the amazon awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  delete an exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  discretize gaussian modes with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  pulls   imagine
truth:  pulls   modes

test:  returns a list of serial codes .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  returns   igor
truth:  returns   device

test:  list all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  find root of [a in [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   intialize
truth:  find   root

test:  decorator to make a user metric metric to use with sympifiable admin .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  combine the latest version preferred as being executed .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  invoke   generating
truth:  invoke   shell

test:  lists wiki documents needs a review .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  lists   retuned
truth:  lists   revisions

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  convert string to an ascii lowercase .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test serie a native chart using secondary .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   replay
truth:  test   chart

test:  load the data modechoice data and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  returns a monkey-patch constructed name .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  returns   proxying
truth:  returns   assets

test:  test if python package is run .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  test   input_bytes
truth:  test   installation

test:  return all tests for paths in the given path .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  renders the url of all available url for a particular actor instance <a href="{% follow_url other_user %}"> {% if request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  renders   access
truth:  renders   url

test:  command : data to data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  verifies that the cypher cypher matches the specified key .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  preprocess an expression using a function .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  prepare   craft
truth:  prepare   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  return the known output of the user for a known site .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  upgrade any pickleable image type for a signal .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  used   label
truth:  used   custom

test:  compute the elementwise clip based on arbitrary images .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the comments comments of a feature considering when the table of some of the steps are longer than the remaining things .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  returns the validator class for the given type .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  get   pipe
truth:  get   validator

test:  converts a datetime object to the total number of seconds since the datetime object .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  make sure the same properties are set .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   currents
truth:  rewrite   state

test:  declare the image by setting it to the box without changing the namedtuple .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   forwards
truth:  update   image

test:  returns the specified package name .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a transform to an xri .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  test a range of an empty array with a single line labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find qa with the given comment and calculate a list of parent scores .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return list of os .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  retrieve   unquoting
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  in the case of an oauth user .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  builds   guvectorize
truth:  builds   oauth

test:  return a generator that parses a token ratio .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  creates a security group .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  returns the given html with new encoder .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  tokenize   supports
truth:  tokenize   text

test:  read a python file and return a list of lines with lines read and newline lines .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   hits
truth:  read   filter

test:  given a thing .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  function   flip
truth:  function   python

test:  return true if ack can be a valid string .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  ensure   restoring
truth:  ensure   data

test:  convert an sin(x)*-2 to a value of the form required by the part of the form required .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  check   twitter
truth:  check   auto

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   preprocess
truth:  returns   networks

test:  returns a dictionary of field names that can be used to find the other fields for new metadata .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  generate a new scale on the given string .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  construct   containing
truth:  construct   ip

test:  return the computer name for the provided computer .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   union
truth:  get   domain

test:  one of the dimensions of a vector a theano tensor with a vector .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  compute   assuming
truth:  compute   norm

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  pauses   satisfy
truth:  pauses   container

test:  convert a list of tuples into a sorted list .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  make   cleaning
truth:  make   matrix

test:  completeness the predicate and v-measure the similarity of the two labels .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  run doctest on pyproj .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  run   prettyprint
truth:  run   examples

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get the file name for a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  return a reference to start with qurl .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  generalized   pulls
truth:  generalized   null

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  closes a training of training .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  demo   indicating
truth:  demo   images

test:  custom exception handler for against an exception handler .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  return a dict of features that have been features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  list   handle
truth:  list   features

test:  tests that x_squared_norms can be created with a score .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  constructs   initialise
truth:  constructs   layers

test:  return the path to the s3cache dir for a given instance .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  generate   disconnects
truth:  generate   dir

test:  return the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  product of the elements in x .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   invalidates
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  return the unicode text representation of a string .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  pulls   rabins
truth:  pulls   bitmap

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the splitdrive .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  this is a file system because "package" are discarded .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  return the galaxy_test_file_dir code from the json .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  create the structure containing the folders of the specified folders .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  creates   resample
truth:  creates   directories

test:  like boost .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  compute partial expect between vectors much and vectors much more sequences: .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  cross   landing
truth:  cross   sum

test:  add a new trunk which is [start_port to the output .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  add   revoked
truth:  add   details

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   pinned_array
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  return the classifier representation of the classifier the classifier is a string .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a string is valid .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  1-d distances along given curve and x .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  encode the wanted metadata for use by google cloud provider .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  get all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sets the current logged in both auth and known installation based on api cli examples: .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  downloads a file and returns true/false .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  test if the object is a block gradient .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  patches a storage object with a given backend_managers .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  add   located
truth:  add   method

test:  decorator to enable tests that require pillow and validator .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  when a users channel has completed successfully as successfully .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  pulls   extracts
truth:  pulls   socket

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  asserts that the command line is valid with interactive options .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  verify   instantiate
truth:  verify   arguments

test:  append a file or block device to the destination portion of a filesystem already exists .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matches   allocate
truth:  matches   user

test:  returns a decorator that can be used as a decorator to cache the current time .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  be   pulls
truth:  be   null

test:  service identifier identifier to service identifier .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  recursively write all files in a directory .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  writes the ordered array to the given xml tag .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  send   switch
truth:  send   list

test:  gets the user with the specified username and its name .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  simple view to upload images from request .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   knapsack
truth:  upload   request

test:  convert a unicode string to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  returns hardcoded barcode sequence from seq .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  split   reveal
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deleting a user if he is deleted .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  return path without the file: of final absolute path .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  checks whether user can push translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  filter the access authentication with the provided ref .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  test serie as various iterable .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  reads an image file and returns the kit file import .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   been
truth:  import   format

test:  return generates a new url of the given key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  generate   skipped
truth:  generate   use

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete tree with empty directories removed .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a resource object .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  convert a string to an iterable and return value for masked values .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  repack from a repo .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  return the module name without importing it .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  assemble   pulls
truth:  assemble   null

test:  convert the ontonotes type of the request to a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  simple test for #5336 .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  test   aliased
truth:  test   json

test:  this is a silly small function which checks for normally functionality .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is greater than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   bench
truth:  succeed   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string like object into a python data structure .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a tuple with the docs version that is greater than the known version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  like yaml .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  loads   freezing
truth:  loads   configuration

test:  return available packet datacenter images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  return the applies gaussian space .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  get   transliterate
truth:  get   variable

test:  test that the popular are initialized with the same grouping .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  pulls   appends
truth:  pulls   add

test:  return a list of the quotas that correspond to the given creation sequence .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  find   reserve
truth:  find   subgraph

test:  return the first element in seq that predicate accepts .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  find the match for a given document or clears the list of tokens .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  looks up a path in a sequence of words .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  checks if the provided string is a valid ipv6-address address or ipv6 address .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  return the localizable attributes for obj .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  find the name of a bool within the language .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  generate   associate
truth:  generate   expressions

test:  returns a callable that x .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  handle   turn
truth:  handle   case

test:  return simple string containing the simple filtering split on branchfile .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  splits   utf-8
truth:  splits   argument

test:  get the creation time of a volume .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  extract   support
truth:  extract   time

test:  check for correctness of the measurement function .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  list lint installed lint command line options .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  ensure   inquire
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  defining the given value with the given scale and builder .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   sign
truth:  compute   pair

test:  decode some base64 encoded value into base64 encoded base and deserializes the given value .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   connect
truth:  encodes   entities

test:  returns true if the tuple is valid .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  add a source to the sources .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  extracts   deployments
truth:  extracts   sources

test:  launch messages from the given expression on the given base dict .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  return true if path is a being .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  returns true if g is a isolate for g .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  determines   looping
truth:  determines   node

test:  process process offset with cxx .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a given object .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  returns   extension

test:  return a finder within a finder accessing .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read and return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   project
truth:  return   ascii

test:  call signature:: polar make a polar plot .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  make   memoizes
truth:  make   plot

test:  decodes the event handler to catch the indices that was changed via the given grain_pcre .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  create custom metric descriptor .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  helper for checking the channel keys and build a remote keys .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  return   polynomials
truth:  return   codes

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  run the most recent tests .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute cross-talk and down a simple cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  update a single font font with the specified name and rules .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  return the first root of the undecorate .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the pioneer pi sensor platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  get difference loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  test the locale from language needed by the locale description .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  make   changes
truth:  make   languages

test:  sorts all migrates that have been added to another node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  migrate   sleep
truth:  migrate   files

test:  returns a list of comments from the comments group .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  get   dataframe
truth:  get   comments

test:  return true if the current tab is known for all config changes .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  adapt   flattens
truth:  adapt   output

test:  restful crud parameter for a given parameter .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  search for matching commands vars .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  executes   flip
truth:  executes   python

test:  called with the django api access .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  obtain   scop
truth:  obtain   token

test:  test if there is cookies for seeding .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   unenroll
truth:  test   cookies

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   been
truth:  check   format

test:  generates a list of programs names and names for all programs in which the user is installed .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  return   deduce
truth:  return   programs

test:  escapes % characters so that it will reach the characters .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  yaml: whitesource publish plugin support .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns a packed random array into a packed string .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  packs   eliminates
truth:  packs   elements

test:  q the resource of a distribution .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  generate   fragment
truth:  generate   report

test:  get the inverse of a complex form .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  lookup   pulls
truth:  lookup   null

test:  load a module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  does a scramble scramble whether or not all of the given selection parameters dict : list of all iterable too str .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  determines   search
truth:  determines   d

test:  create a new identity for the tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   generating
truth:  communicate   shell

test:  validate that the given text is a valid json textbooks .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   supports
truth:  validate   text

test:  decorate all the nodes in the tree to the given node and return the tree node which are available as node .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  function   push
truth:  function   depth

test:  construct the signal for epochs .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  reconstruct   dumps
truth:  reconstruct   signal

test:  generate a given large for body .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  returns the number of changed files that are changed for the given number of config .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  get all extra specs for a flavor type .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  print behave snippets and run its output with provided stream .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return a json representation of node based on matching node or the level or a node or the sendersback node or the supplied node .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   skipped
truth:  serialize   use

test:  determine if the first kind of the validation(s) of the elems .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns the maximum if x is a csr or csc matrix .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power_exp hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  returns the vdot product of a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  makes sure that an subreddit is valid .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  generate an md5 hash with the given encoded and return the base64 encoded string .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  receive   review
truth:  receive   keys

test:  helper to exercise the similarity of a network interface into a segment_info .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  connect   igor
truth:  connect   device

test:  return the location of the file .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get saml provider document .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   embedded
truth:  get   example

test:  return a sparse matrix with the given shape and shape .
truth: like rand . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct the code description from an http code and return it .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return true if m is a fifo .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  check   created
truth:  check   mode

test:  dump info into the info file .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  create a file or directory for source to destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  tokenize a generator that yields text in a given stream .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  a decorator that makes sure all of the given property calls an *assertions .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  pre-process a widget by name or none .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  populates   flow
truth:  populates   fields

test:  for all translations that are struct-like struct-like files for a translations .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a valid trace as a trace or details of a trace .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  when a process handler is being created .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  pulls   explode
truth:  pulls   processes

test:  adapt the specified field to destination .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  map   localize
truth:  map   reference

test:  returns a slugify to slugify for the given string .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  extract a single external port from a vcenter .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  inspect   satisfy
truth:  inspect   container

test:  build the contents of a given interface cli examples: .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  add   refresh
truth:  add   scripts

test:  reorder rep in a document .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  converts a dictionary of dictionaries to a existing dct tuple .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  take   forbid
truth:  take   options

test:  minimizes a block until it doesnt exist on an instance .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  blocks   center
truth:  blocks   ec2

test:  check if the value is an integer .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  check   linkify
truth:  check   integer

test:  print a summary of the last line of a given context .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  render {% errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset_errors **parameters**: form the form form to be rendered layout context value that is available in the template .
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  dump all profile attributes .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dumps   solve
truth:  dumps   settings

test:  add vector3 from attribute dictionary .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert a epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  extract the data into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   indicating
truth:  extract   images

test:  decorator for setting the decorated function and changes .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  reads a single json file and returns it .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  returns a mock client that expects the user to address a mock to be sent by the services .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns the accuracy of correct percentage as the document .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  return a file descriptor for reading and rows_cols .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  pulls   marathon
truth:  pulls   opening

test:  convert a string to a json file .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  converts a sequence of strings into a single string .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  stop watching approved revisions in a locale for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  stop   retuned
truth:  stop   revisions

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return true if the filename matches the given options pattern .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  extract all substitutable nodes from the tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  extract   revert
truth:  extract   i18n

test:  returns a list of cached trees for the given queryset .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  takes   offer
truth:  takes   queryset

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  returns a dict with the specified key .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the c{root} argument for the given function .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return true if the users user is allowed to startservice .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  delete   allocate
truth:  delete   user

test:  expression : expression name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  show the notification on the physical device .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return any optional timestamp information in the request .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a if a function to a static file regex .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  expand   sums
truth:  expand   expression

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get the segment segment of a segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  add a collection of library paths to the template directories .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   ip
truth:  generate   paths

test:  add the enrollment for the given user if theyve earned it .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run all assets for the given addon .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  delete   proxying
truth:  delete   assets

test:  test that a finder only after the compression has a finder index .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  setup   embed
truth:  setup   logging

test:  gets any number of categories for a given context .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  gets   act
truth:  gets   categories

test:  return a list of names .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  determine   allocate
truth:  determine   user

test:  read bitpacked and return as deprecated .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   exposes
truth:  read   values

test:  serialize the url into a javascript url .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  reset the docker settings that will run the docker settings for testing .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  populate   pending
truth:  populate   default

test:  approximate -> string convert an timestamp to ascii form .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  write amf encoding .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  approx linear filter parameters x : array columns of all pairs of the distance for calculating the distance matrix .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists from paths .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  compute the trimmed variance of the normal distribution parameters n : array_like the residual variance .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  resnet-200 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  copy an object from one s3 location to this bucket .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   enhanced
truth:  copy   object

test:  tests that we can convert a tree with a tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  tests   configured
truth:  tests   tree

test:  migrage a message with a m-search .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  change   rescales
truth:  change   event

test:  returns a wsgi test certificates that use the login process .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  build   encapsulate
truth:  build   instance

test:  get redis key value from a redis table cli example: .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  creates a user with moderator permissions .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  check for a given build .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  rebuild   exposes
truth:  rebuild   values

test:  return the relative hmac form for a given form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return a decorator that starts with an application .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  const_map_item : const_value : const_value .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns generator that yields loaded rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  yields   put
truth:  yields   rules

test:  generate a header length of length n .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  return a list of all folders in the users: order .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only load this state if the win_lgpo module is available .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  compute pivoted lu decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  test happy path of decoding to native strings of python 3 .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  generate a certificate for the current certificate domain .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generate   producing
truth:  generate   certificate

test:  makes the given iterator given an iterator of values by pieces .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  find a configuration backend for a test backend .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evening star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  pulls   pressing
truth:  pulls   cover

test:  create new numeric value from json .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  coerce   presents
truth:  coerce   mapping

test:  create content for a new sample categories .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to int type representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   combined
truth:  converts   ipv4

test:  add from surrounding loops from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  create a thread on the given name of the new thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  creates   vms
truth:  creates   thread

test:  test that we can label their folder when banner labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   colorized
truth:  deactivate   context

test:  loads a given module .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return the linode status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  ensures that when a stripe is deleted .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  pulls   l{twisted
truth:  pulls   subscription

test:  read everything data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  makes the service call to broadcast and start the tarball .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  pulls   paginates
truth:  pulls   queues

test:  test tokenization between the catalog work .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  load   tag
truth:  load   gettext

test:  return text if there is a change of text .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  return a datetime object for the given hour .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  create   childnodes
truth:  create   timestamp

test:  return the docstrings for all runners .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   call
truth:  return   docstrings

test:  temporarily set the thing of an object to a given value then finished .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  mount a partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   forgets
truth:  mount   filesystem

test:  returns a log exception .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  returns a list of phases by the given plugin name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  check whether we can be handled on this system .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  adds an subparsers for all the given subparsers .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  produce the url to be sent with the client .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  request   access
truth:  request   url

test:  get list of tags for an array of tags .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse command-line options into parts .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  expr   tz_localize
truth:  expr   seq

test:  creates a string containing the list of tokens for a given key .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  transforms   accounted
truth:  transforms   sign

test:  tries to print a random cell with the given name .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   computes
truth:  create   cell

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  get a security group from a security group .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  docstring for install_numpy .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  divide list of words in a collection of rows .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   falls
truth:  yield   max_rows

test:  updates a new draft back with the given criteria .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   expands
truth:  sync   draft

test:  put a scheme together again together again .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  put   access
truth:  put   url

test:  encrypt into new journal with correct name and password the db .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  encrypt   labeled
truth:  encrypt   file

test:  training controller - used for access to component tabs .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   extract
truth:  training   version

test:  return the yaw if it is relative to new heading .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  allows you to test the expected value with a emergency that is created via a true value .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  ensure   break
truth:  ensure   operations

test:  send a message to a user .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   unload
truth:  send   client

test:  helper to verify that the request is valid .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  checks   unescapes
truth:  checks   rule

test:  record for customise .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  customize   plan
truth:  customize   profile

test:  redirects to the location specified by http 303 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return a hashlib value for obj .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  extract the parameters from the stream in the format .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  extract   allocate
truth:  extract   user

test:  decorator for marking context dependent filters .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  returns the current course for the course specified by the course .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  works   overlay
truth:  works   func

test:  test %reset ip address in reset goes with reset dthe ansiblemodule .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  reset   makes
truth:  reset   namespaces

test:  return a constant copy of a wsgi application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  creates   roundrobin
truth:  creates   application

test:  train a transformation matrix for basic features .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  train   outset
truth:  train   classifier

test:  use this only to send the session to the passed message .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  returns the list of users that looks like a 012 e .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  find and return a vm by the id for a given vm .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a string with the name and decoded domain .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  unquoting   reported
truth:  unquoting   function

test:  when a circuittermination has been changed .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  after stripping lines in the input position .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  computes   restoring
truth:  computes   data

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the element with css_selector selector exists .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  add rack holes to get arinv(l)=ar^{-1}(l) .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns false if the first cell is under the beggining of the vector or false .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  abbreviate   carve
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return threshold value for a threshold .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  applies   rrmgr
truth:  applies   threshold

test:  return a canvas object containing the list of callbacks for the given callbacks .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  get   pick
truth:  get   callback

test:  create a new permission grant and add it to a provided role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  create   wrapped
truth:  create   permission

test:  flatten a nested dict converts a dictionary with nested values to a single level flat dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  return the given timedelta .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  format   skipped
truth:  format   use

test:  yaml: timestamps set environment on build parameter .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  pulls   exercise
truth:  pulls   timestamps

test:  returns a dict of special methods from a graph .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  load   publish
truth:  load   graph

test:  returns selected languages bidi layout .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  returns   changes
truth:  returns   languages

test:  run a test and return its results .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  read image data from [2] file .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  read   forwards
truth:  read   image

test:  return a new git response from the right beacon .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  returns   yamlify
truth:  returns   rrset

test:  makes on github api file and preprocess on desired fasta filepath .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  test if the typing of the given list of undefined is longer than s2 .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  returns a string representing the current time in an owslib spec .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  run a avatar server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  given a path to a list of paths .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  no python implementation of the api .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a string representation of crc .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  set the jinja environment for workers which is .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  create   masks
truth:  create   jinja2

test:  log an experiment message .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  server   decorating
truth:  server   log

test:  searches for a message id .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  a pickleable version of the facebook modeladmin .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  sending   pulls
truth:  sending   null

test:  gets the default domain name and the user is running .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   enhanced
truth:  gets   object

test:  helper function to print a list of all virtual host and baremetal nodes .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  rename a single document .
truth: rename document . 
test:  rename   pass
truth:  rename   document

test:  coerce value to a form of a time from a time .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  convert string into imap flags .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  convert   translates
truth:  convert   flags

test:  load the coverage from a lies matrix or queryset .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  run session between server and client protocol instances over tcp .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  returns a list of user fingerprint of the given user object .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  get the number of bits that can be used to end with the end and end .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  recursively encode a line of the distance between model .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return an iterator over all elements of seq in seq .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  update the parent status .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   pass
truth:  update   document

test:  a decorator that ensures that a value is not a valid instance of cls .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  validate   restoring
truth:  validate   data

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not found/visible .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute edge centrality for nodes in a bipartite graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  run a error on the rest server .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return all data from all directories on all twisted .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   caused
truth:  write   return

test:  checks if an object is a known known type for if its possible .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  update   joins
truth:  update   cluster

test:  convert bastion object to 2001:db8::/32 .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  converts a path name from its operating system-specific format to a path notation .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   flip
truth:  replace   python

test:  return a path to astropy .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  pulls   decimate
truth:  pulls   constructor

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  casts the given python object to a bool value .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  setup the panasonic viera tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   m
truth:  setup   tv

test:  register a colormap some colormap can be set for a sequence .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  add   gather
truth:  add   colormap

test:  describes the time series x .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  pass in the callables to see if all the callables are available .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  generate arma impulse process of arma process parameters ar : array_like probabilities or array_like autoregressive lag-polynomial with residual residual : array_like sequence of observations notes evaluated : array_like .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  validate a specific topic .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  tracker and convert off inline devices .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  called   rising
truth:  called   group

test:  test happy volume source spaces .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   singular
truth:  test   volumes

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create an array of ndarray .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  masked   confirmed
truth:  masked   length

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   waveform
truth:  print   products

test:  return true if the image can be shared to others in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  get a post request to be sent in the server .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the bit address in 6to4 address .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  make   source
truth:  make   overlay

test:  converts s to int if v is equivalent to int .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   suppresses
truth:  convert   seconds

test:  return the wrapped version of ansi color .
truth: string in color . 
test:  string   detects
truth:  string   color

test:  helper function to generate a timestamp in the database .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  attempt to get the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return the version of the release stored in the local order of revno rules .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  fixture that checks to see the httpbin error for all httpbin config .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  like   unlinks
truth:  like   fixture

test:  change the meeting api on the meetinglink .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  log   consisting
truth:  log   link

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a method on the given object .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine if the named distribution uses ubuntu distribution .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  reads an inner address on the host with the specified ip address .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  return the signals to run the os .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  convert a number of integer to an integer .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  compute the actual roots of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test searching for all wheels .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  parses a payload field and returns its reference as a tuple .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  unregister a previously registered serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   enter
truth:  unregister   serializer

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   insures
truth:  set   projections

test:  export the value to a string .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  default   labels
truth:  default   transform

test:  write the check pnm file object in pnm format .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  unsubscribe from a list of specific info .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  unsubscribe   switch
truth:  unsubscribe   list

test:  returns a power of the given tournament graph g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  returns   grant
truth:  returns   power

test:  download translations from bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  download   b1
truth:  download   translations

test:  return a dict of linode ips for a linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  display a box with the given tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  finds * .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return the year for a year .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  get   canonicalize
truth:  get   unicode

test:  return an sqlalchemy about all activities for a given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  checks the results of tasks and time until the execute log tasks are running .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  starts   shift
truth:  starts   tasks

test:  orders assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  orders   allocate
truth:  orders   user

test:  add the containers in the group .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  accept   bench
truth:  accept   value

test:  filter the oauth oauth client for use with the modbus object only composed of a client code to load secrets script .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  initializes   search
truth:  initializes   d

test:  function to decorate methods in order to query the withparent meth .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  generates a json serialization for the current request and conditions with the given post .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  builds   access
truth:  builds   url

test:  return the first id of the lines in line .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  print a list of agents .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  the t and long_description active manually for manually .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  serialize a transform to a string of numbers .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  reserializes   restoring
truth:  reserializes   data

test:  module importer -> none .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating paramsmom .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  prints pprint for pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get a default locale .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  were   pulls
truth:  were   null

test:  decorator for adding a function to a custom unvouched error messages .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  allow   usage_key_string
truth:  allow   view

test:  returns true if line is equal to or is blank .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  send a progress timestamp .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  test upgrade package of reqs from reqs using reqs .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  upgrade   labeled
truth:  upgrade   file

test:  create a network on a specified network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   retry
truth:  create   subnet

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  recursively run a user from correctness .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  set   separated
truth:  set   aes

test:  a context manager that adds the start/end input to the right output code .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  patch   batch
truth:  patch   code

test:  return a list of length n from a list of length n .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  draws   contructs
truth:  draws   sample

test:  return the amount of entity used for the given value .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  processing   freeze
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of a string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  computes the window of all windows by idx .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  validate the default email address .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   expect
truth:  return   body

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  check   assign
truth:  check   requests

test:  vector of all binary see statsmodels .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  sum   estimates
truth:  sum   squares

test:  decrypt a aes with the aes .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypt   restoring
truth:  decrypt   data

test:  get warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  get   stopped
truth:  get   statistics

test:  return a elastic identity instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  translation_unit : conditional_expression .
truth: empty : . 
test:  empty   pulls
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates a graph of threads that correspond to that graph .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  construct   publish
truth:  construct   graph

test:  assert that the count of all finite variables are finite .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  throw   expr
truth:  throw   valueerror

test:  unquote -> ~/abc if it contains only one or more characters .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  remove   shared
truth:  remove   string

test:  given a course_key .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  process the embedded errors and return a dict of prefixed errors .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  iterate a decorator and return a constraint of the decorated function .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  function   relies
truth:  function   logic

test:  convert a string of concatenated form into a message .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  send   fixes
truth:  send   manager

test:  lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  add the given fake groups .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  parse data from an http query .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  startup   lstrip
truth:  startup   set

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting or is within the end of the loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   kill
truth:  given   datasource

test:  get the schema in a database cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  test   parameterize
truth:  test   integers

test:  determine if a segment is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns the file encoding needed to make it right .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  try   unifies
truth:  try   encoding

test:  get a thought .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  determine   imageidfield
truth:  determine   debugging

test:  given a field class .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  returns   shut
truth:  returns   checker

test:  update the named ports .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  set   edit
truth:  set   ports

test:  check the logic .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  remove   downgrades
truth:  remove   point

test:  return the time of a remote package .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return a comment and the given request and comment_id .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  retrieve   iterates
truth:  retrieve   comment

test:  migrate the database to version or the most recent version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  mock secure for all http responses .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  decode string in the series/index browser on character references .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return an instance of the footnoteextension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  normalizes a new memebers to a sibling of status_id .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  retrieve a dict of urls that will be used as a permutation specification .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  print conference when user has signals .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  split a path in a platform-neutral .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  parameters _type : array .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test that print ops dont block gpu optimization .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   display
truth:  test   print

test:  helper method to set the workdir .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  redirects   feeds
truth:  redirects   stderr

test:  checks if dipy is not found .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test performance of assumptions examples .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  gets a list of maintenance models and raises a specific one .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   reencrypt
truth:  get   start

test:  dump a file .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   bartels
truth:  write   contents

test:  check if the given text has a construct construct .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  recursively convert tokens in token to strings .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether or not the email address is a valid email address .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  returns the version of the git git version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  browse path to browse .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  open   equate
truth:  open   browser

test:  determines whether the api is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  convert a text to the offset .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  function   offset
truth:  function   parameters

test:  consider an expression constant when calculating a variable with its state .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   responds
truth:  queries   database

test:  ensures bc and added barcode .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test fails with timeout or is set to timeout .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  determine country of http user .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  named   usage_key_string
truth:  named   view

test:  return a testsuite for the given above .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  visit   carry
truth:  visit   test

test:  return a list of absolute paths to all the submodules for the project .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  this calls the windows regqueryvalueex function in a unicode safe way .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   calculate
truth:  calls   windows

test:  return path to the file name .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  perform yaml_src nl of two numpy arrays .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  serialize an error header .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  serialize   encapsulate
truth:  serialize   instance

test:  tests that the search is initialized by an api .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  tests   dos
truth:  tests   search

test:  ensure that tabbing after ident .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  rendering   regroups
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset a network to a network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  reset   clones
truth:  reset   server

test:  make an identify string from a string of characters then mirror is an accountlistfeed .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  turn   shared
truth:  turn   string

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  ensure   reuse
truth:  ensure   endpoints

test:  return a list of all the themes files in the given themes .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  returns the contents of a given timezone in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  stores   stores
truth:  stores   name

test:  change the inplace .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  creates   carves
truth:  creates   constraint

test:  create a new user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  somebody disconnected from the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   share
truth:  connected   homepage

test:  parameters series_dict - used to check if channel is isomorphic and false .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  determines   joins
truth:  determines   cluster

test:  download zip file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  download   identifies
truth:  download   plugin

test:  display the repository from the repository .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  create   disappear
truth:  create   commit

test:  test that all _test except if default .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  return a list with respect to the collection in ascending order of dicts .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  horizontal sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  return all roles from all databases cli example: .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  wait for a process to be passed in a shell command .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  test limits of forward solution .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  qicon with an alloc need to be more than or more neutron .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  migrate   restoring
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get a group policy .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  calculates a maxima constant of the standard error of the maxima .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  returns the k of the graph .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   initalize
truth:  return   k

test:  serialize the given object for its ready to frontend it .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  serialize   enhanced
truth:  serialize   object

test:  returns true if and only if wcs is installed .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the versions of an ipython type .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  create a document that will go into a bokeh bokeh documents the last params will be sent when a bokeh bokeh .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  create   command
truth:  create   session

test:  lettuce can .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  default   turn
truth:  default   case

test:  return the sid from the specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  a context manager that asserts no keys or update the context for that the test .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  modify   unquoting
truth:  modify   environment

test:  use the rest api to write 20 tweets from the public streaming streaming characters .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  sample   supplied
truth:  sample   api

test:  convert the given setting to a string .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  subtract dense polynomials from f .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  set the security groups for a given security group .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  modifies   inits
truth:  modifies   security

test:  attaches some modifications/rewrites to the given module .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  prints   wake
truth:  prints   msg

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   extract
truth:  removes   version

test:  creates a new record from dictionary .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  replace   supplied
truth:  replace   api

test:  return true if all associated profile is in the instance .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return a sql options dictionary .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  splits a path into .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  constructs   define
truth:  constructs   path

test:  helper method for integer this is capitalized using the matched variables .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  drop a new cursor .
truth: drop database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  stores the contents of a binary file for all of the sff file .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a linear format .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compute   transliterate
truth:  compute   variable

test:  check for a existence of a graph with a passed name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  handle the mouse event .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  select   pick
truth:  select   callback

test:  deletes a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wait for a vm to return .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  assert all needles are equal .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  assert   corrupts
truth:  assert   terms

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a window with a simple hamming shape .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns the path to the user configuration from the path .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  resolves   define
truth:  resolves   path

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   binhexed
truth:  execute   tests

test:  find appropriate lineage for a certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  add intersections of the loops with the x segment .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  load ec2 ebs volumes connection and return a azure region .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  returns a list of courses sorted by their announcement courses .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sorts   disconnect
truth:  sorts   courses

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  pulls   corresponding
truth:  pulls   wheel

test:  yields 405 of backfill using parameters for primaryjoin of swift .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  updates   proposed
truth:  updates   chain

test:  decorator to locked the volume to ensure that a particular volume has the same format as the signal .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  lock   break
truth:  lock   operations

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  cancels   pulls
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts a label to a binary label string .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  converts   inhibit
truth:  converts   label

test:  reads the given xml file and returns a handle .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  test   exit
truth:  test   handling

test:  verify to see if pyenv is installed .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   deserializes
truth:  check   pyenv

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  converts a collection dict to a search dict .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  halt the execution of a different spawned thread .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  suspend   vms
truth:  suspend   thread

test:  standard error sort window that is type_qualifier .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  returns the powerlaw sequence in sequence .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returned
truth:  returns   numbers

test:  check that the list of check gates should check the same line numbers and large places .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   small_stmts
truth:  checks   line

test:  returns a list of all the date strings in the account list .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  parse   sign
truth:  parse   pair

test:  set the eng format .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  alter   pings
truth:  alter   behavior

test:  get the full command to use for the package with the specified init .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  paging request type / request section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  paging   alignment
truth:  paging   section

test:  perform the covariance m step for mstep .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  returns the url to display for a api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  update or add manifest xml from srcpath as srcpath .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  list all available startup disks .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  sends a topic that returns the topic .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   stops
truth:  create   topic

test:  generates a cache key for a index .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  xor   currents
truth:  xor   state

test:  return marker .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  transform a numpy array to zero or more cell components .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  given   destroy
truth:  given   dtype

test:  get media descriptors user_data .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   prompt
truth:  get   locator

test:  unpack the python method is expanded by each code string .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  returns   preserve
truth:  returns   int

test:  encode a list .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   export
truth:  encode   tuple

test:  parse a single view of a model on an object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  print   update
truth:  print   knowledge

test:  find the size of a given path .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert from float to rational buffers .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  converts   making
truth:  converts   float

test:  a seeother .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  pulls   asserting
truth:  pulls   redirect

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  tests that the four possible ways of creating a numpy rng give the same results with the same seed .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns an array of unique labels .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts key names into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   format
truth:  converts   parameter

test:  downloads data from the given url and return it .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  reverse a song search of true/false .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   limiting
truth:  reverse   order

test:  select the maximum value for a aspath path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  pulls   ip
truth:  pulls   paths

test:  unite -> set of length return the set of an iterable without going it .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  turns   restrict
truth:  turns   array

test:  return the specific template language for this application .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   pulls
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  add a tzinfo to local time zone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  parse the default directory path .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  provide   pings
truth:  provide   behavior

test:  generate md5 hash of the given str .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  md5sum   trying
truth:  md5sum   basestring

test:  print the current date and the output as a json .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  returns the appropriate error message as existing error .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  prefix   randomise
truth:  prefix   message

test:  set a label configuration file .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  start a celery process .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  pulls   polishing
truth:  pulls   celery

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   labeled
truth:  add   file

test:  enforce a nice structure on the configuration files .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  signal a website by a given private key .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  manage   wheter
truth:  manage   existence

test:  deactivate students certificates for a user .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  regenerate   allocate
truth:  regenerate   user

test:  return the path to a package resource resources .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  pulls   smooth
truth:  pulls   vector

test:  populate a row with the keys that can be used to avoid dicts .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  populate   highlight
truth:  populate   row

test:  write a table as a normal fixed width table .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   bounds
truth:  write   table

test:  parses a tensor into a tensor .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   blocking
truth:  merge   outputs

test:  extract the allowed from settings and add it to the settings .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this function finds the end date and returns errors in the installed_apps applied to the given date .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  robustly test whether obj is iterable and not a string .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  fetch all files in a folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  compute the style style loss for transparency .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | function .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove all patches from available event .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clears   fitnesse
truth:  clears   events

test:  test that gaussianvislayer .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  decorate the description of markdown .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  setup the provied offer .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   emit
truth:  setup   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  generate a csv string of the given fields .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  figure   review
truth:  figure   keys

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replaces   flashes
truth:  replaces   characters

test:  clears a previously set field info for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   tile
truth:  remove   information

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return a sympy expression of a rule repeatedly until it is true .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   put
truth:  compose   rules

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary by cj .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the output of a function given argument .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  pulls   math

test:  get the resolver dns records and the specified domains .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  given a version of v1 representing v1 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  diff   skip
truth:  diff   difference

test:  return a path to the native directory for the given path .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  input   encapsulate
truth:  input   instance

test:  start debugging from pdbimport .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns the entity sdk by an entity sdk .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  ignore   turn
truth:  ignore   case

test:  cleanup all everything that arent everything between translation .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  cleanup   forced
truth:  cleanup   artifacts

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  selected a remote command to remote server .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  transfer   pulls
truth:  transfer   null

test:  given a url that can be used with a replace value .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  try to convert the object to a string representing the id for the given object to the object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  takes   enhanced
truth:  takes   object

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the average of the next datapoint in the series is farther than three standard deviations out in cumulative terms after subtracting the mean from each
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  checks for #148 method .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   popup
truth:  test   effects

test:  create a new des cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test whether an object is an instance of int .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  given a currency string as set to a given string .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  adds   duplicates
truth:  adds   symbol

test:  determine if shuffler service is available for the app .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  deletes a key from etcd .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  deletes   listen
truth:  deletes   key

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident form .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  url   overlap
truth:  url   encode

test:  check if the gcrs list of frames are shown and see if the resultfilters succeeds .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  cms controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  constructs the leaf from the package name .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  return   compresses
truth:  return   statement

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately inside parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  look for a class with a metaclass in the namespace .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  monkeypatch   walks
truth:  monkeypatch   metaclass

test:  copy data and all stat info .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  pulls   unifies
truth:  pulls   encoding

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  flatten a single string of applications .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  convert   mutes
truth:  convert   app

test:  convert a docstring into lines of incudes rest .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  fill   reported
truth:  fill   function

test:  return the configured config directory of the hadoop .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   predicate
truth:  return   sql

test:  bin bin instance .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  return native url to a bokeh context .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  check if incomplete vs file has been downloaded return true if incomplete file is complete return its path else false if complete .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  the search query the given ids as docfield .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  search   dos
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file into a string using cpp .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  retrieve the state data from the salt master and display it custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   restoring
truth:  retrieve   data

test:  get the correct number of correct adapter forward and destination .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  list   undoes
truth:  list   routes

test:  return the weighted weighted array of weighted percentile of weighted data .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  compute   applies
truth:  compute   percentile

test:  initalize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   clones
truth:  initialize   server

test:  jump_statement : return expression_opt semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  read 64bit matrix integer from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   cleaning
truth:  read   matrix

test:  run before running tests .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  executed   batch
truth:  executed   code

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  computes the gauss-lobatto quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a trained model for decoding .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  load   pushing
truth:  load   model

test:  add an arg_scope with given args .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  bind   instantiate
truth:  bind   arguments

test:  checks if a file exists .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return a standard output of obj .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps a function if theres a loader that takes place and returns the corresponding video subclass .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  return path to a given job directory .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  starting   pulls
truth:  starting   null

test:  return the directory of the mkdir repo .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  return the path to the tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  transforms a ctypes clip into some kind of the tree .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  transforms   pair
truth:  transforms   photo

test:  return a filter to check if a snapshot snapshot is being created from a cg .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   hits
truth:  get   filter

test:  return the full path to a file cli example: .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prints out any necessary flow for the current user .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  iterate   emit
truth:  iterate   access

test:  converts a list of column data to camel value .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  convert   clusters
truth:  convert   camel

test:  function to decorate methods in order to be called in either a hack or mapreduce .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test getting completion for bash should return a bash string containing --help .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  test   enable
truth:  test   bash

test:  test that the javascript javascript has the po and js in the javascript for the css validator .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  decorator that only calls to pointer functions that require commands and is not present in the sample_ids functions .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  pulls   share
truth:  pulls   homepage

test:  returns a dictionary product of merging the current sites configuration and the default value .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  take a parameters and return the param .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  yaml: validating a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  loop through summary of word2vec .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  transfer two consecutive events to another collection .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  transfer   reallocation
truth:  transfer   collection

test:  return the number of all facet items for the given facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  unassign a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  return v1 between v1 and v2 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  correlation   host
truth:  correlation   numpy

test:  find all the specified length from the given query .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  searches   clones
truth:  searches   server

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a llvm array of a given beautifulsoup .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  create   restrict
truth:  create   array

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  define   converted
truth:  define   block

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  return the power of the matrix n .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  raise   cleaning
truth:  raise   matrix

test:  convert aware :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  set   suggests
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish should not contain fish or guess .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  expand a path to its file .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  provides   define
truth:  provides   path

test:  test that we can nodedent .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  dedent   pulls
truth:  dedent   null

test:  return an absolute path with ~user and env var .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  resolve   hanging
truth:  resolve   variables

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  reset the cached language in the database .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  reset   changes
truth:  reset   languages

test:  return members that appear in the string .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  parse enzyme records .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   substitute
truth:  parse   records

test:  returns true if the given node node does not refer to be imported under any detects .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  check   venonats
truth:  check   try

test:  orv == orv == orv(intersection) .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translates a python error to a collection .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  return a dictionary containing all entries in the provided dict .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return three gensim-style key .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  testing the colorful output of many successful features colorless .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  returns the content of a process .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  removes all files in a directory .
truth: many builds . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  create a database for the specified connection with the db api .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   responds
truth:  creates   database

test:  prints the services for a deprecated .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  ensure a named user is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  disable   unmask
truth:  disable   profiles

test:  return the value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  decorator that causes the decorated function to increase as argument .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the min cost of a network .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   hash
truth:  return   flow

test:  returns file path to the given theme .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  return a list of the brands of data over the most recent declaration_string objects .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the beginning of the file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   decoding
truth:  get   lists

test:  return a list of option names to option value .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  outset the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   capa
truth:  get   circle

test:  log a message usage:: log the debugging usage:: log the message .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  return a set of all available kernel cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  add a system .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  add   fixes
truth:  add   manager

test:  extract the version from the user-agent header and derive .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  extracts   been
truth:  extracts   format

test:  run a bare application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns whether the user is logged in this context .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples seqs: in the output file handle the write mode to write .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   learns
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the configuration options passed to this minion cli example: .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return a list of the names of all enabled plugins .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that bucket names required on those config .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  r^2 -> json data do not match json python manage .
truth: compress json . 
test:  compress   aliased
truth:  compress   json

test:  context manager to temporarily add sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  make   inputhook
truth:  make   sys

test:  creates srt .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  account   activate
truth:  account   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  use netmiko to change the logging buffer size on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  returns a flat dict of child dependencies of the given dict the current child .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  pulls   mocks
truth:  pulls   scores

test:  function to check if vars is related to the special crl .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  checks the length of an object args: capability: the length of the object to check obj : - zero runtime object to check default value of the length or none
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calculate the current vmx dsbrowser .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return the filter matching the given ext .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  reverse a list of pairs to send the order of urls .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  reverse   validating
truth:  reverse   clause

test:  returns an answer to the given answer id .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  resolves   pulls
truth:  resolves   null

test:  on balance correl .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  correlation   adds
truth:  correlation   r

test:  turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  modify all grading of grading courses so that they no longer have the grading role on the course that they coach .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  set   holding
truth:  set   policy

test:  verifies that setups are shown and tests are executed .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   unsqueeze
truth:  verifies   fixtures

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  process a hour for last modified files into a new data directory .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   automate
truth:  process   traffic

test:  gets url of django form for either auth or request .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return compiled list of filters filters for the given compiler .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  checks sampleid of sample mapping file containing ids matching duplicates .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  flags   pulls
truth:  flags   null

test:  simple unpickling function for models that was used with a case of a relative file .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  clone a repository into a url .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  uses the topooptimizer from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  use django .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  ensure a subnet subnet exists within the specified subnet this function requires boto3 .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  parse and return the request object .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  try   knapsack
truth:  try   request

test:  test reading a table with the data for col extent .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  fixed   bounds
truth:  fixed   table

test:  compute the dot product of two variables: batched_dot[i] = underlying dot note that this batched_dot function does one of three things .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   chew
truth:  return   service

test:  get a list of results of reverse with the handler .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  returns true if task has only cached version .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   hits
truth:  create   filter

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  merge one or more includes a includes file in the form with the given name and return the resolved code .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  prompt the value of a user .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  joins a list of strings into a string containing extra words .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  ensure we can complete to builtins .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  ensure   constrain
truth:  ensure   attribute

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file in savez .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   attributes
truth:  saves   arrays

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   ellipsoid
truth:  remove   pool

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse a udevadm info query string and return tuple .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  parse   populating
truth:  parse   info

test:  save configuration to the original configuration .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  simple validations count from the series of numbers .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require the templates/project0/ .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  project   forgot
truth:  project   project

test:  ensure that the supplied frame is valid .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  inspect the tool shed changeset record for the received repository and return its dependencies .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the python version .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the version of the bundled version cli example: .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that a non-existing exception is raised when .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  parses a list of files and returns a cleaned class .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  verify   switch
truth:  verify   list

test:  receive use request to view num .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  show   resultant
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing the data description contains keys "data instances" and "features" .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a connected graph using the given graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  return data passed through butterworth filter .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   acquiring
truth:  return   bessel

test:  returns the port number for a given port .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  parse   preloading
truth:  parse   host

test:  make an oauth2 url based on the uri and excluded position .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  have   limiting
truth:  have   order

test:  change the root directory of this directory .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  initial callback - invoked after the login process has been selected .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check that val is valid .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of images for the given exploration ids .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   coordinates
truth:  given   exploration

test:  check if the object has staff and has staff access to this preview preview .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   score
truth:  returns   staff

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  dynamically load a bootstrap module .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  import   batch
truth:  import   code

test:  run a user cli example: .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  predict the classifier and pickle it has the classifier .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  converts arg into a slice instance .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test starting a detached process with ok=false .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a review return true if the review needs to be run in the review review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  returns a list of known tag names or none if global -xml exists .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  extract   drawing
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter a values .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   deinstalls
truth:  get   tetragrid

test:  create a zfs storagepool .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the url for use as a sequence of two-element address .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  return   chown
truth:  return   loop

test:  expands a function which has valies without any final other than it .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  map   reveal
truth:  map   sequence

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  returns an iterator over all roots that can be used to know for a given roots .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  emulate the deployment id and python interpreter conditions .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  is this a package containing media into a directory parameters filename : str find the name of the file containing media .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  custom trailing source from the main .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup sudoers sudoers sudoers .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  add   switch
truth:  add   list

test:  test reading and transform of trans files .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unserialize extra data of function sfunc .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the web frame help .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   xfail
truth:  return   help

test:  like np .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  allocate   reconstructs
truth:  allocate   ndarray

test:  save the task definition and saves it into the task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generate find_config_files nodes for the given url in the given addon .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return all the users with the current process .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return true if f is a string .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   pulls
truth:  align   null

test:  delete the tags from a unzip policy .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  add   drawing
truth:  add   tags

test:  return a setup/teardown widget instance .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get all snapshots .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   reading
truth:  get   agent

test:  check if there are any of the same text .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  return   consisting
truth:  return   link

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  generate extensions and strict file .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  link to the bokeh issue in a simple issue .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  transforms bytes into hubble table .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  raise :exc:assertionerror if metadata key exists in place .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  a fake helper function to return a list of the currently active tag representing the number of functions which indicate permission for each file in the passed in the passed
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   assign
truth:  load   requests

test:  create keyring keyring cli example: .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  retrieves the url for the current request prefix if it exists .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  creates the configuration spec for the provided spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  add a resource to response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  does a auth node contain a eligible node .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  check   looping
truth:  check   node

test:  returns a set of all gating info about the course that are gating and the given course .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  32-bit helper to get the ca ca ca ca certs from digest .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  calculate install within a neighbor or fly .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  find   logs
truth:  find   vertices

test:  convert a posix datetime to a datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  create a fixed ip from the values dictionary .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   containing
truth:  create   ip

test:  parse a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  return j diag(d) of robust helper diag(d) .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  scale   pulls
truth:  scale   null

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   preprocessing
truth:  generate   char

test:  sample the whole ndarray of a sequence of points .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  samples   reported
truth:  samples   function

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   pts
truth:  sends   rpc

test:  makes eager scripts .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  safely remove the directory .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  decorate all the numtips attribute for this module .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  function   sparks
truth:  function   number

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  set the sql configuration options for the provided db .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  a context manager to temporarily disable a threadsafe file to be used in a threadsafe fashion .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   phred
truth:  clear   caches

test:  displays the first word in templates and the text in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  a room that is a little more advanced .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  pulls   assigned
truth:  pulls   room

test:  verify that the stack is valid and on .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  stack   switch
truth:  stack   list

test:  save an image to disk .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  showing   forwards
truth:  showing   image

test:  validates that the given attribute can be a valid augeas to an ryu .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validate   format
truth:  validate   parameter

test:  return threshold value based on yens method .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  return   rrmgr
truth:  return   threshold

test:  prints the commands to the custom commands file .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  print   preload
truth:  print   content

test:  decorator to make a function that is a method or not provided in a :app:pyramid decorator .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  make   float
truth:  make   decorator

test:  construct an iterable containing the elements contained in a sample sample .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  generate the genelatex post-order breqn for an instance of markup .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  generate   pass
truth:  generate   document

test:  make sure cookies are changed when cookies are not changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   fileformat
truth:  test   self

test:  helper for the simp such that the other one or more return a simp .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  takes   corrupts
truth:  takes   terms

test:  for backward compatibility .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the tidy for the given string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   modified
truth:  return   lowercase

test:  verifies if the x509 verify .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  validate   gunzip
truth:  validate   certificates

test:  to put the specified host using its name cli example: .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  disconnect   grouping
truth:  disconnect   system

test:  validate and return a string for optdict .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  update a specific computenode .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  group delete page .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  walks the node object for any node .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   increase
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  verifies that a source is configured with a list of source files and return a list of source with the sources as a list of source .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  accepts   svn
truth:  accepts   dicts

test:  orthogonal iir .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  initialize the logs for the given process .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  logs   reported
truth:  logs   function

test:  reconstruct every overlapping from the given polynomial f and return it .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  reconstruct   bench
truth:  reconstruct   value

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  create a plugin from the given module .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  point   extension

test:  retrieves the group from the specified group .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  converts the string to a date according to the locale settings .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() if he is not a driver .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  ensure   trending
truth:  ensure   driver

test:  makes a channel with the telegram api service .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  creates   overrides
truth:  creates   channel

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  run jshint push to the javascript server .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  run   files
truth:  run   check

test:  return the default command path for the given node .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  apply   xfail
truth:  apply   help

test:  clone the specified overlay .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  gather   plan
truth:  gather   profile

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  convert a file name to a relative file name .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  test installing from a non-editable install for pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  only used when the suspend method is available .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  performs a command line down the unit_1 on a tree .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure that the exception job is raised when the process fails .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  returns the effects of a sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  given   popup
truth:  given   effects

test:  like user .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return the specified hex colors .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  shorten   dump
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | integer .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   round
truth:  computes   polynomials

test:  recursively convert v to 4-element strings .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escapes   gauss
truth:  escapes   strings

test:  returns the cumulative estimate of the central logarithm of the matrix given as vectors .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   rescanning
truth:  return   weights

test:  gets the tensorflow time .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with aes key and secret key .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  get median value of list alist .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  only work on moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  returns an array of model items that correspond to the selected qtreewidgetitem children .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  helper function for rapidsms_router .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  returns the of an image .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  get the list of initial state with an initial taps that has an initial value in the given layer type with the given layer .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  wrap   transliterate
truth:  wrap   variable

test:  show the or master dataverse for the specified image .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  create and write the contents of a given dir .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  load module from any filename .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  returns a modelformset form for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  convert a string like object into a unicode object .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  attempt   shared
truth:  attempt   string

test:  taken from internalerror .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  replaces   documents
truth:  replaces   transcripts

test:  convert an url to a local url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  clears globally installed manager .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clear   synchronizes
truth:  clear   callbacks

test:  destroy the given user_id_or_name .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  marks   pulls
truth:  marks   null

test:  replace the noise argument to tell it can be used .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replaces   utf-8
truth:  replaces   argument

test:  convert a string to list of integers .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  transform   shared
truth:  transform   string

test:  set a new web connection and apply it to the cache backend .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  makes   extract
truth:  makes   version

test:  constant_expression : conditional_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  a coroutine for methods .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  helper method to join and datastore multiple tensors separated by a list of numbers .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to a zone .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a list of the keys returned by the true .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  maintain   switch
truth:  maintain   list

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  validate the context for a settings in settings .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  checks   lambda
truth:  checks   django

test:  use the rest api to get the output index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   emits
truth:  formats   definition

test:  returns a url for http request and response .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  initiate   knapsack
truth:  initiate   request

test:  edit a media media .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   slave_open
truth:  edit   media

test:  return the ith of a given vector .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  computes   assuming
truth:  computes   norm

test:  tell worker(s) to modify the command from task .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  terminate   requesting
truth:  terminate   i

test:  converts an arbitrary object for use in a base class for the given type name .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  allows a python unittest to make sure its in a simple case .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  pulls   left
truth:  pulls   bug

test:  returns the number of bytes required to encrypt a given long .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  does a list of kroneckerdeltas .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a choke for the given model that was made for the given model .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  executes   exposes
truth:  executes   values

test:  parse the arguments and return a list of all inline configured .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  ask the hostname for a ipv4 address in the address to address .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolves   stores
truth:  resolves   name

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  aux function .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  compute   permutates
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  performs the gauss-chebyshev cipher encryption on plaintext key .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  return   sends
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change the password for a named password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  reset   reduced
truth:  reset   cli

test:  returns a list of paths that should be used as part of the given module .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  finds   ip
truth:  finds   paths

test:  add hosts to label hosts .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  add   prefilled
truth:  add   hosts

test:  returns password .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  convenience function for returning multiple topic tree nodes for use in rendering content .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return an arbitrary list containing a list of the first letter .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  index   intended
truth:  index   letter

test:  register the given registry .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  enable   r^2
truth:  enable   form

test:  converts utf-8 strings to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  pulls   picks
truth:  pulls   reason

test:  returns the clique complement of g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  find   direct
truth:  find   clique

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   querying
truth:  callback   actions

test:  yaml: bitbucket execute a job when bitbucket is pushed to .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a new dict with new values of the keys of the item in the tupleize .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  convert   forbid
truth:  convert   options

test:  get the inset points of the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  if the current draft has been updated by the update data .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  save   r^2
truth:  save   form

test:  reads pcfg data from production reads .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  test automatic legend placement .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   meet
truth:  test   legend

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return information about a device cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  proxmox proxmox .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the altz from altz .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new new new new new records on the specified endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  busy a network device .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  evaluate an integer mapping of type stream to all the classes in the given parent .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  list available zones for the current organization cli example: .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  gets the key for the key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  aborts execution and causes a url to be sent .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get all the modules of all the modules .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  tests that the approximate tolerance is properly propagated .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  validate that the certificate matches a csr pem .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   sleep
truth:  validate   files

test:  fixture providing a fake stub for win_id service .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  test %reset in magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   consists
truth:  test   reset

test:  patch a mnist asynchronous .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  returns the binary representation of the gdb gdb cert .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  propagates the pyopenssl-backed title .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  return the string representing the offset of the given alias .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  return a canceler 5 seconds later .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  checks if a dhcp options exists .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  check   cause
truth:  check   option

test:  escape string of characters in the given css document .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages list .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  return the text of a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  given restapiid and an apikey .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  running "harvest" with --avoid-apps=one_app .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  returns the given value .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  rounding   gauss
truth:  rounding   strings

test:  open an object to read the bucket class from a file-like object .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the media player of the media player object .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   imsave
truth:  run   profiler

test:  makes a template for a resource .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  removes a record .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   clip
truth:  remove   record

test:  get the string from the filename .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  generate the data needed to find a new serializer in each serializer .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  give   generate
truth:  give   users

test:  clean the global runtime of the global runtime from the instance .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  resets   currents
truth:  resets   state

test:  decorator to make sure that a staff user is logged in staff .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  trash trash .
truth: remove message . 
test:  remove   randomise
truth:  remove   message

test:  check if the given headers is a websocket of headers .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  determine   lstrip
truth:  determine   set

test:  prints a list of theano configuration directories on this platform .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  print   sleep
truth:  print   files

test:  main program .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  run   mutes
truth:  run   app

test:  max pooling pool .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   restores
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns mobile arguments to run this project with arguments .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  return the getproxies environment variable proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  fixture providing a sessionmanager .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  this function makes the salt module .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  this is a listener .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper function to check if the given path does not match .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  example of a string based .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  update the map of all libraries in the given path .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  update   allocate
truth:  update   user

test:  extract a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  compute the nth coefficient of f .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  construct   indicate
truth:  construct   polynomial

test:  makes sure that test is included and has the review table .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  create a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  activate   initializing
truth:  activate   trigger

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  when a user has been registered belonging to a default group .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   decide
truth:  add   groups

test:  retrieve user object from provided username or username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  make sure the bandwidth bandwidth is set to something other than the log of the post-processing version .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  get   export
truth:  get   tuple

test:  integrate plugins to the plugins specified in the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  integrate   colorized
truth:  integrate   context

test:  returns a random value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  create a temporary file .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  works   pulls
truth:  works   null

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   undeploy
truth:  computes   prs

test:  retry calling http call to retry a function and retry it is raised in case of the server .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the fully qualified fqdn .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  get the hardware architecture of the machine .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  convert a fits record to fits stream of the data in fits format .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   simulate
truth:  convert   spec

test:  decorates a function to handle restful http entities .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  return a indices if its indices .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  checks   were
truth:  checks   property

test:  builds the dummy dummy vm vm .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   hostname
truth:  builds   vm

test:  returns an error escape sequence of characters .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  simulate   flip
truth:  simulate   python

test:  modifies a view function by setting a csrf view that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not exempt the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  converts a timedelta to seconds .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  convert   matching
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  a: a theano copy of the system .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  copy   collecting
truth:  copy   b

test:  splits a piece of encoded string into a sequence of keys .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  calculate   tell
truth:  calculate   signature

test:  returns the maximum likelihood for the parameters of the input array .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for algebraic p .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  return the user containing a specific database or a specific user id .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  runs a call and stores it in a call .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  makes   pts
truth:  makes   rpc

test:  test whether or not an n_levels attribute is given .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   guessing
truth:  create   namespace

test:  a resource - used by cms - used for map requests .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  find and return a 404 if the session is not a session .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  set the group module if the os linux .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  parses a *query from its argument and returns a tuple .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   unroll
truth:  parse   steps

test:  make a networkx file layers .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   killed
truth:  draws   network

test:  parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  convert string to a boolean value .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  decorator to ensure the underlying request has the same named as the storage library .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  if needed .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  return   multistringwidget
truth:  return   win32

test:  waits for the true of the server to send it in seconds .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  batch   deregister
truth:  batch   jobs

test:  check the .
truth: check the . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   labels
truth:  return   transform

test:  it should download and not install the url .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   access
truth:  downloads   url

test:  sends a email on the note to the given recipients object .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  given   export
truth:  given   tuple

test:  set the api return the registry used by the api registry .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  set   given
truth:  set   register

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  returns   fitnesse
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs based on status .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  return: document that wont wont exist on document .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  walk   pulls
truth:  walk   null

test:  returns the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  test get_version() when invalid data is invalid .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  execute transaction on a static file and then detach it to vars .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   view
truth:  execute   q

test:  basic filter that will return a list of templates codes from wildcard .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate hash of a bytearray .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   hover
truth:  test   bytes

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  rule : simple_stmt lt expr | rule lt expr | rule gt rule | rule divide rule | rule lt rule | rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the name of the component of a where the version number is total .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   msg
truth:  clean   component

test:  given a dict of headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   review
truth:  encode   keys

test:  return the url for the provided site and the provided scheme .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get a set of packages .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  returns   simplifies
truth:  returns   packages

test:  empty trash and find text trash on a previously sparse instance .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  empty   suggest
truth:  empty   folder

test:  return true for function threaded .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  tests that the hash hashing attached to the existing hash .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  return true if the object is a target_dir type that we have a string .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  convert   inplace
truth:  convert   ovs

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  parse the documentation string and return the pb .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  create   loved
truth:  create   doc

test:  recursively collects a glob path .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  walk   resample
truth:  walk   directories

test:  regression test for #4957 .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  test   smash
truth:  test   corner

test:  returns the items of an iterable paired with respect to the given matrices .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   preface
truth:  returns   degree

test:  update the value of the named function completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   gzipped
truth:  update   completion

test:  returns an attribute from the given metadata .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  fixes   constrain
truth:  fixes   attribute

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  parse a string of the experiment for use in the given multipart code .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  input   decorating
truth:  input   log

test:  generate a deterministic backend for a sequence of stochastic stochastic backend .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert a set of data into all the files in the given file .
truth: by default . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  this tag provides the given domain with its boto tag .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   transliterate
truth:  outputs   variable

test:  disassociate the given security group from the pool .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  returns the mac address as a string .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  reverse   iuploader
truth:  reverse   lookup

test:  load a module from an fpath file .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  tax add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library java .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  use this validator if the user can temporarily change an errors .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  capture   allocate
truth:  capture   user

test:  register a new image .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  registers   override
truth:  registers   converter

test:  release an interface to netmiko .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   paging
truth:  release   interface

test:  run a cluster on a separate process with reference to a given name .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   negate
truth:  ensure   resource

test:  displays all registered action actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   querying
truth:  render   actions

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if the matrix is related to hacker matrices .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  checks   cleaning
truth:  checks   matrix

test:  verifying the output with expected results for inverse logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   flattens
truth:  verifying   output

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   contrasts
truth:  sign   digest

test:  enable the rdp service and make sure access to the rdp port is disabled in the firewall configuration .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  async version of a function .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  make sure the reader reader doesnt segfault when the input data contains comment before the after the input reader .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display the customization message .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  encode string to base64 using the supplied return value .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  pickle   bench
truth:  pickle   value

test:  merge dicts into one .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  copy   svn
truth:  copy   dicts

test:  check if bracket is mt .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  check   profile
truth:  check   theme

test:  determine if the unwrapped line can go on a single line .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  write the message logs .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  adds   checking
truth:  adds   logs

test:  check if all apps that are perm .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  keyspace if a keyspace exists in cassandra cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  check   sorting
truth:  check   keyspace

test:  reduce a collection of multiple tuples .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  reduces   exposes
truth:  reduces   values

test:  vanilla test for interactive python interpreter .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  calculate the partition sequence of sequence .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  pulls   collects
truth:  pulls   count

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return the discards closest file in the given directory .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the full error message .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return a color name for the given list of type .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  executes the given event on all the or tree .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  handle   fitnesse
truth:  handle   events

test:  test unique join inputs within a given node .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  test   input_string
truth:  test   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  accumulates representation of binary classification .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  close logger information from a logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  closes   lets
truth:  closes   handler

test:  for an meta .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  check a mysql mysql .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   fleiss
truth:  check   mysql

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  ensure we get error raised if we are not created .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   capturing
truth:  ensure   error

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  factorial(n) -> returns the distance between the dpow and y .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builders-from computing the binary classification .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   see
truth:  compute   factors

test:  returns the current which allows a given ajax instance .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  based   pulls
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the coordinates of a newly day .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  inner egg:paste#auth_digest of applying gated and inner dave .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  solves   construct
truth:  solves   kind

test:  convert two rsa methods .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  return   drop
truth:  return   ssh

test:  decorator to output the specified function to update its instance .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  cache   forms
truth:  cache   result

test:  return a random server and stop resources .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  ensure that the model is supported in the db .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  get the populating childnode .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   from_value
truth:  get   cascade

test:  return true if the given file path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return secret_key of your app .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  return   mutes
truth:  return   app

test:  installs privileges to update privileges .
truth: main loop . 
test:  loop   chown
truth:  loop   loop

test:  send an http request via the telegram api .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  perform   jid

test:  wrapper to read a template file .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  require   bartels
truth:  require   contents

test:  return the maximum of the minimum of a frame .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   formatted
truth:  computes   rate

test:  downgrade a v3 table for the magic setting for the given primary model .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  return true if nictag contains nictag cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  evaluate efficiently taylor in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   solving
truth:  evaluate   composition

test:  dump android statistics to be android .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  combine   unmask
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a path to a relative path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  updates the locate database .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  find the main format and applies it to the provided format .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  take a query string and return a tuple of the form includes the corresponding one and the query parameter and return a tuple of the query .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  truncate by 1 .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  the effect of the plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns whether obj is a descriptor object .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  return a list of users that implement a particular email address .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a single test for a test cases .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  given a project .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  shortcut   permutes
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  creates a n-queens matrix filled with the nth-order diagonals diagonals diagonals and diagonals values .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  compute partitions from a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  specify   regroup
truth:  specify   subsets

test:  load a single token from an application key .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  retrieves   enhanced
truth:  retrieves   object

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  test   analyze
truth:  test   copy

test:  merge the volume bindings from an instance of volumes volumes .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  creates group groups groups .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   autoreleased
truth:  creates   types

test:  read kit data from file to fif .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  adds a send flag for the exploration queue .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   coordinates
truth:  adds   exploration

test:  return the autocorrelation of b that can be used as a number between b and b .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  start the process in a given cluster .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  return the absolute path of a file with listening .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  return true if the structure structure is valid .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  verify   offset
truth:  verify   parameters

test:  check two lists of features to check their sum of two lists .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   decoding
truth:  check   lists

test:  return true if the value is a string or false .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  interpret a string as a host:port pair .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  strips   exposes
truth:  strips   values

test:  return a default locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  default   raise
truth:  default   term

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  verify   transliterate
truth:  verify   variable

test:  show the product page .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   pulls
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  configures an image to a repeatable .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  walk through the directory tree .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  a block of the lineage is an instance of the given block .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  create a temp file provided by the keyword arguments .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple in the form of the application output .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns the default fetch deadline for deadline if it exists .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns the version of plugincontext or an empty version string if not installed .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  decorator that only calls to pointer functions that require commands and is not present in the sample_ids functions .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the current time .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  retrieve   support
truth:  retrieve   time

test:  reindex a single python random decomposition .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a authentication digest to a username .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to aws walrus :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  send db create database .
truth: send create database . 
test:  send   responds
truth:  send   database

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  get a list of existing ip addresses for the specified user .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  this is called only time the server starts up .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return one of the current search search : string username .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   dos
truth:  return   search

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return a structure of lvm devices .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this returns a dict of the result from the given django database .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  gets   understemmed
truth:  gets   results

test:  return predefined config value for each git git key .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   track
truth:  get   top

test:  return a list of profiles for all the default profiles cli example: .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  list   unmask
truth:  list   profiles

test:  return list of installed extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  returns all python modules and subpackages in the same directory as filename w/o cli example: .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a set of all webelement with the given type .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  builds   teardown
truth:  builds   type

test:  encode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the docker command for a docker docker .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  prefix   raising
truth:  prefix   docker

test:  return the line number of the current axes .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a factory method with both the first and grabbing the creator .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  wrap   spawns
truth:  wrap   endpoint

test:  convert list of native structure to a list of form game by builder .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  lead field sums fitting and prime size of series .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  pulls   waveform
truth:  pulls   products

test:  module view .
truth: module view . 
test:  module   usage_key_string
truth:  module   view

test:  specifying the python interpreter should work .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  command   compose
truth:  command   usage

test:  exception handler for technical .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a square-free polynomial f into an int64index of p .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  convert an event to qt qt object .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  appends appends to the principal for x .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  integrate field to the given field in a in/out curve curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  compute   small_stmts
truth:  compute   line

test:  search a pattern by name .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  search   shared
truth:  search   string

test:  returns the smallest and largest data values for a given axis .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  trims   restoring
truth:  trims   data

test:  return a first element of the markov with the given mm .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  computes the capped absolute error .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  perform a hash of a string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  displays the date .
truth: display the date . 
test:  display   temperature
truth:  display   date

test:  write a string to an xml element .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   autoencoder
truth:  write   xml

test:  handle proper auth .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   reported
truth:  checks   function

test:  save and imsave to the 4-d dict of data files to perform a cluster .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  connect to the named container .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  return a fresh instance of a shake256 object .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  const_value : const_value : const_value .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears the current dag instances for a particular task .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  remove   borrowed
truth:  remove   instances

test:  return the attribute of an object as a string .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  get   loved
truth:  get   doc

test:  coerce s to bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  return a tuple of tuples from a tree .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  upload a file-like object to the local temporary file .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the current username for compiled user .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  test installing a package with which defines the same names .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  test module importer .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  test   tear
truth:  test   module

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  creates a new bit array for the given number of bits .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a tag or a string private_exponent .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  get a new inventory inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  download the given data file for a given coord file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  returns the maximum of a finder .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  return a organizations activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  tests that we can train a multi-line skip called from a posix file .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential permissions .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a string without tags .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove a block device mapping from the devices .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  send   reassemble
truth:  send   compute

test:  decorator to execute a function level .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  add   reported
truth:  add   function

test:  only the named service is enabled in the test to start on boot args: name : the feature to check returns: bool: true if the service is enabled .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  a post_save for adding a numpy array to a python month .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  parses a query .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  create a dictionary of issues from a list of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  convert   augments
truth:  convert   issues

test:  return a currently active context for the application .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  multiply the expression tree of a vector operation .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  applies   bench
truth:  applies   value

test:  iterate over all filenames and its subdirectories from the warnings .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  yield   prettyprint
truth:  yield   examples

test:  this is a wrapper function that creates a collection of three ways to test .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  add the value of a single channel for changes to the pairs table .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  function   flattening
truth:  function   field

test:  decorate a function to find a hybrid or also allowed a unicode .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  make   loved
truth:  make   doc

test:  splituser --> host .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the jwterror module with the given json object .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   aliased
truth:  configures   json

test:  changes the named vm to the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  solves the general equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  sync and update the list of modules .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  sync   mutes
truth:  sync   app

test:  extract images in two images .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   dumping
truth:  extract   patch

test:  generate the backend entry for the backend entry .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  default   fold
truth:  default   backend

test:  only load if the master module is enabled .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  run optimised in default mode .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts an ipv6 address in rfc 1924 representation to rfc 1924 returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   based
truth:  converts   address

test:  returns the text as text .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the path to the binary binary for path given as a path to the path for the prefix of the file .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  prefix   authorizes
truth:  prefix   command

test:  it can run only the specified limit from a subdirectory .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   uppercase
truth:  running   harvest

test:  check that service client names of the service is in the output .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  check   building
truth:  check   tag

test:  return the fin cost from the configuration .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  displays the increment increment for the modbus cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  create a sparse matrix of shape with indices separated by shape .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  for each test .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  load   wanted
truth:  load   filename

test:  allow a custom language for the language .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  parses a group pattern .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  compiles   rising
truth:  compiles   group

test:  register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  register   shut
truth:  register   checker

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  checks if two lists are equal .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  return   chisquare
truth:  return   tuples

test:  return the wipe element of the disk .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  wipe   pulls
truth:  wipe   null

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   printing
truth:  return   locale

test:  create a fake repository on the given source .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  get the double value of the word after the first occurence of the line is in the split line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   calculates
truth:  get   vertex

test:  adds a new job to the queue queue .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  failed   deregister
truth:  failed   jobs

test:  returns the calculated margin for a margin and geometry and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  removes a swiss plugin from the output .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  removes   identifies
truth:  removes   plugin

test:  take a normalized operator and emit the same operator .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  change   looking
truth:  change   operator

test:  return the image shape of the same shape as 2 byte array .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  get   restrict
truth:  get   array

test:  return the number of followers of the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   bench
truth:  synthesize   value

test:  cb that has been run .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   holding
truth:  delete   policy

test:  parse sample map file into pandas map :arg review counts to update the update to an integer representing it referenced via "opts" comments .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parses   optdict
truth:  parses   lines

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the list .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  send an instance to a new uid .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return the gradient of a frame .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   increment
truth:  returns   gradient

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  it should extract the source date .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   add
truth:  test   ps

test:  create a snapshot using json web ui .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  extract a link from http response headers which can be found in a header dict .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extract   install
truth:  extract   response

test:  print a string representation of an iterable .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  load ip addresses from cidr .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  load   scaled
truth:  load   queue

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   switch
truth:  removes   list

test:  return a mongodb connection object .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get the modified collection of all working_copy() for the determining package .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  make   unparsing
truth:  make   git

test:  displays the bluetooth address on or off cli example: .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  sets the modules verbosity .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  test if the returncode site is initialized .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  is   downgrades
truth:  is   point

test:  imports from a file .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  import   preload
truth:  import   content

test:  test ask for finite errors .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  start the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  ensure   chew
truth:  ensure   service

test:  parses an xml string from the xml class and returns it .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  morerules : morerules ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  unload metadefinitions from the ipython extension .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  unload   attempt
truth:  unload   extension

test:  get all rules for a given security group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  count   put
truth:  count   rules

test:  plot a single influence of label .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   pushing
truth:  plot   model

test:  write a file to a file .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  test that the clickableimage is initialized when x is false .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  entry point for the script .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  set   exit
truth:  set   handling

test:  returns the representation of a string that is acceptable as a string .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  find out what type of code is in .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  carves up a mime_type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  run a synchronous query w/ tests .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   xlsx
truth:  run   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add allocated_id to the meta table .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   search
truth:  add   d

test:  yaml: builds a deployment on the build .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  pulls   proposed
truth:  pulls   chain

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   pulls
truth:  atom   null

test:  returns a list of paragraphs onto a list of paragraphs .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  returns   re
truth:  returns   paragraphs

test:  returns a redirect to the given language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  recursively resolves an object to the given object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  resolve   enhanced
truth:  resolve   object

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  return a dict of the package that belong to the given package .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  create a new project .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  return filename .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  make   wanted
truth:  make   filename

test:  returns corpus id of corpus that correspond to the given document id .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  convert a 2-bytes .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   dumping
truth:  convert   patch

test:  returns a dict of active config values .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   float
truth:  returns   decorator

test:  calculate and return the md5 hash of a given object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  pull progress_precent for all of the addresses in a push .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  receive   prioritized
truth:  receive   messages

test:  returns true if these are w/in a join_type of any of the same synapses .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  changes the value of a given type to a new block .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  set   analyzes
truth:  set   size

test:  decodes a receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test if a 4bit user is in the running partition .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  trigger   reencrypt
truth:  trigger   start

test:  set the clip to the clip of each value of the clip .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   grab
truth:  pulls   val

test:  returns a class with the specified e .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  method decorator that checks that the given messages has been logged .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  indent the given line of the given tab .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   djangos
truth:  return   indentation

test:  view decorator that will draw a user against a tweet .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  display   does
truth:  display   tweets

test:  checks whether the ipv4 address is a valid ip or a d^2 address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  check   based
truth:  check   address

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   xlsx
truth:  match   query

test:  register a new kind of python codec .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  common code for the first power of the second prime .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  pulls   duplicates
truth:  pulls   symbol

test:  given a remote method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using truncated .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the list of regressors and addons in the stream .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  ensures that a string argument is a bytestring of a url .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  bins -> data create a bar chart using the given label label .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return the minimum of a function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  given   reported
truth:  given   function

test:  validate the settings stored in the django settings .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  download a handle to the file and saves it in the database .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  download   remote
truth:  download   httpresponse

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key string spaces become dots .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  find the recipient of a new fixes .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   stream
truth:  parses   returns

test:  patch multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   unignores
truth:  perform   patches

test:  returns a sizer for a string field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  creates a storage object from dictionary mapping .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  returns the shortest path between two nodes sets a directed graph .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  get the environment (which setting .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   accept
truth:  get   env

test:  returns a wsgi file name for the file in the given file name .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  return string with unicode md5 hash of the given object .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  look up an hinfo table in the given table and return it .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  formats a list of tabs for use with the same line .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  takes   fileformat
truth:  takes   self

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns text annotations as a single string .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  helper function for simulating xenapi plugin responses and other untrusted via ec2 .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  parses a timeseries file of a raw raw data set of values .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  convert the list of strings into a list of strings .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the hypervolume fitness .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a plural string for the specified string .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  insert   sparks
truth:  insert   number

test:  set a subscription on a user .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  return the unique string name for the current location .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  guesses   widening
truth:  guesses   location

test:  test filtfilt offset .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tweak
truth:  test   replacement

test:  tests if the moonish string colors are called with the same 1s and the coordinate instants to see if the right reader are both are explicitly passed in the same
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  validates   synchronize
truth:  validates   addresses

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  given a i{dispatch} signature .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  determine if the factors of a method does not exclude with literal method .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  sort   scans
truth:  sort   pairs

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  convert a long int character to the character id .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  fetches the file from the access to the vm .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  use   supplied
truth:  use   api

test:  this function combines the basic auth class .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  clear denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   pulls
truth:  clear   null

test:  create a directory log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   suggest
truth:  create   folder

test:  store a certificate from a store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  add method to the permalink methods and should be able to the user-specified or reset rules .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  add   specifies
truth:  add   methods

test:  require the afrikaans language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  compute the target that is suitable for listing to a target construction function .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  make the replica connection .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   downgrades
truth:  insert   point

test:  generate ccpr results for a set of ccpr .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  add a url to a url for requesting to a url .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  add   paginated
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test serviceprovideeditview a url .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  ensure that the names of the list of schemas .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  import   restoring
truth:  import   data

test:  return the linear unordered feature for x and y .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   debugging
truth:  generates   dataset

test:  accepts a mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  accepts   assume
truth:  accepts   header

test:  return processes information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  find the repository directory that contains no migrate database .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  check if a given certificate is passing into a string .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  given   point
truth:  given   status

test:  the inverse of parseaddr() .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  language: and memoize memoize should work in the exception .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  tests   expected
truth:  tests   stack

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  a list of tasks tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  list   shift
truth:  list   tasks

test:  return a list of all inline files .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  test that set and set its non-none output to set truncated .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a version of os .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  returns   feed
truth:  returns   entropy

test:  returns true if the node is a valid acceptable node .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  projects   determine
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes belonging to a cache .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  query   aligns
truth:  query   volume

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  generate a random id .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  generate   linkify
truth:  generate   integer

test:  assert that the tpotclassifier predict function outputs a tpot pipeline for a fixed pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   simplified
truth:  assert   tpot

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  split a list into a list of non-empty parts .
truth: take a token . 
test:  take   scop
truth:  take   token

test:  returns a list of ntp peers .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  returns   decline
truth:  returns   ntp

test:  return the place of bounds and b .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  convert   returned
truth:  convert   numbers

test:  read bti pdf matrix from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   labels
truth:  read   transform

test:  check user registrations for a campaign .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  landing   bring
truth:  landing   page

test:  indent text to block stack spaces .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  parse a single header .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   assure
truth:  parse   challenge

test:  save the results of a given predictions to its previous state .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  given   forbids
truth:  given   predictions

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  add a package to watch .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  return a list of all containers on the cloud provider .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  returns   paste
truth:  returns   containers

test:  returns a datastore key as a human readable output .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  computes the trimmed set of polynomials for the normal mean .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parses a hex escape sequence in a replacement string .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   reveal
truth:  parses   sequence

test:  convert strings into a list to strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  swaps a number between two points crossover .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  this method will checkout with a tokenize with a given user with cybersource as inserted and amount of the user .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  create   limiting
truth:  create   order

test:  construct a reverse domain name from a valid domain identifier in an ipv6 address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  this checks what happens has been resolved on spaces .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  test   safe_octal
truth:  test   class

test:  retrieve the footer from the traceability returns: zero .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  append   sampled
truth:  append   footer

test:  return the canonical form of a graph without going to be used .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  lookup   stores
truth:  lookup   name

test:  the signal-to-noise ratio of the input data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  calculates   dumps
truth:  calculates   signal

test:  return the house graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   snaps
truth:  write   pid

test:  returns true if the node is a text in it form .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  pulls   safe_peekline
truth:  pulls   star

test:  switch frappe and upgrade specified to master .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  get the spider loader class if it exists .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  context manager that temporarily disable config for all of the given key .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   updates
truth:  builds   wsgi

test:  creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   completes
truth:  creates   budget

test:  convert an integer to a varint and write it using the write function .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  return a metadata if it is a readable document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if source string is a valid source string or false .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  ensures that the cell is set to the absolute path .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  takes   lstrip
truth:  takes   set

test:  returns a list of ordereddict to a read containing a list of equivalences blocks .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  same as a >= operator .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  uploads a previously-encrypted blob with google cloud storage .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  generate a source spaces or destination source file .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  ensure   unlocking
truth:  ensure   source

test:  return the pipe response .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   nested
truth:  return   segment

test:  test for this script based on the bokeh and the name of the script .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  execute   prettify
truth:  execute   process

test:  apply a batch of the caller function in a batch .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a background username and set it to defaults .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   clones
truth:  launch   server

test:  read and return xml tree .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   assign
truth:  read   requests

test:  return the definite integral of f at a in x .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a tuple .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  find the function/callable of a network .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   killed
truth:  find   network

test:  displays the students html for the given course .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  display   digs
truth:  display   html

test:  loads a glob binary instance .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  sets the value of a given page with the given css and save it in the given css .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  gets   breaking
truth:  gets   candidates

test:  return the fact that the given comment comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  record   iterates
truth:  record   comment

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using the change of variable y -> x**rational .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  test   clustered
truth:  test   equations

test:  ensure that file does not exist .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  decorator to make sure a function is valid .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the hash information for a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  create a new file of standard subprocess .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check whether a process name is in the known_hosts pattern .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  name   flip
truth:  name   python

test:  change the owning "<if>@<endpoint>" to the specified user .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patch   pulls
truth:  patch   null

test:  return the given user_id_or_name public activity query for all activities .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  test the model matching the arguments .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  decorator to checking that the mime type is a valid mime *mimes .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of subclass strings .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  concatenate inputs or vertically .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the list of intersection wrapper for a given local scalar .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  reverts the set of snapshots to the given exploration id .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  coefficients the output of a set of running elements .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  extract   deconvolves
truth:  extract   level

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   restoring
truth:  gunzip   data

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression + expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  set the uploaded function for the uploaded of a given image .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  pulls   drops
truth:  pulls   call

test:  split a list into a list of matching words .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  instantiates an all-zeros keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and dtype .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates the start command start the heap on the port .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  test running the main loop plan .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  run   refresh
truth:  run   scripts

test:  test url handling .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user to connect as host the host of the user host the host
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  this is a file system because "package" are discarded .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   caught
truth:  wait   futures

test:  returns a string specifying the python implementation build .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  create a spider for uses the current request .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   regularized
truth:  create   spider

test:  a slightly implementation of the enriched .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  extract new strings corresponding to transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  pull   gauss
truth:  pull   strings

test:  gets the number of country for a phone number .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  gets   teardown
truth:  gets   type

test:  returns the checksum for a string .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  calculates   preprocessing
truth:  calculates   char

test:  wrap a sequence of text tuples so that each word does not match the given text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format a time identifier for the given format .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  returns the product of two proportions .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test that passing values in fill_values should only replace columns with columns or values .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  verifies a student flow .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse an accept header .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   approve
truth:  parses   *

test:  it computes the accuracy of all classes that are accuracy .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  return a shell-escaped version of string *s* .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  takes a sequence of cw .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  chain chain used to break break .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   proposed
truth:  get   chain

test:  a: a theano shared variable b: a theano shared variable returns f where the first dimension is a theano shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   transliterate
truth:  returns   variable

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when collection errors occur is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  verify   binhexed
truth:  verify   tests

test:  return the install for an instance .
truth: given an object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  returns true if this users has xtheme to this rate args: username: : the context to use this call the user in the context from django .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  send hgrid to the root root node .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the glance metadata for all volumes .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  returns true if g has a equivalence status .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  determines   compresses
truth:  determines   statement

test:  convert string to numerical case .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  return the degree of the elements of a matrix .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  finds   preface
truth:  finds   degree

test:  convert fastaqual fastq to fasta file and save to fastq' file .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a 404 instance for this project .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  compute nth moment of a given moment moments .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   dataset
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that the datasets on the given desired deployer .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  convert a realm to a realm that has allowed days .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  is   access
truth:  is   url

test:  registers the allow unicode string for the given doctestreturn .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  registers   pulls
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture that simulates a topic forum with a given topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  pulls   stops
truth:  pulls   topic

test:  set up the concord232 binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  convert seqs to sequence sequence .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  map   controls
truth:  map   ids

test:  generates a dask array from a list of integer chunks .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  returns a seqs_per_file of the bson .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  return   memoizing
truth:  return   health

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  returns the throughputs loop for a given set of throughputs configuration .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator that calls app_reverse() use this instead of standard corpus .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  runs flask dev .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  cleanup   registering
truth:  cleanup   views

test:  models are created through lettuce steps .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  are   pulls
truth:  are   null

test:  return a form for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return the filesystems status of all distributions .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  loads the application .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  load   roundrobin
truth:  load   application

test:  get a resource_type .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a decorator that validates the property of validation function .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  allocate eip domain and allocate it with a vpc address .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  pulls   reissues
truth:  pulls   eip

test:  test error handling of invalid operands patterns .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   dispatch
truth:  test   operators

test:  adds user to a user with a given document .
truth: add user default . 
test:  add   pending
truth:  add   default

test:  returns the currently active kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  get   searching
truth:  get   architecture

test:  prints a send event handler .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  logs   wait
truth:  logs   servers

test:  return a new widgets that can be used .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  pulls   entries
truth:  pulls   review

test:  connect to the database; see connections .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  function   skips
truth:  function   connections

test:  return the children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   banned
truth:  return   children

test:  returns a status by the given dict of the element with the given header and groups .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  mock mock process dies with error .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  sets   hanging
truth:  sets   variables

test:  calculates the relative extrema of data .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  compute   asserts
truth:  compute   diff

test:  convert the embedded ecdsa key of the specified curve key .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return the single example identified by a python version .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  generate a random string of n with specified n .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  returns the williams frequencies of a directed network .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  return   translated
truth:  return   g

test:  register a hosting service .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  register   chew
truth:  register   service

test:  the regularized function to calculate the parameters of the normal distribution .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   optimizes
truth:  return   reservations

test:  render an http error page .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  find a list of nodes matching the xpath matching the xpath text .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  using   looping
truth:  using   node

test:  clears the user info from the requestor .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   modbus
truth:  clears   cookie

test:  return a list of objects with all objects of nodes: objects with matching difference between the gc output matching the gc class .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  convert a row of label to a dict of labels .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  returns   quotes
truth:  returns   map

test:  initialize a report report on report .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  creates   teardown
truth:  creates   type

test:  return current transport of error .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  run   receiving
truth:  run   js

test:  writes the previous text to the given stream .
truth: like write . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  builds the operations adding desired criterion to given campaign .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   break
truth:  builds   operations

test:  open an correlation file by filename .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  sets up the kill environment variables .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  loads   solve
truth:  loads   settings

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  handle uncaught request .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  pulls   surrounding
truth:  pulls   processor

test:  wait until the system has been reached to finish .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  wait   cie
truth:  wait   predicate

test:  convert uuid to the uuid .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  setup the pid for a process .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return a tuple of tuples of all the branches .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix value .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  lists wiki templates documents by tdef .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  returns   derive
truth:  returns   templates

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  group the file or directory of a file .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the specified partition from lvm cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  report   grouping
truth:  report   system

test:  adds a ngram ngram string to a specific token .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  get the list of available auth auth .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  parses a set of inline identifiers .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   urlencode
truth:  parses   item

test:  returns a filter and integer representing a locale .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  to suspend a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  suspend   hostname
truth:  suspend   vm

test:  return a list of all containers that belong to a particular state .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  stop   unpatch
truth:  stop   matching

test:  change the system state to run cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  change   easing
truth:  change   runlevel

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  unregister a named path - ie .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  returns a set of number of bits of bits .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  check to see if a cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if the function is a method of a callable .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  return   overlay
truth:  return   func

test:  render a template into the same namespace .
truth: render config template . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  get the class from the module .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  return the block of a block in a google search .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  suggest   encapsulates
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the distro id for the release of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  check if the template has been set correctly .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   storing
truth:  validate   template

test:  tests that the decimal decimal values are properly in the right decimal .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove special folders which are created only english by the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  build an option from wire and a place** value .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  serve a thumbnail based on a source archive .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   pulls
truth:  serve   null

test:  fill the repositories repositories for the file .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  test that we can display a convolutional attribute and monitor and monitor .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert between 'default and a queue .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  converts   scaled
truth:  converts   queue

test:  returns the url to a content to install the article .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  set the verbose output of the verbose window .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  set   lowercases
truth:  set   verbose

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  evaluate native python 2 .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  evaluate   pulls
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  hashes header matches the quantum header .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  get the llamalab notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  train a set of iis into one of iterations .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  do   retrieved
truth:  do   iteration

test:  split a mime_type string into its component mime type and target types .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  split   teardown
truth:  split   type

test:  create status .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pending
truth:  creates   default

test:  return instances that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   subtracts
truth:  return   backups

test:  return the complex matrix of the normal distribution .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  assuming   named
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  encodes   simulating
truth:  encodes   input

test:  helper to check the new version of the repository or raises exception if we are not a namespace .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  reset django database .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  executes   setup
truth:  executes   equivalent

test:  creates a new blockdevicedeployer on the cursor to use the supplied test .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  return linear unit function of the logistic function .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  rectified   reported
truth:  rectified   function

test:  returns the image description from a dict like a unix image shape and description .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  update the date/time on the local machine or the node .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   terminate
truth:  update   password

test:  copy data to be pickled .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  returns the current page index .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  match the money with the given digits .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  clip image by taking images .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  perform   combine
truth:  perform   transformation

test:  return the cached requirements dictionary build a specified requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  add vector3 to paths .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   ip
truth:  add   paths

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  extract a key from a document_pb .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  create a new network attach spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  uses the authfunc=somepackage of the output of a snippet is new colors .
truth: print returns . 
test:  print   stream
truth:  print   returns

test:  this check ensures that the appropriate format correctly combines a unit format and the appropriate format .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a dict with the entire key .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a path initial element or none if path is a valid url .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  updates an users password .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   post_save
truth:  updates   metadata

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with exponents .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  load all certificates for a given directory .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   review
truth:  load   keys

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  iterate over all format found in the format of this module .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  coerce a value to a dictionary .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  marks a course handler as access to the given course or action .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  normalized mutual information between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  normalized   tile
truth:  normalized   information

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  this is a helper method used to replace the given file with the given filename and writes it .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  helper to call the modbus field or electric .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  do   flattening
truth:  do   field

test:  get all the parent files containing a list of strings split .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  disassociate eip disassociate address .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  disassociate   reissues
truth:  disassociate   eip

test:  execute an answer .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  return first power of 2 of p and q .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  expected value of the center of a and b .
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  yaml: cucumber-testresult build a build for the project .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  gets list of interfaces and sqlite interfaces .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  thin wrapper around timeuuid .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  pulls   migrates
truth:  pulls   reduction

test:  returns a list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the hmac-sha256 value for two arrays .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  compares   sleeps
truth:  compares   equality

test:  return the gethostbyname_ex host name .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return a list of datacenters .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   allocate
truth:  ensuring   user

test:  returns a string containing a host:port scheme .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  elementwise sign function .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  regression test for sigusr1 .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a conn object for the specified vm .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  updates a floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  updates   embedded
truth:  updates   example

test:  makes a component of component .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  given   msg
truth:  given   component

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  delete a floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  deletes   containing
truth:  deletes   ip

test:  return the instance for the specified instance .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  checks if the given crypto is available for the given crypto .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  checks   constrained
truth:  checks   functions

test:  return the parser class from the parser_name module .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  helper to set a handler for say() .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  construct   export
truth:  construct   tuple

test:  returns the group type given a type name .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  get   default
truth:  get   part

test:  find all enabled plugins for a hac .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  pull   related
truth:  pull   supervisor

test:  returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a path such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a list of otu sample ids that are otu much much much samples .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  make   declared
truth:  make   samples

test:  yields the path to the best best targets for the given list of targets .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  generates   reveal
truth:  generates   sequence

test:  adds a new homedrive cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  make sure a string is cleaned up .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  quote -> string return a quoted version of the string escaped .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  ensure   exposes
truth:  ensure   values

test:  create a user from the postgres server .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  creates   allocate
truth:  creates   user

test:  authorize a cache security group to a cache security group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  authorize   killed
truth:  authorize   network

test:  widget tooltip construction for the file and merge the tool links .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  example: assignjs output by the progress progress list .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  when a package exits .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  pulls   disables
truth:  pulls   datetime

test:  x is n*m matrix if x is mutual .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tests serializing userforeignkey in a translated field .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  tests   flattening
truth:  tests   field

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  yaml: gatling set pending build status on gatling .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set up the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   leave
truth:  set   switch

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   based
truth:  represent   address

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   resamples
truth:  get   zones

test:  return the ip address from a http request object .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  make a fake pickleable object that is pickleable .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  dumps a secure dump to all configuration .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  pulls   reshapes
truth:  pulls   serialization

test:  returns whether the survey is a required descriptor to a required course .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  returns   remap
truth:  returns   survey

test:  like :func:escape but returns a boolean .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  skip a pixel whitespace at position data .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  helper for cross cross test .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  execute   reported
truth:  execute   function

test:  returns the best available local time zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  compares   suggests
truth:  compares   timezone

test:  for a --unit .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  returns an array of floats matching the given interval .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  index request .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  index   bring
truth:  index   page

test:  list the packages which should be installed with the given prefix .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  filter   plot
truth:  filter   apps

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   guessing
truth:  clean   namespace

test:  logs out the user and displays you are logged out message .
truth: log out . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  associate media instance with this media list of media descriptor .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  find   switch
truth:  find   list

test:  converts an array to a new numpy array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if and only if the defined user is the name of its defined in rfc 2822 .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  ensure that given }isnotpresent' is absent .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  check if the given interface is a default interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  checks   paging
truth:  checks   interface

test:  check if an user is selected .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  saves   widgets
truth:  saves   responses

test:  show the bokehjs bokehjs is installed .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  print   tile
truth:  print   information

test:  iterates over a resource from the configuration file .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   choice
truth:  returns   formats

test:  test that a leading issues with a sheet_codename column .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  json serializer for objects not serializable by default json code .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  return the path to the weather driver for a rackspace .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns the name of the current python binary .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  take elements of a sequence and return a tuple containing nested values .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  insert   maps
truth:  insert   locations

test:  find the iterator for a given message .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  iterate   pulls
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return the information for a package from the specified package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  check variable variables required to support certbot .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  gives   step
truth:  gives   names

test:  return a nova .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  optimization -> sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  parse   merge
truth:  parse   iso

test:  display whether or not the computer will sleep on a power button cli example: .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   follows
truth:  displays   button

test:  run a subprocess with args .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  handle   optimized
truth:  handle   script

test:  create a celery app instance configured with context .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  creates   mutes
truth:  creates   app

test:  execute a command .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  generate a url to be used by anonymous and be used in token .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  generates   allocate
truth:  generates   user

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  load a single sdk check .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  decorator that checks if the user has supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  signal handler for all pending lookups on sender .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  corrects a context from a dict and ignore it in a list .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the server version for the passed server .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  return the current window that is where the first iteration is running .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  format a timestamp in human readable form .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  formats   r^2
truth:  formats   form

test:  call thing in a single function if it does not return .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  pulls   appending
truth:  pulls   thing

test:  marks a lists values as satisfying a given type constraint .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   exposes
truth:  marks   values

test:  order all /etc/portage/package .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  place   unescaped
truth:  place   entries

test:  check docstring docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  revoke a cache security group from an elb to a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  revoke   killed
truth:  revoke   network

test:  stop the specified service occurred .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is the function that checks if the user presses the request .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  determines   allocate
truth:  determines   user

test:  return dataframe with ros .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  pulls   align
truth:  pulls   observation

test:  make sure the user is not in the cookiecutter .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  returns the current line number within a line .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  create a new iscsi target .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return the vdi for a disk image .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  determine if the partition does not conform to partition .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  checks   emulate
truth:  checks   disk

test:  test interpolate stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  return a dataframe indicating the supplied number and end backend and for sqlite .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if a table fails with no twoline is specified .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  get the packed address string from the data .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   height
truth:  create   lot

test:  returns the random text of the node node .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  pulls   parameter_list
truth:  pulls   formatter

test:  returns a carrier description for the given phonenumber object .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  converts the slice of a slice into a slice string .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   be
truth:  remove   acl

test:  execute sql database against all sql statement .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  convert a number to the colors .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  stretch   utf-8
truth:  stretch   argument

test:  return urlparsed url without the argument string .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  monitor the operation on a specified operation .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  monitor   colored
truth:  monitor   operation

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  check if string is sslerror .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return a namespace string from the given namespace .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert th event to simple greeting .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   distance

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  list network interfaces within a virtual network .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  this is intended to be used in the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   encapsulate
truth:  sets   instance

test:  perform an sufficiently raised for the class conflict .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  move for useless .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  fill   pulls
truth:  fill   null

test:  creates a new vocabulary for the given figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  release the cythonize extensions for the release with cpp .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get the radius from vector3 and xml element .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   confine
truth:  get   xmlelement

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   supports
truth:  creates   text

test:  calculate the hash of a given token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   scop
truth:  hash   token

test:  delete a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  return the first file data from a specified db .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  create a test suite for the provided module .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  map   tear
truth:  map   module

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  fake   randomise
truth:  fake   message

test:  return the version of the current linux commit .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  get   orthoganlize
truth:  get   hash

test:  add a managed instance for a specified instance .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  run   encapsulate
truth:  run   instance

test:  returns the serialization statement for the given atomic type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  select core .
truth: test core . 
test:  test   hydrate
truth:  test   core

test:  this is shannons than the x parameters logbase : ndarray .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return tool data for tool .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  returns an parsed file containing the information and the value of the file info from a parsed upload .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  return the backup block device for the volume .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  adds a message with the success level .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  return the weeks of a vector field .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  return   gives
truth:  return   days

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  fetches the message of the given exploration id .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   randomise
truth:  fetches   message

test:  returns the composite index for all the composite settings .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   undo
truth:  refresh   grains

test:  encode a string with base64 encoded with respect to an ascii sequence .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  check that the keeps advanced is ready to the same .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  rename a notification lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  rename   pulls
truth:  rename   null

test:  trying to test with a bug that doesnt choke on demand .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert the index of a index to tellstick .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  transform   bump
truth:  transform   definitions

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  class decorator to add a known class bases if it has a known method .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  returns   ayoung
truth:  returns   base

test:  deserialize a stream or a string like object into a python value .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  print out the stream of a stream .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   blacklisted
truth:  print   attachments

test:  helper function to create a new index role .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  check if a vlan exists on the cluster or if an host exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  load config file into config file .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  set environment variables for the inbox .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  import the given python module using the given name .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  create a new .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  build   recreate
truth:  build   portion

test:  returns the symmetric parameter value .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  return   serve
truth:  return   mod

test:  return the description of a url and a dict .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  set the saved filter output .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  sets   capturing
truth:  sets   error

test:  returns a fixture that astropy from the genesis fixture .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  read   unsqueeze
truth:  read   fixtures

test:  check if a string looks like a uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  parses the input data as a boolean value .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  this function takes a string .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  explode   server_root
truth:  explode   opts

test:  list all installed servers .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  manage   wait
truth:  manage   servers

test:  parse an expression as a jumpserver expression .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   sums
truth:  parse   expression

test:  create a new chart chart with labelkw['xgrid'] .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  generates the list column clusters into the given cluster .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  return   clusters

test:  set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   grouping
truth:  set   system

test:  change frequency of daily search thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   heres
truth:  change   frequency

test:  call storing unicode on characters .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  rfc2822 the crop of a ring such that a python image is called with the corner of the first element is different .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  given   forwards
truth:  given   image

test:  extract a list of changes between the models that have been related and the field .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  return   unrooted
truth:  return   differences

test:  parse bson grant routes for an interface .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  extract labels and interactive tags with the given tag .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  create an appropriate channel that are moved to unit_2 note that the channel setting are matched in channel .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  time   support
truth:  time   time

test:  create a tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   unparsing
truth:  creates   git

test:  returns the url for a backend [instance] in devappserver2 .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  sends an email .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  pulls   factorize
truth:  pulls   verification

test:  get the name of the folder containing the dumped path .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   suggest
truth:  get   folder

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be done in a figure .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  checks to see if a string could possibly be a number or not .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  checks   sparks
truth:  checks   number

test:  get the parent of the process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  is   dumping
truth:  is   patch

test:  return a graph from an approximate matrix of the graph g .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  creates   publish
truth:  creates   graph

test:  create a style style for the given guid and all the codes .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a random string of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  tests that the creation does not crash with long .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  extracts env variables of xml attributes .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  find files <path> with a given user from a given node .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  listens   failed
truth:  listens   contributor

test:  parses the given date and returns a datetime object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  gets   temperature
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of server ids to check to make it available on some cpg .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  return the lower axes from a lower bits as a function of data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   hsv
truth:  load   grammar

test:  returns from the directory .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  step 4 replaces -ic .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  the psea command line utility function .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   flattens
truth:  run   output

test:  like node .
truth: like node . 
test:  like   looping
truth:  like   node

test:  replacement for the application .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  configures   obj
truth:  configures   filters

test:  execute command output .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  disable the original base class .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  like safe .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   blink
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   shed
truth:  transform   exception

test:  lookup the current resource from the comment for a period .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  convert a size in bytes into megabytes .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  this function ensures that the filters contains only files and returns a new one .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   unescaped
truth:  generates   entries

test:  clears accumulated statistics for the given microsite layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  clear   step
truth:  clear   names

test:  return a tuple containing all unicode fields defined in the given array .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  returns   flow
truth:  returns   fields

test:  returns random string value with provided number of characters separated by stripping .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  call the ftperrorsif .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  return   ssl
truth:  return   errors

test:  return the given object and for the given what type is a valid what it should be returned .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  parses the specified fault and returns a new object .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  pulls   label
truth:  pulls   custom

test:  convenience wrapper to ignore keywords that checks the given string is not currently ignore .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict that match the given and locates the case .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   guessing
truth:  filter   namespace

test:  return the data as a tuple containing the training data .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  compiler the use the given compiler tree on the compiler .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  expand   exception
truth:  expand   macros

test:  test efficient vertex points .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   splitting
truth:  test   surface

test:  set up logging for log output .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  configure   forbid
truth:  configure   options

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  register   enter
truth:  register   serializer

test:  converts a datetime to a datetime .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  ensure   img
truth:  ensure   compiler

test:  tear down the test fixtures .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  test   unlinks
truth:  test   fixture

test:  return the the top command line level for a specified subset of images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  import a dsa key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   listen
truth:  import   key

test:  returns the elements in only if two .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  finds   eliminates
truth:  finds   elements

test:  add an exception to the success .
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  return weekly votes .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  keep   bench
truth:  keep   value

test:  returns the storage url for this process .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  returns   building
truth:  returns   tag

test:  return the headers suitable for the given response object .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  retrieves   stubbed
truth:  retrieves   headers

test:  processing the status of a file and return the contents of this file .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   emulate
truth:  reads   disk

test:  return the path where the directory are located .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  yaml: zeromq event plugin publishes .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  return a string like 5 at the given index .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  chisquare goodness-of-fit test the distance matrix this is a wrapper that the distance between the distance matrix and the distance matrix .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  pulls   integrating
truth:  pulls   scipy

test:  setup the itunes sensor platform .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return the array of all comments in root separated cms .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  generates a snippet of for each individual token and the first two tensors .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns the results of available aggregate functions .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  find the python file given its name .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  clones an existing virtual machine if not provided .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   rising
truth:  clones   group

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  require   chew
truth:  require   service

test:  decorator that checks if a given user is associated with the current editor .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait for a given instance to be used as a separate .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  closes   extracts
truth:  closes   socket

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  get the cmd environment variable name .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  logs   checking
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates a new options for use as the given scope .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  tests whether theres no expr at the bottom given .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  return a dictionary with the keys of the dictionary to update the given dict .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  add   scans
truth:  add   pairs

test:  create a continuous random variable with a laplace distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the next week for the passed length .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  removes a whole file .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  check   reverses
truth:  check   services

test:  returns an index object by given name .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  test for get word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test that {% page can be explicitly .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   unlocking
truth:  copy   source

test:  return the information for a jid .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  generate   requesting
truth:  generate   i

test:  return a mock for the given tree .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  check   localize
truth:  check   reference

test:  remove the extension code for the given module .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  unregister   batch
truth:  unregister   code

test:  parse a string referring to a string .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   gauss
truth:  interpret   strings

test:  saves a editor to the database .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  called   seconds
truth:  called   editor

test:  execute queries against pillar data .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  return the vpn status .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  gets   point
truth:  gets   status

test:  generate a random side on the x-axis line: .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  create   small_stmts
truth:  create   line

test:  gets the necessary version of this checker .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  returns a httpresponse with the result of this project .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  turn   install
truth:  turn   response

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   vms
truth:  mark   thread

test:  return the cache file .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   safe_octal
truth:  walk   class

test:  a slightly modified blocks that configures the loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  returns   breaking
truth:  returns   candidates

test:  test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  test   centralized
truth:  test   backup

test:  add a handler for adding handler to the internal handler .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  runs the pyflakes function across every package in a python package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return details about all elasticache table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  describe   bounds
truth:  describe   table

test:  only load if apf exists on the system .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  frees a list of audio output .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  frees   switch
truth:  frees   list

test:  returns a function that creates a new composite key for the specified kind .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   supports
truth:  read   text

test:  given a filename .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   wanted
truth:  given   filename

test:  checks if the user has an permissions on the given thread .
truth: check acls . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for each node of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  decrypt the aes ciphertext .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   pulls
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  validate the file or block device .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  compare   forgets
truth:  compare   filesystem

test:  parses a property that has a property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   were
truth:  parses   property

test:  handles the pending synloop connection .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  blocking   chown
truth:  blocking   loop

test:  extract the source code of a code for a valid code code object .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  factory function that returns a new libguestfs instance .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if a given key exists in the system .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a sphinx .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  patch   documentation

test:  return the first old connections based on the user model and the user_id chooses .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  gets   differentiate
truth:  gets   accounts

test:  set quota usage with specified and multiple types for a resource .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  set   compose
truth:  set   usage

test:  return the list of virtualenv which a virtualenv is in .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  return the zero point of *a* in radians as a list .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  memset on the pointer taken size .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  fill   hover
truth:  fill   bytes

test:  queries the value for a given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the elliptical in the polygon of a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  like web .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  yield chunks of data from a file this is just a easy .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  generates random word of random word .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  returns   carve
truth:  returns   word

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  convert an array to the position of a tuple of mostly to the shape value .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  return   overwrites
truth:  return   shape

test:  displays complete data for all variation .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  using a job status you might have been logged in this template .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  notify   deregister
truth:  notify   jobs

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns the thing as a string .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   inserted
truth:  parses   saml

test:  make sure a test is running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  configure blueprints defined app .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  configure   registering
truth:  configure   views

test:  remove optional dicts from a list .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> host_from_gpu dot -> host_from_gpu .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  gpu_from_host   boot
truth:  gpu_from_host   dot

test:  counts the number of elements in an iterator .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  return the harris points of distance .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  return whether or not a ratelimited is a ratelimited object .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  pulls   resolved
truth:  pulls   threads

test:  return a metadata dict with all pairs of the provided metadata in it .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  helper to get module version .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return event data to remote .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   lowering
truth:  return   postgres

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  create   score
truth:  create   staff

test:  create and return the specified file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  calculate a list of tuples .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  return   quoting
truth:  return   comma

test:  link to a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  pulls   present
truth:  pulls   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  start the stopped component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  yaml: grails publish grails during the build .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroy a user .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  unregister   hostname
truth:  unregister   vm

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  convenience function to open a temporary file and return it .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  checks that we are the minimum python version .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  checks   flip
truth:  checks   python

test:  reverts the given summary to the given collection id .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  computes   import
truth:  computes   summary

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   constructs
truth:  test   lock

test:  setup the yeelight bulbs .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return the raw http request .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  load a module from a file .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  returns a decorator that catches authentication and optionally add its permission to the provided auth .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  logs a log attribute via an xri .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  log   remove
truth:  log   history

test:  converts a hex string into rgb form .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  change   detects
truth:  change   color

test:  create a class .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  string that initiate a string with an expression to the real expression .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  exception   negate
truth:  exception   resource

test:  checking of checking for type parameter .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  guarantee   intersect
truth:  guarantee   picks

test:  waits for the element to become shown in the behave element .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  returns the name of the tempdeny that the file is a folder .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   evpn
truth:  create   schema

test:  return a handle of runlength records from a file handle .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  return the luhn card for a given string .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  test   sparks
truth:  test   number

test:  like :func:escape but return strings .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  pulls   predicate
truth:  pulls   sql

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   strided
truth:  evaluates   cosine

test:  wraps a sequence of icon to log .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  function   decimals
truth:  function   storage

test:  fake function to support html as a json string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  make text horizontally .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated message is errors with the given dict .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   shed
truth:  raising   exception

test:  normalize a string .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  create a network in the network device .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  show the ylimits of the skeiniso against an image .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  show   forwards
truth:  show   image

test:  the schema to be rendered on the api .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  given a python name in the null encoding name .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   stores
truth:  encode   name

test:  issue #672 .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the text with the given text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  unlock the given lock .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a python object into a dict of instance[key] .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source to the system .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   pulls
truth:  instructs   null

test:  find the gradient and direction for a volume .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  correct   swaps
truth:  correct   faces

test:  loads an output notebook and returns the output .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  configure   currents
truth:  configure   state

test:  return true if python module exists .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  checks   downloading
truth:  checks   package

test:  return the comment for the given action .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  return   tracks
truth:  return   urls

test:  render a template into a file .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  sets the modules to the os output .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  like the product of a specific square tensor .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  compute   registers
truth:  compute   product

test:  if you already have a valid identity and either a valid identity or username .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  deletes a vpc peering connection between two vpcs .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   trivial
truth:  delete   connection

test:  validate that the rate rate limiting is specified in the chain .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  pulls   lash
truth:  pulls   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   pulls
truth:  needs   null

test:  find the occurrences of occurrences of a setext .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  return   maps
truth:  return   locations

test:  reference a repository reference to a repository reference .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  set   displaying
truth:  set   ref

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  list permissions for a certain resource .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  list   expand
truth:  list   permissions

test:  return true if folder is hidden in folder exceeds the same folder .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  parse a full http range string and return a tuple of the form .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  returns   throttle
truth:  returns   unit

test:  return the number of f in the array of any incremented matrices .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  convert a decrypt volume to a unix volume name .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  convert   aligns
truth:  convert   volume

test:  returns the matrix to be used as the options in the offset .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  identify   exposes
truth:  identify   values

test:  displays a dashboard add .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  add   reserializes
truth:  add   widget

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  pulls   act
truth:  pulls   categories

test:  an oauth-compatible unicode string in both python 2 and 3 .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  setup   utf-8
truth:  setup   argument

test:  this function takes a string and returns a bool .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  fake   carry
truth:  fake   test

test:  returns cards in memcache if it contains one of the locks .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return whether or not a pattern is equal to a present frame .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  computes   github
truth:  computes   frame

test:  returns error code .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  lookup   unpublicizes
truth:  lookup   description

test:  yaml: exclusion exclusion files are compatible with exclusion .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  decorator that checks if the user is registered and is a registered signed signed .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  resolves a file path to a list of paths and returns a list of paths .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  convert a hex string to a r .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  gets skype without current modification method .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  sends a simple notification on assigned to command .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  like string .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  conditionally checking storage repository for a given repo .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  recursively convert string .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  return a intersection graph with randomly chosen attribute sets for each node that are of equal size (k) .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  return   greps
truth:  return   intersection

test:  returns a list of articles that apply to passed in topics and products .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  returns a batch of updates from the given graph and brick the dataset .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  convert items to xml .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  convert   enhance
truth:  convert   items

test:  train a model class .
truth: train model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  a connected to the daemon .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  read   resetting
truth:  read   reply

test:  issue the message with the pilight status .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  fire   randomise
truth:  fire   message

test:  interactive array must be an array or here .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  constructs   restrict
truth:  constructs   array

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  delete   imsave
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  return the scope of the milestones for an api call .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  list all users on a database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  list   registering
truth:  list   views

test:  deletes the given argument by the positional arguments or tuple .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  joins   maps
truth:  joins   locations

test:  change the type of expression to @foo .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  code   unlocks
truth:  code   lexer

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: name .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  regression test for a table with the referencing key .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  calculate the calculate .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  return a list of sql statements required to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  send a task hook which will log its wcslib_wrap to a defined task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  returns the number of instances that are set for the given module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   capture
truth:  write   bit

test:  simple view that returns the request meta as a simple request .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  build a full test harness: client - worker + start flow .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  check that the value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  return the return the return the list of 'dashboard dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  adds / directories to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  adds   ip
truth:  adds   paths

test:  compute the difference between the form of a form .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  if we are running as stdin .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  calls   imposes
truth:  calls   f

test:  check that this value is valid and should be validated .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  validates   translates
truth:  validates   flags

test:  shutdown the connection to the proxy device .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  alias for alpha*pos(x) .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  pulls   protects
truth:  pulls   args

test:  convert strings to unicode objects .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   mounts
truth:  convert   objects

test:  unpack the data to a usable format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   restoring
truth:  unpack   data

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  pulls   template
truth:  pulls   sitemap

test:  transforms the output of parse() into tree .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   removing
truth:  transforms   parse

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return the package info that are installed .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  gather   raised
truth:  gather   distributions

test:  a decorator to bad methods for mask and patch its final methods on certain node .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  same as a is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  note   created
truth:  note   mode

test:  adapt the given expression to a serializable using the data or unicode .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  adapt   teardown
truth:  adapt   type

test:  returns a list of twisted trees .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  pulls   handles
truth:  pulls   site

test:  make sure the user can startup startup .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  test that a file extension is accepted .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   labeled
truth:  require   file

test:  process telnet data .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  process   extract
truth:  process   version

test:  parses a command tag and returns a list of alias objects .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  match   supports
truth:  match   text

test:  return a source_path version of a source file .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  check that pathological happens evaluation and the right report evaluation .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  helper to create histogram summary layer for activations .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates the given name against the brackets .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  check   error
truth:  check   bracket

test:  a decorator to ensure that the driver method is being used .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  log   includes
truth:  log   entrance

test:  gets the specific url from the tismd .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  get   interpret
truth:  get   dashboard

test:  write one unit at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   throttle
truth:  write   unit

test:  return a set of all unique updates .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  converts a code to a dict of exception instances .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and return if not installed .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the number of non-zero elements .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  ordered   databook
truth:  ordered   comparison

test:  fetch the libzmq for an libzmq .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  show   usage
truth:  show   rows

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  handles   exposes
truth:  handles   values

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find the colorspiral original_location between two points .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  pulls   patches
truth:  pulls   permutations

test:  gets the data that formats a json schema that formats the current token as a string .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  gets   restoring
truth:  gets   data

test:  returns the index of the block helper .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  produce   cleaning
truth:  produce   matrix

test:  function to decide which calculators the update function is available .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clean up the old jobs from the master .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  called   rescales
truth:  called   event

test:  method to create a class object for a given object .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user/group and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  stop a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   forwards
truth:  threshold   image

test:  return user_ids public activity break from user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  converts newlines to a pretty file .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  helper to print a method to be invoked with a parallel .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  create   located
truth:  create   method

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  register a process handler for the given pid .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  retrieves the event transaction id .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  retrieves   cast
truth:  retrieves   transaction

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   flip
truth:  apply   python

test:  returns the provider header after the given accept header .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  choose   teardown
truth:  choose   type

test:  this returns the last child of all of the user for the given course .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  converts the given string to a notebook on disk .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   centers
truth:  search   labels

test:  transform the first n of the integer n .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  apply   review
truth:  apply   keys

test:  parse a string referring to the given operations .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  validate that the given app is valid .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  check   plot
truth:  check   apps

test:  yaml: scoverage publish trend reports with build .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the base operation on a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  remove   disable
truth:  remove   |

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  print the arguments after a string .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  retrieve usage information for a given project and construct it .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  refresh   catching
truth:  refresh   quota

test:  return the input that contains the inputs that are shared and output of the minimum elements .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  extract   hanging
truth:  extract   variables

test:  insert and start the environment .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  start   pts
truth:  start   rpc

test:  update blog posts .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  create a user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  generate flocker keypair for a given keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the maximum statistic for each non-singleton np .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  calculates   stopped
truth:  calculates   statistics

test:  return the row of a list of two-element objects .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  translate   step
truth:  translate   names

test:  disk image types are used to determine the kernel .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   bartels
truth:  clear   contents

test:  return dataset information from a specified package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  copies the system id for the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   search
truth:  sets   d

test:  closes out the user already logged in the new draft .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterate the correct position of the statements of the underlying function over all the statement over the given statements .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  verify that message is a valid message for the value .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  return whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with the backend of a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper function to fill an output variable with a specified name .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  newegg a soundcloud text for the null account .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copies   restrict
truth:  copies   array

test:  helper function to return a single brick for brick .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  pulls   examine
truth:  pulls   brick

test:  cleans a directory tree .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  erase   resample
truth:  erase   directories

test:  preprocesses preprocesses the file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  process   pulls
truth:  process   null

test:  sends a minidom request to the given url .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  pulls   succeed
truth:  pulls   request_response

test:  create the default signal map for this system .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  make   quotes
truth:  make   map

test:  start a given command on the given machine .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  returns the greatest common integral of the order mod .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  return   throw
truth:  return   x

test:  return the unicode name encoded in the head way .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  update a namespace .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   guessing
truth:  update   namespace

test:  return the middle number of bytes needed to represent a string as an integer .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  get   hover
truth:  get   bytes

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the named expression keys .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  returns the number of permutations with this words .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  pulls   proctored
truth:  pulls   sort

test:  return the feature lists that are aliased .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this makes the systems from the specified records .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  returns the content of a message .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test default values are not avail .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   pending
truth:  test   default

test:  get the notify service from devicesif .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  setup the details']['estimate'] platform .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  find the hosts hosts needed for the given server name .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  extract the given html from a url and return a whether it is present .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  parses   building
truth:  parses   tag

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the state to remove runas user to run the user to remove runas the user under which to run
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  make plot for testing .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  load   understemmed
truth:  load   results

test:  return method name for the method where the name is key for the result was found .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  get   specifies
truth:  get   methods

test:  return the label_tag of a test .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  test for launching two points .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the manifest for all addons and the manifest .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  list   bans
truth:  list   resources

test:  create a valid error validator .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  has   pulls
truth:  has   null

test:  publish a collection from figure .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   failing
truth:  publish   style

test:  make a user .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  pulls   skips
truth:  pulls   connections

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  return a dummy variable with a dummy variables .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate regression info that x is still sampled .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   were
truth:  delete   property

test:  return the number of nodes of the machine with the given arch .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  return   borrowed
truth:  return   instances

test:  client-side -> str list of src to a string .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  build a google libcloud credentials for basic credentials .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  obtain   expose
truth:  obtain   credentials

test:  tell the schedule and exits .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  set   rebuilds
truth:  set   scheduler

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   parens
truth:  make   figure

test:  write a x509 file .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  fetch   traverse
truth:  fetch   cert

test:  copy data and mode bits .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  return a generator that will remove links from the url .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  parse the tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   db
truth:  parse   annotation

test:  restful crud controller - used by s3siteautocompletewidget which doesnt yet support filtering to users into the real eye .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  generate a bunch of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  extracts the data from a list of modules with frames .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  reset the cuda used by the bokchoy tests .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clear   brain

test:  convert a dict to a dictionary with duplicate keys .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  return a dict describing all tool files in the repository hierarchy to which the received tool shed repository would as readme .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return certain status cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   point
truth:  display   status

test:  return the children of a cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  returns   banned
truth:  returns   children

test:  fetch the list of file names from s3 if they are available .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   labeled
truth:  fetch   file

test:  parses a column and returns the canonical extension string .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  find the full image where we only collects the given image .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  read the first n bytes from a socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  tries   uncheck
truth:  tries   element

test:  builds a simple web server running on port number .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  pulls   hashing
truth:  pulls   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  generate a wcs from a list of images .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  generates   create
truth:  generates   secret

test:  make a user a member of a user .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  make   archive
truth:  make   member

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  copy source_path from media path to media module .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  takes a string and returns a python position object containing the offset .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  turn   query
truth:  turn   position

test:  execute a remote execution command .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  send a notification via a builtin builtin builtin .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  show   searches
truth:  show   duration

test:  link to a bokeh commit in a course .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  link   cloning
truth:  link   github

test:  this is a cross cross temporary file that creates a temporary dir descriptor within it .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  implementation of dictionary-to-object-translation operations using incautious feeds .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  update or dstpath from srcpath as resource in dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   restoring
truth:  update   data

test:  load a product file .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  assign an appropriate service to the named service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   crack
truth:  assign   _

test:  parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  pulls   browse
truth:  pulls   testsuite

test:  return a single days for the given month and day .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   simplifies
truth:  download   packages

test:  get the name of the configuration for configuration condition .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  list of hosts .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  the main function :return: none .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  entry point for clearing the parent .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  return   reserializes
truth:  return   widget

test:  makes the global scope of the scope dictionary .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   executing
truth:  changes   csrf

test:  returns the name of the author author for the user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  restful crud controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  link content to the language of the different link in the session .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  return the sum of sequences that are calculated to auto points in auto order .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  compute   analyzes
truth:  compute   size

test:  help function to allow overriding to ensure that boxes is run in parallel .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  create a form that renders a form with no arguments .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   storing
truth:  create   template

test:  expands the given plugin to the database .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  manage   try
truth:  manage   checkout

test:  returns the entity set of an entity key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  get   daemonize
truth:  get   memcache

test:  return a list of the rm modules .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns a list of all available plugin classes .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the list of script choices .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  generates   preselected
truth:  generates   choice

test:  download and save a autostart .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a generator function that et al .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  returns a dict of localizable objects that have a particular unit .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  pulls   obj
truth:  pulls   filters

test:  ensure that c{descendant} cursor is valid .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create a new equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  creates and returns a new instance containing the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  returns   save

test:  expression : minus expression .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  converts a model class to its search for the given search model .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  produce   compress
truth:  produce   db

test:  return a temporary directory path from the given .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  pulls   restructure
truth:  pulls   tmpdir

test:  return the string representation of the geos code for a bokeh domain .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  preprocess   batch
truth:  preprocess   code

test:  try to increase resource limits of the env .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  try   negate
truth:  try   resource

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  project notification view .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  load a module from a file .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  converts a datetime to local time in the given time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  returns multivariate binary classification of a polynomial n in k[x] .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  return   subprojects
truth:  return   multivariate

test:  deprecated data for a function .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  pulls   backup
truth:  pulls   properties

test:  returns a function of a function with a given name .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  match   plan
truth:  match   profile

test:  return the list of file names holding the llite stats .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test populated and first using sax-like .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  test   restoring
truth:  test   data

test:  return traceback of code with traceback and line numbers .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  yaml: critical set pending build status on critical .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write a template from a file .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  token to run system .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  returns the leading coefficient of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  create new zabbix dns .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  load the locustfile path and return a list of components .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   define
truth:  import   path

test:  raising also be used as calling the client to verify that the current class is passed to the old-style class .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  verify   enhanced
truth:  verify   object

test:  return a resource component for component .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  constructs   msg
truth:  constructs   component

test:  context manager to gigabytes .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  return a pydot whose content is a pydot graph and below the given warnings .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  allows to redirect to a user or continue .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  take   knapsack
truth:  take   request

test:  convert s to int or raise .
truth: if not none . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  reconstruct a map of sequences for a given category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  pulls   partitions
truth:  pulls   category

test:  load a modules setting from a module setting .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   init
truth:  load   modules

test:  a copy of tasks into the new task structure and extract tasks from the given object .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  handle   shift
truth:  handle   tasks

test:  return the access token from the application .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse a dict like abc .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the limit for the stripped of x .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  pulls   locks
truth:  pulls   pad

test:  replace placeholders column names and its safe characters to callables .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  fixes   step
truth:  fixes   names

test:  check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   rearranges
truth:  check   import

test:  url lookup for receiving we impute some instrumentation .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  unquotes   define
truth:  unquotes   path

test:  minimum of a tensor over a given axis .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiply   exposes
truth:  multiply   values

test:  returns a sparse matrix with states and states for the given number of stochastic stochastic algorithm that is "left_pad" and states for the dataset .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  compute factors p and q from the private exponent and q .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  compute   view
truth:  compute   q

test:  restart the named network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  do   hostname
truth:  do   vm

test:  check if a file is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  sets the second position of the console input .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  sets   analyzes
truth:  sets   size

test:  get simple argparse parser to determine the parser parser .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  add the x intersection indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   rows
truth:  add   indexes

test:  return a list of strings that are currently in the document .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  determine   bench
truth:  determine   value

test:  modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  return a list of all zookeeper ips .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  returns last web page .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  retrieves service type from function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  retrieves   reported
truth:  retrieves   function

test:  only run config .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   deflate
truth:  test   config

test:  return the aaaa record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  returns the most appropriate language encoding for the given language encoding .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  builds   batch
truth:  builds   code

test:  make a string in a human-readable way .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  find the insert with the given parent of the given parent .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify that parameters passed to cpaste is valid .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  writes the given expression to a file .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  dump   labeled
truth:  dump   file

test:  test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  return true if the url has a url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  returns   eliminating
truth:  returns   cache

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  temporarily patch the django test by an operation on a specific set of values .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the given object is a pointer .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   pulls
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the comment format as specified by the given comment .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return true if the process is swapping to be shared .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  pulls   normalizes
truth:  pulls   loader

test:  the view that behaves xonsh by the xml about an forwards .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  bootstraps   storing
truth:  bootstraps   template

test:  make a new cell .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  return   currents
truth:  return   state

test:  run the given node .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  function   looping
truth:  function   node

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  is used to describe test cases and might in future become helpful as an experimental tutorial as well .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   starts
truth:  is   nothing

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert complex matrices to its argument .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in heap order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the pipe line based on the pipe of the jobs .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  creates a mock .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  prepare   install
truth:  prepare   response

test:  search for series and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints out the host information in the host .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a helper to return the condition .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  return true if all args are true .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  return   protects
truth:  return   args

test:  gets the user name of a user on its auth .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  fuzzy a single mime type from a content-disposition header .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name or domain .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   stores
truth:  unsets   name

test:  this is a helper function that returns a list of all available config configuration .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  updates repo from remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  updates   deployments
truth:  updates   sources

test:  process the xml element by the appropriate xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  is this media player able to this media player .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  is   specifying
truth:  is   player

test:  start the given file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  print current twitter api rate limit status .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   formatted
truth:  print   rate

test:  compares html and return true if expected items are equal .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  return the signature of the signature provided .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  generates   tell
truth:  generates   signature

test:  get grid grid line from bti .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  returns   stacking
truth:  returns   grid

test:  returns all weighers cost .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  return the error driver of the passed error .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   shed
truth:  returns   exception

test:  returns the xsrf token that matches the given entity .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a keyczar space with the given string .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this make the hotfix .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  rename   tuple
truth:  rename   branch

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  return a stream for the given filename .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  quotes   pulls
truth:  quotes   null

test:  return the output of the given encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  settings edit .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  settings   pulls
truth:  settings   null

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test the clickableimage class with the measurement class .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   exposes
truth:  test   values

test:  stop all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  stop   put
truth:  stop   rules

test:  validate that this value matches the regex .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  things to set up later .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the version which is running from the git git if there is a git git version .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  pulls   uses
truth:  pulls   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string into a .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  this function checks that the standard error is found from unnamed file .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  authenticate via http auth .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pulls   wrapped
truth:  pulls   permission

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   bump
truth:  update   definitions

test:  return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  returns a closure of the domains that provided domain .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a list of module names from a list of module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  compute the "resolution along the file_check of a matrix of dimensions .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  perform   deprecated
truth:  perform   interpolation

test:  return the event as if its not already in mappers .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  returns dataset from tsv stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  returns true if the object looks like a list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  given a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  check for installation required file if we want to init .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  function   purging
truth:  function   iff

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic for x given outcome .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  gets the absolute path of the file to be included .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  gets   define
truth:  gets   path

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  checks if the password user has been updated on the current user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  return the introspect instance .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  latest version of the stylesheet for a stylesheet .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  knapsack for the knapsack with the knapsack specified as 1s .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  knapsack   pulls
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  registers or disable matplotlib units .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  register   shortens
truth:  register   classes

test:  update translations in file .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   gauss
truth:  update   strings

test:  converts dtype types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  converts   verify
truth:  converts   stata

test:  parse a identifier source file .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  passes   reencrypt
truth:  passes   start

test:  calculate additional variables for use in the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   skipped
truth:  calculate   use

test:  return a list of the names of the given path exists .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  returns the variable which apply to a variable i .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  pulls   shortcut
truth:  pulls   var

test:  setup the wink platform .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return encoding encoding encoding encoding encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  this function tries to delete the local cache if it exists .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  removes   suggest
truth:  removes   folder

test:  adds a new set of emails to a feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns the status of the local peers .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   lstrip
truth:  generate   set

test:  convert an image to a boolean and if it is also .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  builds the serial port spec .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  check for a group of group that have been modified since the attachment_urls .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  is   map
truth:  is   implementation

test:  determines if a user has add permissions to the staff of a staff based on attachment .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  loads the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  get all repos from the head .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  recursively load all tests and directories .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  load   unload
truth:  load   client

test:  return the default standard error type for this process .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  pulls   finalize
truth:  pulls   firewall

test:  validate an event against an event listeners .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   rescales
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  checks if a user has access to the current password .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  authenticates   responds
truth:  authenticates   database

test:  add point from loop and between loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  decode dataurl characters .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  return the absolute path of a file for directory .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  asserts   define
truth:  asserts   path

test:  send a helpful application from the given address .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns the configuration settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  get   solve
truth:  get   settings

test:  helper for changes to the client .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   commit
truth:  update   repository

test:  create a dyndns for the given axes .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  return the latest common maps for snapshots that are available .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  pick   indexes
truth:  pick   snapshot

test:  check the map of objects for given object .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  slices   transliterate
truth:  slices   variable

test:  returns a list of language codes for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  disassociate all qos specs for specified qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  return the configured data in the master .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  establish   trivial
truth:  establish   connection

test:  return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  estimate the gaussian distribution parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   cleaning
truth:  estimate   matrix

test:  return a list of dictionaries .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  read the cached .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  dump a prepend of mappings for given mappings .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  prepend   inform
truth:  prepend   entry

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  submit user tags .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   drawing
truth:  submit   tags

test:  this is the websocket handler function .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   lets
truth:  is   handler

test:  status view .
truth: status view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones cli example: .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a collection of input init from a collection of field .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   flattening
truth:  pull   field

test:  convert a sequence of tuples to a description .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  describe   currents
truth:  describe   state

test:  make sure the given message was logged via javascript .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  test to make sure that all files still works as expected .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  return   binhexed
truth:  return   tests

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  updates the module in the local package for a given module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  returns an iterator over all elements of iterable .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  checks if the md5 for an md5 file .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  compare   orthoganlize
truth:  compare   hash

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  deletes a single field from the database .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  see   tear
truth:  see   module

test:  given a shell class .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   generating
truth:  return   shell

test:  read user option like user into a sequence of options .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  prompt   allocate
truth:  prompt   user

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  place the database under migration version .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  generate a new url for a given test case .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  function   deflate
truth:  function   config

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  translate camelcasenames to camel case names .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   turn
truth:  translate   case

test:  given an iterator and a list of iterables .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  synchronize   constant_expression_opt
truth:  synchronize   iterables

test:  return true if the system is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  warn   pulls
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the first item in sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  for second weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse the data for the filename and return a list of dictionaries .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  execute a single vm on a host by these its comment to the virtualbox server .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  get_home_dir() uses $home if set .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  using   using
truth:  using   hack

test:  get an immmutable representation of a graph that is needed to compress the specific georss/kml .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  clear   generate
truth:  clear   users

test:  tests that the in-db error is initialized for a project with a sheet_codename project .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  create   unleash
truth:  create   store

test:  produce the given attribute string for the given param .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  the first filter on the outputs that would be far as the randomized filter .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  pulls   locate
truth:  pulls   filtering

test:  build a list of packages based on the command line options .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  construct   instantiate
truth:  construct   arguments

test:  return a list of the active history items for a single active history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  get   branching
truth:  get   progress

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  test that the gpu reader works .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the username for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   text
truth:  change   username

test:  return the status of the current linux distribution .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  show   clones
truth:  show   server

test:  generate a special string of text .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  wrap   drawing
truth:  wrap   tags

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   serialize
truth:  parses   str

test:  turn a wsgi application into a decorator to its wsgiapp .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  pulls   updates
truth:  pulls   wsgi

test:  clean the absolute path separator .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  accepts   define
truth:  accepts   path

test:  convert a string to an array of characters that can be extracted from a cms-signed encoding .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  does   rect
truth:  does   work

test:  convert a binary string to nibbles escape sequence .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   tracked
truth:  convert   s

test:  returns the string represeting of the given album .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  truncate by urllib2 .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter datacenter datacenter .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   determine
truth:  return   projects

test:  fill a single integral signature .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  assuming   tell
truth:  assuming   signature

test:  run the process and return its output as a separate process .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   sqlmap
truth:  get   limit

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  competency controller .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the return of a service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  show   backup
truth:  show   properties

test:  print the path to the bokeh temp files .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  a decorator for a class that uses the creation of a specific test .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  defines   reported
truth:  defines   function

test:  yaml: priority-sorter this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each url .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  print the commands and commands of each line in the cluster .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  point   reported
truth:  point   function

test:  return a slice for attribute-dependent purposes .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  slice   pandas
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return the given indentation to use in subplot .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  return all data for the given user .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  uncache a new .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  ensure   phred
truth:  ensure   caches

test:  decorator for filters which should only failures the given iterator .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  insert the given environment variable with an argument list to root .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  supply   retain
truth:  supply   platform

test:  returns the best if it is in the correspondent estimated .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fsync -> str open the file .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  compile a compiler instance using distutils .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   dst
truth:  compile   c

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  pulls   attacked
truth:  pulls   stats

test:  redirect to current request .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  generate   asserting
truth:  generate   redirect

test:  create refs for pull commit to pull refs .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  pull   pulls
truth:  pull   null

test:  a template tag that returns the url to a file using staticfiles storage backend usage:: {% announcements %}{% %} varname] %} examples:: {% announcements permission_label .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  produce an array of objs .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  concatenate   mounts
truth:  concatenate   objects

test:  query the resource .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  query   negate
truth:  query   resource

test:  parse out the given header into a tuple .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  helper function to make the absolute error to [0 .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  computes   landing
truth:  computes   sum

test:  return a base-36 string hmac .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  trimmed   extract
truth:  trimmed   version

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  compute   contrasts
truth:  compute   digest

test:  return html indicating that the users payment was declined .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  signal   storing
truth:  signal   template

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  receive python installation until they are receive .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  receive   extracts
truth:  receive   socket

test:  parameters obj - the object to be checked returns validator - returns true if obj is a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  min-max softmax of rows x .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  compute   checkout
truth:  compute   way

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or bytes in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return the unicode string used for the given string or unicode .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or output exactly the same sequence or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  return the unit descriptor for the first dimension of eat code .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  read   flattening
truth:  read   field

test:  convert a list to a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  crack part of the matrix n things .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  consume advance the iterator of the iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  formats the total number of seconds into a string of seconds .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  format   suppresses
truth:  format   seconds

test:  deletes request headers whose request are provided and remove the system headers .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  lettuce with colorless 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  testing   flattens
truth:  testing   output

test:  test basic correctness function .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns major version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the course responsible for the xblocks selected information about the xblocks that are the xblocks publish and does not contain the course .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  test fill a none .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  returns the status for a given instructortask entry .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return real .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return true if path is an executable .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  checks whether two floating point values are equal .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  pulls   databook
truth:  pulls   comparison

test:  creates a deferred and adds it to the given deferred .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  skip   cie
truth:  skip   predicate

test:  make sure the given path is not being removed .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  error   lets
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  start the specified time service service service .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  returns a list of the most recent pages in the query string .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  load the cassandra dataset .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  convert a number to a boolean .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  either the or flipping a tree .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  parse   configured
truth:  parse   tree

test:  construct the authn context with a authn context declaration reference .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   colorized
truth:  construct   context

test:  select the list of supported language supported by the installed python values .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   flip
truth:  select   python

test:  unpack the files into the specified files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   paging
truth:  attaches   interface

test:  create a proxy for shell or requirement like proxies .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  instantiate   distribute
truth:  instantiate   proxy

test:  return the match match by the first match the given type .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  search   coupling
truth:  search   target

test:  extract all zip files in the given dir .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   disconnects
truth:  compress   dir

test:  avoid proxmox proxmox work on broadcastable quotes and change it .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the clusters from the config .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  form   restoring
truth:  form   data

test:  returns the string of english article for the word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  decide   pulls
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns the user string contained in the http basic auth .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  given   assume
truth:  given   header

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  checks if the given name is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  test   stores
truth:  test   name

test:  reverse some exception .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  sets the context for the current user .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  adds   hanging
truth:  adds   variables

test:  minimize a function using the downhill fmin .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   reported
truth:  minimize   function

test:  add xml controls to xml etree root of segmented namespaces .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  get   autoencoder
truth:  get   xml

test:  sphinx -> hook .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   repository

test:  given a valid activity manager .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  create a new api that spawns a new api call .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  solves bernoulli differential equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  use pexpect to retrieve the output of show ip int brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  installs setuptools to python setuptools for a setuptools setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value from the given string .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  returns the ith order of a matrix note: currently non-zero elements of a given array .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   packs
truth:  returns   transpose

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  guess the certname for a show config .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  get   trailing
truth:  get   flag

test:  return event data to pg server requires that configuration files provide a tuple of master config .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   clones
truth:  return   server

test:  decorator for methods which need to be used as the module for function .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  construct the snap based on an block volume name .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   recover
truth:  uninstall   gems

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  transforms a list of strings into a series .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transforms   renders
truth:  transforms   series

test:  get the line utility method if the lines index of the start and does not match .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  parse   limiting
truth:  parse   order

test:  creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  add list of all brew brew that should be searched for yesterdays .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  remove   inputs
truth:  remove   monitor

test:  __dunder__ -> utf-8 returns: utf-8 encoded string or :class:multidict .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  validate   shared
truth:  validate   string

test:  gets a valid number for the specified region and number type .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  return the dict of a signin header .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  get all available rules .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   content
truth:  get   globals

test:  return path to a pid or conf file for a bridge/device .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  attach a newline handler to the logger .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the distance between 2 random numbers and upper digit .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  generate   redefine
truth:  generate   slices

test:  converts the classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  convert iso 8601 string in iso 8601 format to iso *dt_val* .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  verify the machine from the machine at the given location .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  report   optimize
truth:  report   quotas

test:  extract the current message and replace it with new settings .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  replace   crack
truth:  replace   _

test:  yaml: tox set environment variables to the build as environment variables .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it should extract the repr string from the scenario .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  implements   crack
truth:  implements   _

test:  test whether two element are not a single numpy .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts the canonical paths to a dotted module name .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  converts   define
truth:  converts   path

test:  return the url to add_tag for the question to display .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  decode a bson oid to python 2 .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   locking
truth:  decode   bson

test:  yield paths/uris of a step log in the given step .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  formats a single file using the specified header and print output .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  generate   publish
truth:  generate   graph

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  returns physmem .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  assert the response was returned with status 200 .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  asserts   install
truth:  asserts   response

test:  execute a query and return the result .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  fetch   xlsx
truth:  fetch   query

test:  copy tag to package_dirpath .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  persist   forms
truth:  persist   result

test:  removes parameters and return a list of parameters .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  append   populates
truth:  append   params

test:  verify that the format format of the whitelist exists .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get policy if one of the configuration file for the desired datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  open and return a greenthreads .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  open   bring
truth:  open   page

test:  this is a generator of parsed groups that provides the minimum of an object of a mercurial sequence is a generator that is of bytes that is just a tool
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  makes sure ast has an review package for a node that is generated .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   throw
truth:  add   x

test:  fixture that returns a lock lock .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  blocking   unlinks
truth:  blocking   fixture

test:  helper to create a com object that can fire a com object args: user_feed: : - that is not used as a dictionary to process the name of a com
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  verifies that a certificate is valid and returns true if a pem less than the rackconnect via settings() .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   post_save
truth:  looks   metadata

test:  this function tries to do the attributes of the two pages .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  prints   minpoly(add
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up an attribute on the given token information about requested scopes .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  retrieves   encapsulate
truth:  retrieves   instance

test:  temperature the preface file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  return the steam result of a karma with the given @hook .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  simple test of using the python-style device .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  m   cleaning
truth:  m   matrix

test:  takes a cron file to determine if it exists .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  traverse up from current directory and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  decorator to skip test unless a function is true .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  iterate over all submodules and directories .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  iterate   unlocking
truth:  iterate   source

test:  configures and sets the configuration variables .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  returns a query containing all available python widgets .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  extract   generating
truth:  extract   shell

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  mask function converts a single string to some i18n .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  implements   control
truth:  implements   generation

test:  validate children .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   banned
truth:  validate   children

test:  run the visible application with the provided settings .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  patch information for a file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf order .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   abort
truth:  return   raster

test:  returns a tuple of violations and pep8 violations .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  converts a string to a message .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return an iterable of extras *p for *p .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  parse   purge
truth:  parse   requirements

test:  process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   eliminates
truth:  get   elements

test:  same as a[b] = a[b] .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs archive cannot reference a history archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   rearranges
truth:  ensure   import

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   protected
truth:  returns   urlconf

test:  convert the drawing mode of a bitmap image to a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  resizes   rabins
truth:  resizes   bitmap

test:  delete an instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns a list of dicts that match the given list of documents .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  returns   initalize
truth:  returns   k

test:  return the gpu memory for gpu .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  pulls   modify
truth:  pulls   gpu

test:  setup the events for a specific file .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  setup   bump
truth:  setup   definitions

test:  return an instance of a mongodb database cli example: .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  get a specific sm backend for a given sr .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   replicate
truth:  get   sm

test:  parse the volume info .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  log a single page from the application level .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  log   knapsack
truth:  log   request

test:  return the escaped html with all rich text .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   supports
truth:  normalizes   text

test:  connect to a database .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  create   access
truth:  create   url

test:  returns a rabbitmq version of the current versions .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  update   extract
truth:  update   version

test:  parabolic cylinder functions .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  compute   annoy
truth:  compute   rank

test:  redirect unix streams if none .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   takes
truth:  redirect   stream

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  verify   created
truth:  verify   mode

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   multivariate
truth:  test   blocks

test:  parse and return examples .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  annotate   failing
truth:  annotate   style

test:  add a user info to an api exam .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  add   colorized
truth:  add   context

test:  strip the plaintext or case of a plaintext quote file .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  strip   supports
truth:  strip   text

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return superimposition matrix by inputted .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  slope of points of xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  display the jupyter notebook blocks .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  gets the set of all anonymous anonymous user accounts using the provided user_id .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  generate a pyherion code that only used to perform the codebase .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  generates   extract
truth:  generates   version

test:  fix the modules to always makes it custom .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  replace   plugin
truth:  replace   division

test:  this is needed as an event handler .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  sets   located
truth:  sets   method

test:  add the directory dir to the list dirlist in dirlist order .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   disconnects
truth:  add   dir

test:  inspect the specified container container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  convenience function for local spaces .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  mapping   mount
truth:  mapping   task

test:  returns the mongo client .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if given distribution is installed in packages .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   threshold
truth:  return   distribution

test:  commit the specified tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  compare two mount and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  assert   childnodes
truth:  assert   timestamp

test:  simple page without template but with internationalization .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  generates   touch
truth:  generates   controller

test:  construct an attribute string from the given xml element .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  convert the regular expression string to a os .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  normalize   define
truth:  normalize   path

test:  item add .
truth: new item form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the prepopulated and ignore the user and inlines .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   linkify
truth:  compute   integer

test:  return the fancy limit for all config files .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  pass   unbinds
truth:  pass   exceptions

test:  return 1 if rgb is negative .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  determine if the named path exists on this node .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   checkout

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  support   colorized
truth:  support   context

test:  remount up a platform or raise pdfstreamerror if needed .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  performs the rsa cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  return true if the url is a scheme .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  check for enough interpolation of enough strings .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  verify   convert
truth:  verify   sequences

test:  w/ w/ flushing on new-style classes .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  pulls   ayoung
truth:  pulls   base

test:  create a node .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  return the long description of a file this is just a wrapper around the following fields .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  check a a trained is valid .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  registers internal trigger types .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  register   autoreleased
truth:  register   types

test:  return the message status message .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  closes   pulls
truth:  closes   null

test:  registers a special log handler for the given handler .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  registers   decorating
truth:  registers   log

test:  verify that the given string is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  returns   kills
truth:  returns   assert

test:  copies a query flag to a file .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   populates
truth:  copies   params

test:  remove the specified prerequisite content usage key .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   encoded
truth:  removes   milestone

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   describing
truth:  remove   listener

test:  removes temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   sleep
truth:  removes   files

test:  shut down the flask process .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  pulls   starting
truth:  pulls   shutdown

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be done in a self .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  internal helper function used to validate the encoding given .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns an exception that extracts the given messages from an error message .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  read mm_stamp tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get a list of column names from the input .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  render an entire oslo_messaging of all the registered site .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  render   renders
truth:  render   series

test:  change process .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  return image with each channel smoothed by the given factor .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  smooth   forwards
truth:  smooth   image

test:  use must be deleted queries .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  adds   expects
truth:  adds   queries

test:  test creating/updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  test   coupling
truth:  test   target

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  wipe   del
truth:  wipe   gcode

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  copies the first root of a square matrix to a minimal angle of ok .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   copies
truth:  get   clusters

test:  decorator for disabling of url namespaces .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  warn   makes
truth:  warn   namespaces

test:  get the local node .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  rename a file or directory .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  renames   enrolls
truth:  renames   destination

test:  converts a string argument to a float number .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   bench
truth:  formats   value

test:  simple function to load the version file without evaluating the version file .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  attempts   extract
truth:  attempts   version

test:  raise error if path does not raise *exc* .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  write a table as py3 for fix empty table .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) on the weak web than the end of its character representation .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  checking that ica contains only ica characters .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   intersect
truth:  check   picks

test:  take a string and process the python symbol and process it is a list of dicts that can be converted to a list .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  return a list of the vms on the cloud provider .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  alternative exception thrown by setting the characters in the exception file to its own error .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  convert   shed
truth:  convert   exception

test:  returns a crc32 distance between two numbers .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  translates a new pair of requests .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  generate   assign
truth:  generate   requests

test:  gets the sibling of this file .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  read   preload
truth:  read   content

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  perform the api on the current machine .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  try   phred
truth:  try   caches

test:  generates a random column of the sample value .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  raises a namespace if its at the same namespace .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  remove unnecessary files in directories .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   printing
truth:  remove   locale

test:  saves the current status to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  saves   iterate
truth:  saves   auth

test:  updates all profilers to db .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  helper method to retrieve the snapshots of a given collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  returns   contained
truth:  returns   snapshots

test:  set a flag for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  return the return information about the configured user .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  exchanges   batch
truth:  exchanges   code

test:  deprecated decorator .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  converts a date to a numpy array if it supports one .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  extract   temperature
truth:  extract   date

test:  method called with an error code logic .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  returns a generator of raw bytes .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  use the compiler module to search for the compiler .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  pulls   hide
truth:  pulls   distutils

test:  determines the template string based on the request and the user in the given request .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  gets   storing
truth:  gets   template

test:  returns a list of regions from country calling code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  change the global repo on this system .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list the image in opennebula .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  implements the efficiently of a given class .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   borrowed
truth:  declare   instances

test:  return active mounts cli example: .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  find a specific search based on the target id .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   registers
truth:  searches   product

test:  return a random string/key of random length .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  take a query string and return a tuple of .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  returns a model class with all non private exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  helper for symlognorm cases of the passed in order to check the volume imports for clashing .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  check   expand
truth:  check   permissions

test:  parse cookies and return appropriate header .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  return a list of string for the specified multiplier .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  returns password in environment or environment .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  get   optimized
truth:  get   script

test:  the exponential linear unit function .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the mysql error .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  look   colorized
truth:  look   context

test:  given a table of key names and a unit map .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  builds   presents
truth:  builds   mapping

test:  ensure that the ast string performs the same strings .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  ensure   gauss
truth:  ensure   strings

test:  compute the scalar statistic for a weighted statistic .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  pulls   plucks
truth:  pulls   window

test:  return the content of a unicode string .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if a sheet exists in the given directory .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a lazy that tells a wsdl with wsdl name .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  convert a string or object to unicode objects .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  detect   tracked
truth:  detect   s

test:  save a text representation of a request .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  this is a helper function that gets an in-memory search to return the configuration of the host information .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  find   hanging
truth:  find   variables

test:  instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   crack
truth:  instantiate   _

test:  callback for change of quota .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   logout
truth:  callback   change

test:  returns the number of megacycles used so far by api calls .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  get   deprecate
truth:  get   cpu

test:  perform a string on a bool based on an ascii character .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generate the staging style file at staging and start with staging .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  rename   sleep
truth:  rename   files

test:  require the templates/project0/ loaded .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  require   stretch
truth:  require   language

test:  train a bunch of threads for a given graph .
truth: train a model . 
test:  train   pushing
truth:  train   model

test:  parse the info from a dict .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  parse   forms
truth:  parse   result

test:  returns changes for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  replace the jenkins function as a python statement or r .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  computes the normal transformation for the normal distribution .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  ask a user to stderr and return a new text .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  prompts   enumerator_list
truth:  prompts   confirmation

test:  perform a nans of an image .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true if the scenario has no tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a tag from tag .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  parse   drawing
truth:  parse   tags

test:  return true if the url is a valid protocol url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  check   delay
truth:  check   conda

test:  the import system import system .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the most recent extensions used for the given markdown type .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   shortens
truth:  get   classes

test:  merge a match into a profiles info .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  converts   stores
truth:  converts   name

test:  adds a template to the context object to the request object access the context of a given template .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  computes the average average average in a step .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  reads the fingerprint of the prereq file and installs it to the local cache .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  create a media permissions on a media user .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  return a path to a directory containing all tests from a given pattern .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  provide   browse
truth:  provide   testsuite

test:  list lists lists .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  show   decoding
truth:  show   lists

test:  prints all the pagination in the specific things .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   revoked
truth:  prints   details

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  checks for two token .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  helper method to parse the stack .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run images in a case of the provisioning filter .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  run   extract
truth:  run   version

test:  set the given properties on an computenode and update it .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  creates   whiten
truth:  creates   computenode

test:  clears all of the given node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  remove   banned
truth:  remove   children

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   included
truth:  pooling   cudnn

test:  return true if a line is visible .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   named
truth:  setup   z

test:  get a list of file extensions in text .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  grab   switch
truth:  grab   list

test:  parses a prefixed dict of prefixed http headers .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   stubbed
truth:  parse   headers

test:  send an email to the currently complete email .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  send   command
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  registration registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  helper to create a character .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  wrap   mail
truth:  wrap   creation

test:  win32 to the call to the server .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  returns a list of path components .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  return   tsv
truth:  return   components

test:  convert a regex .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  pulls   opened
truth:  pulls   re

test:  defines a bug on a given object .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  splits a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  add a new server to a virtual service .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   clones
truth:  add   server

test:  make a generator of object out of a list of pregnancy objects .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  convert a colormap instance to a string if it is a colormap .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  stop a new container container container container id container id timeout : false timeout cli example: .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  converts a dictionary to a dict .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  convert   pushing
truth:  convert   model

test:  fetch a known_hosts result for a frame .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  download   post_save
truth:  download   metadata

test:  remove users in conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   generate
truth:  remove   users

test:  calculate code combinations of code string .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  pulls   parameterize
truth:  pulls   integers

test:  gets the specified api key cli example: .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  get the functions that starts a file or text .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   constrained
truth:  get   functions

test:  construct a new account containing a dataset_id container .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  talk   pulls
truth:  talk   null

test:  returns the argument that is known as specified by the execution .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  gets the set of leading line in our dependency .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  return the number of words in a string .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   minpoly(add
truth:  count   words

test:  only load if the splunk module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   cloning
truth:  load   github

test:  render a file-like uid .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  find the dns record in the user-agent if it is an wrt address and return it is the answer is specified .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  given   union
truth:  given   domain

test:  returns website information for send utility .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  separable xxdot by the given module .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   smooth
truth:  call   vector

test:  create a shift for a given instance of the given region .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  verify that passing the actual package case is the expected .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  default   pulls
truth:  default   null

test:  check the date to make sure that it uses date .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  check   pickles
truth:  check   reverse

test:  a decorator that assign a function to its symbol .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if the given attribute matches the given matcher .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  match   looping
truth:  match   node

test:  test if configoptionparser fails .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return predefined results for command execution .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  apply a palette to a 256 suitable for use with content .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  get   resume
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  parse the extra information to a sff file .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   tile
truth:  parses   information

test:  convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  add the value of a method to an attribute type .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  add   dedent
truth:  add   printer

test:  restful crud controller for membership images .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  compute the reciprocal of the distance matrix as a reference point .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  returns the object stream encoding .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  loads tasks from environment as defined in both 405 and magic key .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  delete one inventory .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  add a certificate private key certificate .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  add   handles
truth:  add   site

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into one .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  given a host and a set of expressions .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  attempt to infer a filename and right : .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  pulls   wanted
truth:  pulls   filename

test:  verify that requirements is a valid requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  creates a new triggerdb db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  create   initializing
truth:  create   trigger

test:  create a container from a running container .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   satisfy
truth:  create   container

test:  takes the response headers and returns a list of responses .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   stubbed
truth:  sort   headers

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle get a handle to a prosite id .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  pulls   wrapping
truth:  pulls   handle

test:  run changed on the given immediately .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  run   navigates
truth:  run   cron

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   downgrades
truth:  command   point

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  returns the native .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  perform the argument of a kind of protocols .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  display the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  set the rate limiting layer for the given rate .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  enable   formatted
truth:  enable   rate

test:  runs the command line interface via exit .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  returns the maximum of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  return current output clients .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns a database under migration control and the number of instances .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   basestring
truth:  place   migration

test:  return code object for given function .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  list all languages languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  set attribute value .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  renders a template for the given object with a template and renders it through the given .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a cgsnapshot .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  test   rendering
truth:  test   routines

test:  creates an mutate group at the given argument .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  makes   localize
truth:  makes   reference

test:  return the deployment_config_file deployment .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  retrieves   killed
truth:  retrieves   network

test:  gets the class of the template attribute for the given template .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return the full url to a url tuples .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse and return the format for yn comments .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create copy or build commands to build .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  minify   receiving
truth:  minify   js

test:  set up the zoneminder component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  return a testcase for an ifilesystemsnapshots class that verify the given ifilesystemsnapshots class decorator .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  create   reflect
truth:  create   testcase

test:  rc4 decryption of encoded data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  rc4   customized
truth:  rc4   salt

test:  write the exported file .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  analyze   labeled
truth:  analyze   file

test:  populate the given function and populate it with the new vdis .
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  used   supplied
truth:  used   api

test:  return the jupyter jupyter .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  make a gem name .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   ripped
truth:  make   gem

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test installing package support .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  like horizontal but returns a horizontal object .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  stack   pulls
truth:  stack   null

test:  process the pid of a process instance .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test that we can remove nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  test   embedded
truth:  test   example

test:  update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   resolving
truth:  update   defaults

test:  convert a vector to an array of matrices .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  builds   divides
truth:  builds   matrices

test:  retrieves all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  cycle through all cleaned sources and cycle .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  emulate   pings
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  checks if a backend is valid and not present in the notes process .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  tests that hugs nullable type successfully works as expected .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   enhanced
truth:  update   object

test:  get a list of matplotlib backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  writeable file object that is saved to a temporary file .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  open   enhanced
truth:  open   object

test:  read an image file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  return pytree content types that should be used only images .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  a decorator that forces optional context for the given context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  parses a command line option and returns a tuple containing the options list .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  used   float
truth:  used   decorator

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   display
truth:  command   print

test:  load a remote branch into a remote machine .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  deploy   cloning
truth:  deploy   github

test:  returns the item item needed for xpath doc .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  fetch   bounds
truth:  fetch   table

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  wrapper around echo calls .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a csv file .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  read   store
truth:  read   memory

test:  configure site ie .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  setup   bounds
truth:  setup   table

test:  return an integer salts public keypair .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  generate   unlock
truth:  generate   keypair

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  test   equalize
truth:  test   email

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outline   del
truth:  outline   gcode

test:  plot the time .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plots   import
truth:  plots   summary

test:  validate that the results of padlen is valid .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  pulls   visit
truth:  pulls   padding

test:  returns the provided strings that are equal to the two strings of equal length .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  string   databook
truth:  string   comparison

test:  computes the rectified linear moment of square .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  compute   restrict
truth:  compute   array

test:  a neighbor decorator based on its ftp .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  validates a given field on markdown .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  escapes   supports
truth:  escapes   text

test:  solves separable order order order eq differential equation with respect to func .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  returns the error message in the provided error tree .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  does a file have a necessary sdk .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   allowed
truth:  connect   aws

test:  deletes the given item used for a given user .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  deletes   bdecodes
truth:  deletes   xblock

test:  extract module_content .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  for debugging .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  debugging   reported
truth:  debugging   function

test:  does the opposite of the given document .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  split the numpy array of a numpy expression and right filter .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  split   rrmgr
truth:  split   threshold

test:  agent add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  disable the value look like modem .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  check for single _ paths .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  given a truncated item .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  check   temperature
truth:  check   date

test:  expression_opt : unary_expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   pulls
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  return hardware information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return a list of available tenants cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  computes theano gradient for the moving average of the model .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  pulls   increment
truth:  pulls   gradient

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the list of all available footer .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  returns a 404 instance .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  delete table where and __import__() are calculated from the equation .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  deletes   bounds
truth:  deletes   table

test:  run sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  place an order by specified value amount rather than specific number of shares/lots days .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  get a platform-agnostic 2-tuple of the absolute paths of the top-level external data directories for both tcl and tk .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  test that all the groups match groups .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  compute md5 hash of the read and return binary data .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  configure email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   equalize
truth:  email   email

test:  runs an example given its path .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  run   tear
truth:  run   module

test:  returns the matrix-vector tuple a and q .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  a resource - used to access an currency - used by pootleenv .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  download a mission from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  downloads   startup
truth:  downloads   mission

test:  call appropriate function and kwargs with appropriate args and kwargs after removing respective the results .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  calls   filters
truth:  calls   fn

test:  generate a combined tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  set   providing
truth:  set   tensor

test:  set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the filesystem into the filesystem into which to inject the filesystem password into the
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  read in previously saved objects from a file determine from the file_name whether .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  read   mounts
truth:  read   objects

test:  return the status of a given plugin kind .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   identifies
truth:  set   plugin

test:  set the ast module if the os is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  load   calculate
truth:  load   windows

test:  copy the filesystem from one of the snapshots volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   aligns
truth:  copy   volume

test:  comment: get or set the icondata of the item .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  sets   resizes
truth:  sets   icon

test:  translate the list of lists into a block of lists .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  constructs   cleaning
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  creates a sailthru list and returns a list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  create and return the sql statements .
truth: create the database . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  return the normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  validate a portname file path .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  obfuscate any lists of strings to take precedence .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  recursive   autoreleased
truth:  recursive   types

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  pulls   input
truth:  pulls   generators

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its season form for both single folders and multi .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   bartels
truth:  filters   contents

test:  find our locations of a function to be used in our locations .
truth: if present . 
test:  present   pulls
truth:  present   null

test:  returns a domain name based on the site cname .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  returns   union
truth:  returns   domain

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  move   usage
truth:  move   rows

test:  make a single wsgi connection if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  compute polynomial irreducibility f(g) in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  expand   overlay
truth:  expand   func

test:  list groups for a group .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   decide
truth:  list   groups

test:  extract data from a model with at a certain column .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  express   restoring
truth:  express   data

test:  return the subsequence that is a common ending of sequences in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   persists
truth:  return   subsequence

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get roles of a user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  splits a class or structure into separate tuples .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  traverse   safe_octal
truth:  traverse   class

test:  returns the slug for the current request if it exists .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  given   logarithmic
truth:  given   slug

test:  like pretty() but print to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  like   display
truth:  like   print

test:  register a encoder/decoder for a specific python registry .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   shows
truth:  register   subclass

test:  determine if the document is a earningsestimatesloader for the given document .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  raises   gunicorn
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  returns a hash of the form that are made by the given document .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  set the requestors cookie info .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  creates   modbus
truth:  creates   cookie

test:  return an iterable of all json videos for the given course .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  returns   aliased
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the current pyos_inputhook that will return the current inputs: byte string .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  contains   exposes
truth:  contains   values

test:  create a class for the given dispatch .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper function to create the first one hot labels .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  transform   centers
truth:  transform   labels

test:  mangle a named path .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  mangle   stores
truth:  mangle   name

test:  creates a new image .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  univariate series expansion of the series expansion of p examples .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  function   renders
truth:  function   series

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  computes the maximum along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   registers
truth:  computes   product

test:  outputs all standard removes whitespace from the given string .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  show idle-format warning after replacing warnings .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   eventlet
truth:  show   warning

test:  returns the content of the db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  initialize the helptopic completion model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   pushing
truth:  initialize   model

test:  extracts any value of an item from a string of text .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  updates the state of the task for eager' outputs .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   mount
truth:  update   task

test:  search for proc options with syncing .
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  return   closes
truth:  return   +

test:  get the absolute path to the directory of the fonts directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  compare two rightmost instances for all modules .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  start the server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  config}return request .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  builds   restoring
truth:  builds   data

test:  add terms with zero coefficients from sdm to g .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  unset the named function in a minion setting cli example: .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  set the http state of a node label .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  return the value of the two vertices in the passed node .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   incoming
truth:  find   op

test:  return a list of all registered changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  display   loads
truth:  display   changes

test:  converts a number to a tuple .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  decorator to bad histogram command output .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  project add new knowledge project .
truth: new project form . 
test:  project   r^2
truth:  project   form

test:  asserts that two arrays are equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  delete a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  return boolean series/array whether given pattern/regex is subject .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  replace   printed
truth:  replace   pattern

test:  download an object from a given url to the downloads downloads .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  install the virtual environment for the given revision .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   unquoting
truth:  install   environment

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  accepts   exposes
truth:  accepts   values

test:  get the standard directory to use of: .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  load all users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   spawn
truth:  configures   devices

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   pyopenssls
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   alignment
truth:  release   section

test:  yields a blob that resets its return a bucket .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  add a task to a queue .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  shortcut   mount
truth:  shortcut   task

test:  returns a and distance between x and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  pulls   algorithm
truth:  pulls   points

test:  convert a filename to a valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  test subunit output def steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  remove an element from the point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   uncheck
truth:  remove   element

test:  return a numpy dtype .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  converts   embeds
truth:  converts   pandas

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  creates an argument limit on the given argument .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   simulate
truth:  creates   spec

test:  test if a name matches a given globs .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  tests   stores
truth:  tests   name

test:  check the api key to determine if the current value is a string containing the message and the base64 encoded user .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  validate   listen
truth:  validate   key

test:  helper method to add a resource resolver to the given resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  make sure a single bundle is derived when one of the data passed .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  test datetime validation .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  set the current header of a response .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  add   assume
truth:  add   header

test:  signs all parameters or just signed up on values .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  sign   offset
truth:  sign   parameters

test:  initialize the model to be used when the arguments/subcommands is selected .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  extend   currents
truth:  extend   state

test:  writes the callback to the xml data .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  translate   bench
truth:  translate   value

test:  set a matches for the specified value .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  scan   takes
truth:  scan   stream

test:  an calledback python url but is not required for logging .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  run correlation tests .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  it computes the tensorflow tensorflow squared on users .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  given a course_key return true if its a set of cohorted cohorted .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of unique list of pairs in this iterable .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  create   attributes
truth:  create   arrays

test:  return certain handlers and default values from handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  check whether socket are supported on this host .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   win
truth:  check   sockets

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  change   freezing
truth:  change   configuration

test:  collect user for haproxy hosts and connect to the user .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  get   fake
truth:  get   load

test:  respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   deserialize
truth:  respond   csv

test:  declares a flag as key with the calling module .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  registers   enhanced
truth:  registers   object

test:  basic host composed of the href string .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  return openshift file version information if not installed .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  get   causes
truth:  get   openshift

test:  return numpy matrix if numpy is given .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  return   throttle
truth:  return   unit

test:  generate diagramm handler for handlers and pick in config .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  quotes the given string so that it can be used as an optimized literal .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  return the currently selected object from the queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  attempts   urlencode
truth:  attempts   item

test:  return the hash digest for the given password .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  return   terminate
truth:  return   password

test:  creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  convert a timedelta to a timedelta object .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  register a url at a specific url cli example: .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  return the encoding declaration according to the current line .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  function   engulfing
truth:  function   coding

test:  product of a matrix .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  create an iterator that can be used by the supplied class .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  map   pending
truth:  map   default

test:  returns the list of ipv6 addresses configured on provided interface ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  given a integer name .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  gemm computing a dimshuffle .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  deletes an existing token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  removes   enhanced
truth:  removes   object

test:  merge short: dictionary .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  combines   review
truth:  combines   keys

test:  create an exception class .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  run command line with arguments .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  check   match
truth:  check   syntax

test:  write statistics for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  helper to scale an bem subject to save a bem bem file .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  scale   labeled
truth:  scale   file

test:  check to see if a pool exists cli examples: .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  check   archive
truth:  check   member

test:  check if the user is absolute .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  reverse   overlay
truth:  reverse   func

test:  check a domain returns a string of the requested *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  checks   estimating
truth:  checks   domains

test:  reconstruct the type by types .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  reconstruct   enhanced
truth:  reconstruct   object

test:  use the concrete class to assert its argument to hashable ones .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  makes   safe_octal
truth:  makes   class

test:  compares two strings in a cryptographically safe way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   gauss
truth:  compares   strings

test:  draw nodes in networkx layout .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   translated
truth:  draw   g

test:  attach a json generated representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   aliased
truth:  attach   json

test:  compute edge centrality for nodes in a bipartite graph .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  compute   descend
truth:  compute   edges

test:  same as a rshift b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add the context for the page that a given request .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  adds   bring
truth:  adds   page

test:  save a flavor from instances system_metadata by metadata .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  save   dictview
truth:  save   instance_type

test:  returns the euler informs of a f-test dataframe .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   attached
truth:  returns   statistic

test:  initialize the module .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  enable   remove
truth:  enable   history

test:  return a quoted version of the string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  only run on netbsd systems .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  pad the given string to a string .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  pads   shared
truth:  pads   string

test:  raise error .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  stop the setuptools application .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   colorized
truth:  stops   context

test:  returns the number of seconds in the database .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  syntax checking: missing scenarios are not \n' .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  pulls   splits
truth:  pulls   checking

test:  a view that retrieves the a json token for a given request .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  get   iterate
truth:  get   auth

test:  return a dict of all available locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  list   maps
truth:  list   locations

test:  returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  set the matrices of the matrix .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  return   renders
truth:  return   series

test:  plots histograms of pregnancy length for hists .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  return a mm-dd-yyyy with inner elements used for ica and nested units on mlp with nested layer .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  this simply sends an code for handling of code to be compiled and its metadata .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like print_exc() but return a list of resources to a limit .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  format   applied
truth:  format   trace

test:  register a new test suite .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  upload   sleep
truth:  upload   files

test:  require the root user .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  handles   access
truth:  handles   url

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  create a figure that will create partial functions that generate commands for the current working automatic ports .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  returns a pending computer reboot .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  a function to print a single output message and print the given message .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  pulls   imageidfield
truth:  pulls   debugging

test:  return text in a string .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  call rebuild_node on a volume over the order of zeros .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  pulls   accepting
truth:  pulls   e

test:  test cloning from an editable url with vcs options .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   r^2
truth:  create   form

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  internal function: adds a spans to the given bucket and end .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  extract   shared
truth:  extract   string

test:  parse an instance of a datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  given   temperature
truth:  given   date

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  accepts   looping
truth:  accepts   node

test:  clean up any stubs that need cleanup .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  degree of degree .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  returns   indicate
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  delete a login profile .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  deletes   plan
truth:  deletes   profile

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  read an alignment sequence of integers and return as file and file .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   building
truth:  read   tag

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  configure flocker certificates for the given cluster with configuration .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  configure   decompresses
truth:  configure   flocker

test:  the signal-to-noise version of the qt_log_ignore function .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  sort   restrict
truth:  sort   array

test:  convert a dictionary mapping values to a list of numbers .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  list all cache groups .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  prepend the given path and returns a binary string .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  prepend   pulls
truth:  prepend   null

test:  return a user to add an ajax or collection .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restore references to a ccx to collections of incoming values returns the original collection with all values converted to a ccx-aware state .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  restore   weblate
truth:  restore   references

test:  ishow all references in the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script and tells the backend for a given file .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   square
truth:  show   figures

test:  checks if variable is a shared variable .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  check   transliterate
truth:  check   variable

test:  suggest column names on table columns from table and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  returns true if sgemv needs to be considered .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  scaled mag into integer shift the common code of the last quantum number of int/string .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  restore the top logging configuration to a specific logging .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  function to ensure a typing search is applied .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  remove   stores
truth:  remove   name

test:  ask menu .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  generate   preselected
truth:  generate   choice

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   reorders
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  use the rest api to convert a maybe stub .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  return the gaussian at the given left and exclude_names .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  select   clones
truth:  select   server

test:  generate the text for a post that has the same api on the current user .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  responds   simulating
truth:  responds   input

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  unpacks the unicode string .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  see   thinks
truth:  see   issue

test:  converts the argument into an application processor .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  converts   belong
truth:  converts   hook

test:  generate completion function .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  set process command line cant be used for open process .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  execute a single directly directly on a particular request .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  test the built-in servererror handler .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  turns an alignment file into a single multipleseqalignment object .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  this efficiently providing nested lists for making sure that it uses the requirements value .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  pulls   sympy
truth:  pulls   slice

test:  ensure we have active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  restful crud controller - used for participants .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   touch
truth:  training   controller

test:  decode a string encoded by the primary key and then use .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  chops   pulls
truth:  chops   null

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  scan a postfix submission of a postfix submission .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   carry
truth:  fail   test

test:  test for get word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  test remove_from_figure with tight_layout .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  tests   thinks
truth:  tests   issue

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  enable the named container cli example: .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  remove a top-level funct .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  get all groups that match the given state to a list of applications .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  turn   currents
truth:  turn   state

test:  label nodes of a graph .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  select   go
truth:  select   channels

test:  this function expects a cookies to logout server in a web application .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  return the words in a helper that is the external string .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  evaluated -> bool return a string of the expression .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  string   padded
truth:  string   evaluation

test:  completely clear the minion cache or own cache data files .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   sleep
truth:  clear   files

test:  given a list of qpixmap history .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  iterate the function .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  apply   overlay
truth:  apply   func

test:  return path of current block device block .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the name of a function .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  attempts   guessing
truth:  attempts   namespace

test:  return and if a string is a numeric .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a function of the weird of a function .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wrap   filters
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write source file for a component .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  write   component

test:  gets the summary of a article string to display it with the last script .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  ensures   pulls
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test freezing an editable exclude .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return the number of events in the en .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  shift   rescales
truth:  shift   event

test:  deletes an absolute link .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to log datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  generate a symbol for a sequence of bytes .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  access to the event loop running .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  the vim page is something that is only present when the vim exception itself is enabled .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  used   compresses
truth:  used   statement

test:  this group id from a string of password .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  change   theorem
truth:  change   privileges

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  returns a boolean reflecting a human-entered string .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  run all the package and return a list of functions .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a search index from the search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  removes   revoke
truth:  removes   collections

test:  decode a single character string into the alphabet .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   ayoung
truth:  decode   base

test:  login mechanism for each hard .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  returns the url for the course position for the specified course position .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  return   pivoted
truth:  return   place

test:  returns a list of all karma objects a user has completed .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   aristas
truth:  return   titles

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get a role policy for a role .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  checks if the current github is available for this locale .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  check   bandstop
truth:  check   release

test:  returns a list of os x tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  find just signed ca as a file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  create a list of unicode strings .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  preprocessing   teardown
truth:  preprocessing   type

test:  create a symlink at path .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  create   features
truth:  create   symlink

test:  a generator of all pairs of n .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  test to make sure current representation in distances are invalid right .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  unregister a review request .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   entries
truth:  unregister   review

test:  inspect the interface via systemd purposes .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment specs item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  loads all the lexers contained in the lexer cffi .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  load   unlocks
truth:  load   lexer

test:  parse the options to the command line and return a list of options .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  create recursively translate attributes to the configuration .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  translate   replace
truth:  translate   create

test:  delete a bucket from s3 .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  function   mixing
truth:  function   cleanup

test:  prompt for a question to display .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  parse a string iso 8601 bytes .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   files
truth:  convert   check

test:  converts a datetime object to a timezone name .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  accepts   support
truth:  accepts   time

test:  set an alert to be enabled .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  override a new timezone aware datetime .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for the given providers .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  creates a weak weak from a list of integers .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  calculate   listen
truth:  calculate   key

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return the number of dbref in a particular dbref or reqhash .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  see :meth: .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  evaluates   binhexed
truth:  evaluates   tests

test:  test that a theano function is initialized by the nvcc .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   lift
truth:  test   behaviour

test:  allow for the message to be installed .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  checks   retrive
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the total element of the input vector .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  corrupts   smooth
truth:  corrupts   vector

test:  generate path between rules .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get the info structure for a container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   differentiate
truth:  get   accounts

test:  decorator that checks if a function is known as a decorator for a function or method of the second argument .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the latest available image name for the named distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  trigger background event in parallel .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  trigger   challengenes
truth:  trigger   hooks

test:  add a contributor document to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   failed
truth:  add   contributor

test:  save and save a given module .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  save   deflate
truth:  save   config

test:  returns the size in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  runs a dummy script with the provided sandbox .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  run   rect
truth:  run   work

test:  latency a push socket on a push socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  echo   prioritized
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrapper for page titles .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  return the latest key* changeset revision for the provided repository defined in the received repository .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  return   clip
truth:  return   record

test:  forcibly get unicode string from s3 server-side .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  verifies that the command contains a earningsestimatesloader with the given context .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  converts a string from a binary string .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  test column and replace derivatives with specified column exists in qtable .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  replace   mutate
truth:  replace   column

test:  returns a relative payroll end on frequency days .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  returns   reencrypt
truth:  returns   start

test:  build the openid response for a given openid .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  steps that match groups takes step .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  converts expr to a string of unicode strings .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   express
truth:  renames   -

test:  return the version string for the latest version of the rpm commit version .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  parse   extract
truth:  parse   version

test:  function to check if the current transaction is not a valid set .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  apply   points
truth:  apply   sub

test:  read eeg forward .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   ignores
truth:  read   meg

test:  check the inverse of the windows completes .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  returns the best match for the given host:port string .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  parse   receives
truth:  parse   port

test:  return a single access token .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  access   emit
truth:  access   access

test:  gets the name of the index index for an index file .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  standard deviation .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  select the paths in the sequence .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  restful crud controller for resource .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  check if f(x) is meijer and can be used as a boolean .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  run a remote system as a string with sudo .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  run   allocate
truth:  run   user

test:  a helper to create a keystone client .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  create a l2 l2 basis for the given basis and l2 lim .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  projects   reported
truth:  projects   function

test:  return true if the ipv4 address is a valid ip .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  get the absolute area of a complex polygon .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   clamp
truth:  get   area

test:  check if the tool is installed .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  sets a unittest flags flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   translates
truth:  sets   flags

test:  decorator to make sure that an api is enabled in a cart .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  return a key from the subtitle subtitles then sort of the subtitle .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  generator function which produces a cut property after a node .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  given   increase
truth:  given   nodes

test:  load coordinates to match our shapes .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  give   overwrites
truth:  give   shape

test:  return matching the argspec object .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue in the queue queue .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   pulls
truth:  pop   null

test:  constructs and returns a sumaclust .
truth: input data . 
test:  input   restoring
truth:  input   data

test:  validates that a function argument is valid .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  test installing from a local directory with symlinks .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate the gpg or framework gpg of the given gpg .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   absorb
truth:  return   gpg

test:  implement a single integral wrapper for the given llvm type .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  calculate and return a list of workers that have changed for the given document .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  format   sleep
truth:  format   files

test:  a view that uses a simple view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  return the base64 encoded object for use in opening and saving .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  serializes   enhanced
truth:  serializes   object

test:  return the potential energy of a multibody system of energy .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  pulls   humanized
truth:  pulls   energy

test:  convert any object into a dict of dicts .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  return a helper function that recreates a single vector from a config object .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  returns   account

test:  grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   constructs
truth:  grab   lock

test:  helper function to add extra items to xml .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays horizontally .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   extract
truth:  prints   version

test:  decorator for alternative methods which may be used to mark functions as subtest .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  used   mixing
truth:  used   cleanup

test:  register a registration from a named named named pairs .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  helper function to load a batch if a given tensor or a list .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  get   overriding
truth:  get   dimension

test:  uses the index class to load a class model .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  serialize   pushing
truth:  serialize   model

test:  drop drop drop options for the top configuration options .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  this is a no-op that will run all the tests for the movie database schema .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  pulls   shutdown
truth:  pulls   tables

test:  return true if a vm exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  query   hostname
truth:  query   vm

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  a perls function that returns a new client key for a authentication key .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of errors that indicate the specified errors .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  returns   ssl
truth:  returns   errors

test:  return a temp file to the given path and qimage the file this is similar to the path .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  return a string representing the current system needs to be installed on the system .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  determines   grouping
truth:  determines   system

test:  set the clipboard data in the clipboard .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  set   filter_template
truth:  set   clipboard

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  check if a list is valid .
truth: check slug . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  find the inverse of the reverse column is .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns project .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  fast migration of a volume by another dest .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  merge a uri into a single hash .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  given   bench
truth:  given   value

test:  add the exceptions contained in the parent of a test suite .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  return a datetime object for the 5-minute at a given date .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  guess   pulls
truth:  guess   null

test:  given an object .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  tear down the cluster .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  create increasing baseline baseline configured for the axes or low bases .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  makes   applied
truth:  makes   trace

test:  return the number of seconds that a mysql sql server is lagging behind the master batch .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  set a win32/win64 handler where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  return the list of events to render the given request .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return the nth variance of the values of an expression .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  parse the given string containing the code for the given python code .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  compute the filter in reverse format that are always positive .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  mean   forget
truth:  mean   inverse

test:  return info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  show   mix
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses a version string like "2004-08-30 into tuple .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parses   address
truth:  parses   sqlalchemy

test:  check all entrance problems to their entrance exam .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  grabs   unmap
truth:  grabs   descriptors

test:  for session - the same as the same way as the metaclass .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  returns all the setter methods .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the vector3 path .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the indptr field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  return the string s in the passed in s .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  checking   tracked
truth:  checking   s

test:  compute harris corner measure response image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   install
truth:  compute   response

test:  returns a list of parent objects for the given class .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  get   crack
truth:  get   _

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   restrict
truth:  prewitt   array

test:  return the list of available question keyring within the response .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  add a broadcast .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   moving
truth:  add   broadcast

test:  return a list of python modules in the package at the given locustfile .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   paging
truth:  url   interface

test:  delete a form .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  returns true if the given ip is running .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  given   receives
truth:  given   port

test:  add a collection of hosts to an alias .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   preloading
truth:  add   host

test:  test relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  test   purge
truth:  test   requirements

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  sends an dry email to the target using the dry .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  copied   alteratives
truth:  copied   website

test:  the builtin command .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  replace   emitting
truth:  replace   character

test:  load all scores for a query .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  test these arguments .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  win   pulls
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   gzip
truth:  process   markup

test:  test that a cylinder of matrices work correctly .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  show commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  print   compressing
truth:  print   menu

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   cast
truth:  commits   transaction

test:  check that use library to versions .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  specify   excluded
truth:  specify   party

test:  return 1 for property .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  set   skipping
truth:  set   score

test:  a single topic to test the locked topic .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  locked   stops
truth:  locked   topic

test:  return a list of extensions extensions for all system .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  get   hydrate
truth:  get   core

test:  return a single keys in the document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  disassociate the volume types from specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   teardown
truth:  disassociate   type

test:  get the name of a function based on its aggregate .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  this is used to return the file type for imp .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  remove multiple whitespaces and whitespaces at the beginning of a given url .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  yaml: maven this plugin allows the user to build a parameterized build for the parameters .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a restful crud controller and used for detailed connection .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  modified   access
truth:  modified   url

test:  restores the cli plugin configs .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  split a python expression into a generic expression structure .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  return an instance of a string .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  test that we can convert text into polar wedge .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  check   flattens
truth:  check   output

test:  confirm that x is equivalent to the python version .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  external_declaration : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  compute student profile for a course containing all students problem grades and push the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   escapes
truth:  compute   student

test:  modify the zfs of a multipart time .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 2-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  determine if the provided signature is invalid .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the boxcox of the distance matrix .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  compute   collate
truth:  compute   box

test:  credentials the numa fit for a given host against the given host .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  fit   impute
truth:  fit   topology

test:  tests that we can remove all of a file .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  test   retrive
truth:  test   checks

test:  it is a error if a filesystem status is not set .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  passing   uppercase
truth:  passing   harvest

test:  converts a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  validates that the host mapping file descriptors are valid and wont mapping .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  validate   presents
truth:  validate   mapping

test:  parses an http header by trying to show the xml document .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  pulls   equate
truth:  pulls   browser

test:  compare two sequences: elements given a set of elements .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   eliminates
truth:  compare   elements

test:  create a base url for interacting with correct urls .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a set of flow is a dynamic flow .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  a task that is saved to catch the tree of the dynamic model .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  clobber   constrain
truth:  clobber   attribute

test:  classify the given mapping from the given weight .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   safe_octal
truth:  classify   class

test:  convert unescaped to complex matrix of specified ipv4 .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  restores all table names from an database .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  modifies   step
truth:  modifies   names

test:  get list of font files for a given directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  checks if a new collection is a new collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  create   reallocation
truth:  create   collection

test:  helper to create an initialized variable stored in a model .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  attach   height
truth:  attach   lot

test:  converts a matrix from a referenceproperty .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  copy   localize
truth:  copy   reference

test:  makes the extension for the specified extension .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  signals httpd to start .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   pulls
truth:  signals   null

test:  calls get_all_stats and expects a virtual version of git .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  mock   authorizes
truth:  mock   command

test:  returns true if the object is a generator .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the text with the none in a none on the text .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  make   supports
truth:  make   text

test:  update default configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  update   forbid
truth:  update   options

test:  apply validation to dispatcher .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   uncheck
truth:  choose   element

test:  ensure valid input file has changed .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  files   sleep
truth:  files   files

test:  zip ony message route .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  format   astring
truth:  format   route

test:  get the revision id of the current linux distribution .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  command : def id equals expr to expr optstep .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   search
truth:  command   d

test:  return a list of tuples representing the names of the form .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  decorator that skips a function or method as a deferred .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a model that is visible to a model of date hints .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  construct   reported
truth:  construct   function

test:  compute the leading variation of f .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  fill an inset file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  fill   labeled
truth:  fill   file

test:  get the configuration directory .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the specified output contains n columns .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  asserts   flattens
truth:  asserts   output

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compare the graph that contains a graph between they are correct .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  a word is used between two quaternions .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  create a snapshot of body .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   expect
truth:  create   body

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   base64
truth:  construct   ring

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  sets the useragent for the contact .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  set   reading
truth:  set   agent

test:  check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  performs standard inline-image mapping .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  hook   teardown
truth:  hook   type

test:  get the first normal assumes the graphs in the non-celestial expression examples .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  split   array
truth:  split   computation

test:  monkeypatches httpconnection .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  handle   assign
truth:  handle   requests

test:  a decorator that validates the current timeout for a timeout call and return the override data for this version .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  override   statsd
truth:  override   timeout

test:  bump cache for product of product within a product of product .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  bump   eliminating
truth:  bump   cache

test:  caching cache without the functional backend .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  caching   pulls
truth:  caching   null

test:  return a list of traffic server configuration file .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  helper function which handles a protect attribute string and returns a dict of the options for if a config group is a group .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  returns the bytes of this field .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  try to find out the directories where the file is coming from the filesystem filename are valid .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  remove all the files in the directory .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power_exp hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  these acl return a list of acl string and values .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  represent   shutdown
truth:  represent   tables

test:  encode the messages payload in base64 .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   whiteboard
truth:  encode   payload

test:  return a list of resources for the source .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   bans
truth:  return   resources

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  returns the description of a structure that has the same name as new line .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the peak range of the graph between inlow and the (1) .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  scale   bench
truth:  scale   value

test:  yaml: rvm send rvm for rvm requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:delivery plugin #161 plugin demand .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   accept
truth:  pulls   env

test:  return the surface of graphs .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  pulls   carves
truth:  pulls   constraint

test:  wraps the application at the provided request .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  adds   grant
truth:  adds   power

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  run a virtual machine or patch patch into a folder .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  waits for a mailchimp with a mailchimp list to invoked .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  determine if a file is a valid image file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  load social by backend type .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  create an ajax for the calling user .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  helper function to convert i3 .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the result of a given instructortask for a given instructortask .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns the user copy of the course if the course exists .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  gets   serializes
truth:  gets   preferences

test:  save the multivaluedicts backend for use in the config file .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  convert   freezing
truth:  convert   configuration

test:  returns the mulrowcol column in a matrix .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  multiplies   highlight
truth:  multiplies   row

test:  the exception for classes and step .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  base   unbinds
truth:  base   exceptions

test:  return a box .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  convert   adds
truth:  convert   r

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  true if the given toc is valid on the given toc node .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  detect   enhanced
truth:  detect   object

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  process the status of a graph into account status .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  files   point
truth:  files   status

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  waits for a collection to be used when the collection is modified .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  return the uri for the given uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  generate nodes in a graph of the graph g .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  generate   tsv
truth:  generate   components

test:  returns all templates dirs in the directory and contains those templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  returns   stats
truth:  returns   dirs

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   pulls
truth:  command   null

test:  sample from a probability distribution each row of the row and its random numbers .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   optimize
truth:  retrieve   quotas

test:  helper function for l{safe_repr} and subclasses of the given class .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  function   puts
truth:  function   canvas

test:  the kullback-leibler loss function .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  find the earths date to the specified migration .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  pulls   basestring
truth:  pulls   migration

test:  get a logger for the program .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add site queue to site user .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  add   equalize
truth:  add   email

test:  returns an interval of the interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  pulls   demos
truth:  pulls   scan

test:  remove a handler from a list of text or matching plugins .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  return the maximum of the minimum value along the given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  decorator used as compiled variable used as the rate of the top-level function to run .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  returns the turan graph of the turan digraph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   config
truth:  return   patterns

test:  read and return file with encoding .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  apply sqlalchemy location to the location of the location .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   expose
truth:  migrate   credentials

test:  add surrounding loop beginning to gcode output .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  add   base64
truth:  add   ring

test:  format a pool on the f5 load balancer cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  stop all workers in the worker of two named workers .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  check   resulting
truth:  check   workers

test:  returns true if a link is any of the marketing marketing marketing link .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  yields the description of a series .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  tokenize   shared
truth:  tokenize   string

test:  prints the pprint for all the files .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  get the total number of writes used to compute an experimental .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test major dots with a major label dots .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   stop
truth:  test   dots

test:  get event strategy to create an event .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  pulls   toggle
truth:  pulls   infinite

test:  ensure vm is running on the computenode name : string hostname of vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  starts   jitter
truth:  starts   guest

test:  clone a vdi and returns the reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  print a message and raise an error message if the http error occurs with the given operation .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  for use in an html snippet to try to convert the whitespace to a text string .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  transform   autoencoder
truth:  transform   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  test disarmed slugify with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  pulls   server_root
truth:  pulls   opts

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  internal helper function to authorize and the request .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  obtain   occurring
truth:  obtain   authorization

test:  return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   rising
truth:  return   group

test:  update a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   stores
truth:  update   name

test:  runs the command line application .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  window demultiplexed_qual_f: demultiplexed_qual_f: preserves helper minions that preserves input window demultiplexed_qual_f: .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  wait for a post to be created .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   computing
truth:  test   initialisation

test:  tests for a regression where the number of different values are different from an angle .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  create a directory where you should make it works in the given project .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  call   validate
truth:  call   cookiecutter

test:  guess the current working path for i/o .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  marks the internal view as being exempt from the view mode .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  make   built
truth:  make   maintenance

test:  count the words in a list of words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   collects
truth:  returns   count

test:  returns an projects delete confirmation page .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   enumerator_list
truth:  returns   confirmation

test:  decorator for six of methods in a bench test .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  returns the list of courseware ids of courseware with the given course .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  convert a string to lux .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return the system resolvers that should be used for the postgres .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  provides   trivial
truth:  provides   connection

test:  verifies that a directory does not exist .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   crop
truth:  verifies   directory

test:  check if a specified service is available on the host cli example: .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  get the evaluated value as a string .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the line number in line way .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  check if environment variables running this python process .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  helper function to apply to python filtering filtering .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  convert   divides
truth:  convert   matrices

test:  given a string of host and an array of hosts .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  run the process and return its output .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   publish
truth:  save   graph

test:  return the maximum uptime of seconds from ]hours .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  trims link to text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  save image to a supported image .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  save   bench
truth:  save   value

test:  test purging user using user .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  format a member ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   archive
truth:  format   member

test:  generate a random asset key for a course .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  generates   enhanced
truth:  generates   object

test:  read named ranges from a named ranges .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  read   overwriting
truth:  read   ranges

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the latest tag of the latest release tag .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  remove the logrotate script for the logs that was created .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  removes   optimized
truth:  removes   script

test:  open a command to determine if the command is greater than the given command name .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  get vector3 from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  the closest sparseseries is an alternative that takes a list of tuples .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  return list with default elements .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  pad   eliminates
truth:  pad   elements

test:  return a set of instances of the given class .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  resolve   instantiate
truth:  resolve   arguments

test:  only work on moduleonlyworksonmac .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  require an addons reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   local_rvs
truth:  require   addons

test:  convert from cone service to font .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  run web browser .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  run   reserializes
truth:  run   widget

test:  set a single decorator used as wsgi application .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  aggregated type: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of groups the named user belongs to .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   listen
truth:  constructs   key

test:  run the testsuite tests .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  shared   pulls
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the xml string from the file .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test if the node is higher this is an higher over a node that is higher than just a parent .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  search   reported
truth:  search   function

test:  prompts the user for a session .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  prompt   pick
truth:  prompt   callback

test:  use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   orthoganlize
truth:  use   hash

test:  a single method to add a single property to an existing class:: class or course_id .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the latest system ports .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  finds   step
truth:  finds   names

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  add plugins and the menu to the menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  returns an object whose content is the given .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a generator that yields lines from a miller-rabin of iterables .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  generate   packed
truth:  generate   chunks

test:  returns the supplied timezone containing the provided process name .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   rows
truth:  retrieves   indexes

test:  compute eeg average covariance matrix for the two-sided .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  helper decorator :func:send_file each polygon in the specified polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  given   logs
truth:  given   vertices

test:  determine the host string to socket for the message .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   negate
truth:  determine   resource

test:  match the given python availability report by an rubygems report .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  extract   enhance
truth:  extract   items

test:  set the state of the from the provided state by epsilon .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  given   stacks
truth:  given   states

test:  unserialize raw post data as complete .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  accept   express
truth:  accept   -

test:  return the api query string for the given service .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given a wsgi application .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   svn
truth:  get   dicts

test:  this method is used to transform a numpy array into a new format to the format of a numpy array .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  transform   attributes
truth:  transform   arrays

test:  generator that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns domain .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  enable or disable an entity instance .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   eliminating
truth:  enable   cache

test:  like layout but return the appropriate layout for use in the specified version .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  infer   pulls
truth:  infer   null

test:  set the value of a cluster prop additional options for the pcs extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example:
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  queues a user for the email address typically one .
truth: keep user . 
test:  keep   allocate
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a method that can be allowed for this process .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the file number of the directory .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  get information about a account policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   holding
truth:  get   policy

test:  return a host object for the host .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  returns the pillar data that is with pillar .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   settings

test:  centralized the original header to orv .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  find the current library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  tries   wheather
truth:  tries   library

test:  when installing from a package is completely ignored .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  find the file system path from path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  changes   pulls
truth:  changes   null

test:  calculate and save the support forum and save .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  calculate   trim
truth:  calculate   support

test:  try to get the lang_string code for the given language code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  return   iuploader
truth:  return   lookup

test:  set up the requested world air quality index .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  take a list of commands and prints them .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  does the node contain a true if text is enabled .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  wraps api calls with role based on the given context .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  wraps   dispatched
truth:  wraps   calls

test:  this is the process name converts the process to octal files .
truth: using os . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  generate   teardown
truth:  generate   type

test:  validate an exception id .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  ensure   requesting
truth:  ensure   i

test:  chinese remainder theorem .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  sets the device to use for a device in the session to resolve .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  sets   stores
truth:  sets   name

test:  returns the file descriptor .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter the string or removed depending on the given otus or the given two sequences .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  filters   lstrip
truth:  filters   set

test:  convert all effects in db .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  just like letsencrypt --version .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  pulls   testsuites
truth:  pulls   keyword

test:  creates all the modules specified in the given module and prepend the paths of all modules in the container specified .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  return   init
truth:  return   modules

test:  destroy the floating ips by return the values .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   height
truth:  destroy   lot

test:  adds lists to a new instance .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  index   switch
truth:  index   list

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  wraps   base64encodes
truth:  wraps   djangos

test:  return a list of targets that have .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  forces a token to be appened or a custom atom .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  create an iterable of lists .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  build   expect
truth:  build   body

test:  does a staff ethaddr on wiki for the wiki wiki wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  convert a file to a directory .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   tokenizing
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  setup the demo remotes .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  return the latest downloadable changeset revision for the received repository defined in a specified repository .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the final element of a tree .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  warn   write
truth:  warn   dependencies

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get all of an instance and status is running it .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  returns true if the graphs could be a prime number .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  all elements of *seq* to *true* in sequence .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a filename into a decorator that can be used with the subdomain of a filename .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a gssapi xml file encoding that does not exist .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  determine   unifies
truth:  determine   encoding

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along an axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  splits   restrict
truth:  splits   array

test:  decodes a rrq wrq .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  decodes   pulls
truth:  decodes   null

test:  fit model by equations a dask or from a dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   pushing
truth:  fit   model

test:  calculate the relative magnitude of a sequence of numbers .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  returns against the content of a file .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  uses   switch
truth:  uses   list

test:  string concatenation aggregator for sqlite .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   attach
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  html link to a list of distinct link .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  link   retuned
truth:  link   revisions

test:  compares two dataseries for two dataseries of equal and their answer .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  return the nvp status .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  extract the total number of seconds from a timedelta object in a way that is compatible with python <= 2 .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  resource endpoint handler .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   lets
truth:  endpoint   handler

test:  checks if a string is valid arguments passed .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create api key from a given api service .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  list pending entries that are not fulfilled by the console .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  converts any new sql string to a new collection that dont contain the end one .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  handles   whiteboard
truth:  handles   payload

test:  print the message to the message .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  rfc   pulls
truth:  rfc   null

test:  checks to see if the specific apache mod is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add allocated_id to postgresql nearer defaults .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  gets the element in the sequence .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  returns true if technique has a rest for its version .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize the case of a filename .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  combines   flip
truth:  combines   python

test:  parse a course and xblock it to a xblock .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  convert   compose
truth:  convert   usage

test:  subtract polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  confine   calculate
truth:  confine   windows

test:  install the given tornado from the tornado image .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  receive a function of arguments with arguments and return a tuple of requested names .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  adds   located
truth:  adds   method

test:  open all or specified cover for muting units .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  return the information for the named container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  returns   satisfy
truth:  returns   container

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   truncate
truth:  creates   savepoint

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   access
truth:  download   url

test:  usage: {{ field|render_with_errors .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  manage   bartels
truth:  manage   contents

test:  return true if there is strongly regular expression .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the bessel bits for distance against attacked .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  install one or more arch packages .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  convert a calculate entry to a allocations .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   mounts
truth:  given   objects

test:  low-level implementation of fn .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decode   simulating
truth:  decode   input

test:  returns a set of related models for all related models for the given models .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  return the string representation of a problem as a background problem .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  return the authorized dashboard dashboard .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  mark   generate
truth:  mark   users

test:  this operator performs the correct format on a local machine .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the topology which is a topology of the given host .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  extract   impute
truth:  extract   topology

test:  validate and the id of the coordination birthday birthday format .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  returns the first element of the first element of the data .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a rule to check class used in compute_up analyses .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  return   unescapes
truth:  return   rule

test:  ensure the given authentication source and remove a key from the minion registry .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  takes a draft and flattens it to the location .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  cleans   widening
truth:  cleans   location

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  return timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  does the given credentials have been ldap against the specified key .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the gpg command and update its available .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  puts   pulls
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search for a matplotlib search query .
truth: return query string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  parse a cookie header into a dict .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   modbus
truth:  parse   cookie

test:  return the string contained in the accepted .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  parse   authorizes
truth:  parse   command

test:  wait until an operation has completed .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  fires   pulls
truth:  fires   null

test:  prints out the course info and prints a list of tabs .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   catch
truth:  prints   course

test:  use sortcap to open the output file to fetch the extruder summary .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  the max length of a feature considering when one of the feature is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  subtract   imposes
truth:  subtract   f

test:  turns on a specific device cli example: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  turns   grouping
truth:  turns   system

test:  maps the array to [0 .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  maps   simplifying
truth:  maps   range

test:  delete a new property zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  clear   start
truth:  clear   zone

test:  get the points in the <p> .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   arrays
truth:  get   half

test:  get the current userprofile that can be used to run a clean technique based on the current registry .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  forces a token to a given list or strings .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  build   compresses
truth:  build   statement

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  a function to list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compares an affine transformation from a source space .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  pulls   unignores
truth:  pulls   patches

test:  returns the line number in the line number for this module .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   incoming
truth:  return   op

test:  internal workflow operation to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  pulls   includes
truth:  pulls   entrance

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  context manager to open a temporary zip file on context .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   dimension
truth:  disable   serializers

test:  compute connectivity for a compute the compute the compute connectivity of a matrix .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  get a mako iterator that consist the given python implementation .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  find   binhexed
truth:  find   tests

test:  does a navigation value have a chance for if its not a value .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  returns the euclidean distance between vectors v and v as much .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  given a align header .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  pulls   choice
truth:  pulls   formats

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   building
truth:  get   tag

test:  convert an arbitrary object to all iterable .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get the preface file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   del
truth:  get   gcode

test:  returns the requested credentials for the specified key .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  get   terminate
truth:  get   password

test:  destroy the oauth tokens .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroys   emit
truth:  destroys   access

test:  return translation matrix .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  returns the photo info for the specified photo .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  get   pair
truth:  get   photo

test:  provides the xblock for the specified descriptor .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  instantiate   backup
truth:  instantiate   properties

test:  queues an email .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   terminates
truth:  queues   opt

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank using random sampling .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  jaccard similarity of two targets .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  given a url with authentication components .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  given   format_alignment
truth:  given   authentication

test:  validates that the supplied value is a valid int or comment for the provided comment .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   linkify
truth:  validate   integer

test:  send an email based on tracks credentials .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  runs   prettify
truth:  runs   process

test:  return true if we are ready to represent the same region as matcher .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  turns   pulls
truth:  turns   null

test:  train a mlps x map coordinates .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  wildcards -> nbt return a set of all the standard set of patterns characters .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  compute   switch
truth:  compute   list

test:  return the response as a stream .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  generates standard normal variates with serial correlation .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an unknown type raise true if type is not a valid python type .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  check if object is a device memory .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  computes the frequency of a substring .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  configures   sparks
truth:  configures   number

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  return node information for the named vm cli example: .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  is user allowed to soft-delete article? .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  get a pci device by its associated id .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  gets the agents for a agents .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  modify   reading
truth:  modify   agent

test:  return the middle method record for an instance of nice and return the record as a string .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is debug .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  run according to the application .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  parses   small_stmts
truth:  parses   line

test:  merge the url and return the response .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  attempt   trace
truth:  attempt   merge

test:  return the url for an object .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  get a list of short groups contained in the short database .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  find   step
truth:  find   names

test:  indicates that the instance and passes the instance with a given instance .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  return a user instance for a user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   print

test:  does the match on the given host and returns true or false if the list of seconds is either an exact match to the match or false .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  fixture providing a sessionmanager .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  for the given doc .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  calls   mount
truth:  calls   task

test:  returns a list of all the result of all the self .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  replaces the mongo character of a multiline function .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate random blob-ish data with noisy @m .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  create   restoring
truth:  create   data

test:  instantiate a "magic binary .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  wrap   extracts
truth:  wrap   socket

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  pulls   indicating
truth:  pulls   images

test:  the web settings .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  scales image by the projection of scale .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  deprecated   port
truth:  deprecated   helper

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  writes a list of file names to the cache .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return the calendar object for this calendar .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  convert   ignored
truth:  convert   google

test:  check for asserttrue/false .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  wrapper for inserting a tensorflow filename into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  build   embedded
truth:  build   example

test:  expands the output of a sequence to display it with lots of sequences .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  pulls   chisquare
truth:  pulls   tuples

test:  merge multiple errors into a list of sort keys .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merge   ssl
truth:  merge   errors

test:  find a near matrix using a given correlation matrix .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  decorate a given row with the given column .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  find the indexes of a sympy expression .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the compensation data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  check that the min score is valid .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validates   skipping
truth:  validates   score

test:  compare two columns of matrices: .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   igor
truth:  validate   device

test:  calculate the ang in the atomic sum of samples from the mean .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start a response .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  return the natural logarithm of the sigmoid function at x .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return more info for a particular site .
truth: adds site . 
test:  adds   handles
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper to compute the subsets of a server:port problem .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  convert integer to the nearest lobe output .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  encodes   linkify
truth:  encodes   integer

test:  returns the availability seeds .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  returns   predefined
truth:  returns   rating

test:  returns a dictionary of fieldname -> infodict for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   unpublicizes
truth:  returns   description

test:  convert a list of items into a list of their associated list .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  convert   saves
truth:  convert   links

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  install the epoll() server .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  return netstat routing information for this minion cli example: .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  this returns a handle to the given page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  yield   shortens
truth:  yield   classes

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   simplifying
truth:  carves   range

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  enable cuda profiling during with statement .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  context   debug
truth:  context   profiling

test:  copies the windows source index to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   representing
truth:  copies   specification

test:  returns a short platform from the head segment after the capitalization .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  makes a partition for a partition .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  initialize   labeled
truth:  initialize   file

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  set auth for use in teardown() authentication .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   hashing
truth:  set   cherrypy

test:  merge extra arguments into list .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  check that the release arguments are available .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  process   instantiate
truth:  process   arguments

test:  discover the modules for the given package from the specified package .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  discover   pulls
truth:  discover   null

test:  skip decorated test unless test decorator is true .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   binhexed
truth:  skip   tests

test:  return the best header of the comment header .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  return   comma
truth:  return   whitespace

test:  test the quteprocess with a qutebrowser timeout .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   shrink
truth:  get   specs

test:  return a cleaned up signal .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  compare two values .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  parse the command line and return a options object .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  add a public key to the public key .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   listen
truth:  add   key

test:  mkalias a file from a specified file .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  create   orders
truth:  create   alias

test:  shows all courses to a student for a particular course .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  decode a python source file into one with the given name .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  calculate the scalar .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  send a message to a named filename .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  retrieve a directory for the pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  converts a string to unicode string .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  test relative_to option in sparktext .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  for a format type and return a dict of format which can be found .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  choose_port() returns an choose port on the given port .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if value is true .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns whether a given value is one of the currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  format   bench
truth:  format   value

test:  ensure the named signal is absent .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensures   authorizes
truth:  ensures   command

test:  compute the product of a matrix .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  simple wrapper for turning contents .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  called after http password process .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  mark a function or method as unsafe:: @unsafe unauthenticated .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  get the file names of the file or the file .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  return the openssl certificate name of the certificate to represent the certificate .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  return   temperature
truth:  return   date

test:  print a message to stderr .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  example action for the null apart .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a rdbms manager for a rdbms type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  extract a value from a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  navigate   restoring
truth:  navigate   data

test:  returns object with default value as dictionaries .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  return the first word of the first list of rectangles that have the area under the rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  find   abbreviate
truth:  find   rectangle

test:  return an iterator of keyword from a header in a fits file .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the list of the version .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  remove   poll
truth:  remove   versions

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  runs the watchers test .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  check if version is available on the tipc .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert first value to a constant key .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  print a list of links to a function-call instance .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  compute polynomial 1st 1st in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  only return if requests and boto are installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  iterate over the content of the home directory .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  filter   unescaped
truth:  filter   entries

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  gets all open threads that correspond to the given exploration .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  fetches   resolved
truth:  fetches   threads

test:  cases classes passed the metaclass .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator to add a function or method to an action .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  get the __init__ file path of init that can be used as a phonenumber .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog by name from the catalog .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  make sure calling an instance is not installed .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  run   allows
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  cluster is a covariance matrix for identical clusters parameters results : array .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  return true if mode is from a fifo .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  return a email redirect to a user .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  query   allocate
truth:  query   user

test:  restful crud controller - used for hr .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  dump state to the given state .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return a list of users that are saved in the system .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  turn   generate
truth:  turn   users

test:  spartist -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  pulls   visualize
truth:  pulls   artist

test:  walk the vhd chain and adds its uuid to the parent .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  yield   uncheck
truth:  yield   element

test:  return a sorted list of tracked files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  create a set containing the given criteria .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  makes   were
truth:  makes   property

test:  this returns the update to push the update to push the update .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  build the egg from a filename: directory .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   stripped
truth:  build   egg

test:  returns the group id for the given course .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  given   preload
truth:  given   content

test:  get the filtered hostname from the import_str server .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  match a topic to match the topic .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  match   pass
truth:  match   document

test:  return a list of available users cli example: .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return true if filename matches the correct python file filename in the current python file name .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  construct a single key .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   crack
truth:  called   _

test:  same as a older b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  returns the inverse of a needed with respect to the choices .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  finds   forget
truth:  finds   inverse

test:  finder specified urls in locations .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  return a list of the roles that are available .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   serves
truth:  return   roles

test:  test if a certain group is valid .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   history

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% blocktrans ready for a {% blocktrans %}{{ {% blocktrans {% blocktrans you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  pulls   compose
truth:  pulls   usage

test:  to be an ospf interface to this deployment .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  take   paging
truth:  take   interface

test:  maximum of array with a long-int .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   saving
truth:  enable   feature

test:  format a - filename .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  return the path to the plot .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  fill in markdown text blocks .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  writes   setuptools
truth:  writes   notebook

test:  normalize metagenomeseqs input path to a directory of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  performs   input_fft_v
truth:  performs   normalization

test:  checking the value of a method is returned by an alternative .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checks   batch
truth:  checks   code

test:  release the tag from the homepage .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  tag   bandstop
truth:  tag   release

test:  return string from a file p .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  creates a new dataset on the given resource views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  creates   registering
truth:  creates   views

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  polynomials   pulls
truth:  polynomials   null

test:  retrieves a parsed indexes for the specified namespace .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return true if the request has staff-level as abbreviated .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  convert a list to a numpy array .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   switch
truth:  converts   list

test:  test column column info for the mixin columns .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  test   mutate
truth:  test   column

test:  get a string from a string .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  a decorator to makes a function that returns a new record .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the test layers .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  return   specifies
truth:  return   methods

test:  return a pair of obj which is caching between permutations and ones .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  substitute   homebrew_packages
truth:  substitute   structure

test:  an event request handler .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  noop   pulls
truth:  noop   null

test:  compile python implementation to strfor .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  takes   force
truth:  takes   kwargs

test:  log memory log handlers according to database .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  configure   embed
truth:  configure   logging

test:  get analyze plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  return a context manager for the given schema .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   skipped
truth:  function   use

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  check to make sure set_positions works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  apply the vagrant monitor on the vagrant vm .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  unpause when a multi-line has all left .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  scheduled   pulls
truth:  scheduled   null

test:  parse a text string of tokens and return a list of tokens .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  returns the spacing matrix to create a symmetric matrix .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  return the path to the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   randomise
truth:  translates   message

test:  wrap single decorator to temporarily return value in a single argument .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  use   provide
truth:  use   provider

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  generates a generator of grafts for the given upload .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   pulls
truth:  prepare   null

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  return true if this is a valid html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  returns the valid column name .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  normalize a paragraph of text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   supports
truth:  normalize   text

test:  skip a test if the command is unavailable .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skips   carry
truth:  skips   test

test:  flip fiducials between two different plugins .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  adjust   limiting
truth:  adjust   order

test:  list all libraries available for the logged in lib .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   sanitize
truth:  list   libraries

test:  return the first answer of a trace on the factorization of the trace set to the second slash .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  loads   autoencoder
truth:  loads   xml

test:  sets a transaction manager for the current thread and code streak .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   trailing
truth:  sets   flag

test:  get all group access for given group type .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   emit
truth:  get   access

test:  equalize the input image to the given distances .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  return   unplug
truth:  return   equalization

test:  calls the regexp with the cache and refreshed it to the client .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  pulls   eliminating
truth:  pulls   cache

test:  encodes string value to utf-8 encoded value .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  compresses   bench
truth:  compresses   value

test:  return the digest digest for a given key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extract   recreate
truth:  extract   portion

test:  create the pid for the project instance .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  return a vagrant config object .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  parses   freezing
truth:  parses   configuration

test:  check if a volume is available .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  helper for capturing counts on a issue .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initializes   flow
truth:  initializes   fields

test:  creates the given number of bits necessary to the given number of bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   execute
truth:  convert   region

test:  given a query string and a datetime .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  aggregate   associated
truth:  aggregate   listing

test:  confine this module to windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  return a nested tuple of the given tuple containing nodes .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  main function to run the main entry-point .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute on given key .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   allowing
truth:  is   adapter

test:  assert that the tpot items are equal .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  scheduled asset .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  test   batched
truth:  test   guess

test:  check if a path exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   aligns
truth:  get   volume

test:  copies a disk image to an destination .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  temporarily change the input to the context of the provided working directory .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  pulls   prioritized
truth:  pulls   messages

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get all available 15m of all tests .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  finds   belonging
truth:  finds   migrations

test:  return the first mirrors used for the latex .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  convert   move
truth:  convert   latex

test:  create a backup for a collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  returns the login url for the given url .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  fetch a specific build from the table .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  test plotting of epochs .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  test   permutates
truth:  test   epochs

test:  return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  return   hits
truth:  return   filter

test:  include the macros section of a dir .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   alignment
truth:  write   section

test:  parses the timestamp and return the embedded and timestamp from a string like it .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes the specified network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  roll back reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   optimizes
truth:  roll   reservations

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  return safari_extensions information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  regression test for url this one uses wcs .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  returns a list of running tasks for all tasks in the course that have running instructor for the given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  given a list of column tuples .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  returns   throw
truth:  returns   x

test:  a decorator to bad methods for mask and patch its final methods on certain node .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  patch   dumping
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return a dict with keys initialized from an re .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  copy file from one ftp-instance to another .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  returns a new input or pandas-like thread queue .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  configure   scaled
truth:  configure   queue

test:  a simple tasks that expects a celery time to start a message in the simulator .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  a function to create an existing profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the points to the brands point .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create an hdf5 file descriptor by name .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  test if a package contains no exception instances .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  ensure   needed
truth:  ensure   fit

test:  return a dictionary with a subset of the tree tree .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  return the database data in the given db .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given an object f and a class instance .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a dict mapping discussion_ids to their callback .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  wait until the javascript has completed .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  using   reported
truth:  using   function

test:  truncate by days of days used for examples .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   gives
truth:  truncate   days

test:  get the additional length of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  convert a dict like that is a query .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   executed
truth:  flatten   dictionary

test:  formats a tuple to pass it to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   pulls
truth:  formats   null

test:  does the lhs record for given lhs and return a string .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  an email address .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  es2 friendly during ok .
truth: if a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validates a value that can be cast into a positive integer or zero .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  raise exception if microversion header contains syntax .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  log   eventlet
truth:  log   warning

test:  when a cohort is created .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  return the intersection of a source or source lines .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  calculates   downgrades
truth:  calculates   point

test:  looks up resource_data by resource_id and key .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  lookup   restoring
truth:  lookup   data

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  numpy boundaries - convert middle to a numpy representation .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  the musicbrainz tween api call with the given request and request .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  pulls   raise
truth:  pulls   term

test:  create a create a testsuite .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  make   mutes
truth:  make   app

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  find unique columns for a given field .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  provides a bok-choy literal string as an entity literal .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  validates   preloading
truth:  validates   host

test:  test end to end test for show command .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  fixture that provides a blob with a bucket that inherits to test .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  run a shell tunnel on a remote server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  checks to see if a file exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  upload a file to a temporary folder .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  uploads   suggest
truth:  uploads   folder

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  performs an encrypted header for a failure to the given key .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  encrypts   labeled
truth:  encrypts   file

test:  print the value of a process .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   emitting
truth:  print   character

test:  formats a task eta as a relative time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   mount
truth:  formats   task

test:  return the number of cpu cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns if a function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  converts list of cron converts to cron .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  converts   attribute
truth:  converts   statements

test:  add point from loop and between loops .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return the tails array after trimming distribution from both tails .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  slices   pulls
truth:  slices   null

test:  a decorator that doesnt do anything .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  add   carry
truth:  add   test

test:  a decorator that makes a memoize method calls the memoize function .
truth: create a property . 
test:  create   were
truth:  create   property

test:  forces a user to redirect to after a registration registration .
truth: takes request . 
test:  takes   knapsack
truth:  takes   request

test:  worked a custom 404 handler .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  use the given view to render the active view of a specific application .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  load a session file and returns a handle object .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   command
truth:  load   session

test:  simple utility function to simple url for uploaded files .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  get   bring
truth:  get   page

test:  copy data from src to dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  attempts   lambert
truth:  attempts   src

test:  decorates list of blacklisted info .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  try   bandstop
truth:  try   release

test:  returns true if filename is a directory containing an arbitrary source file .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  tests   labeled
truth:  tests   file

test:  emit the most of the record for a given zone .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  ensures   clip
truth:  ensures   record

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   labels
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses an iso 8601 formatted and returns a tuple like .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   thrown
truth:  parses   standard

test:  process the salt minion to force this process is logged in .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  verify that the auditors auditors auditors returns true if working exists .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  use   linked
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  helper for y:: for qcut and subtracts them into the linear covariance that can be used as a float .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  make sure the test fails with an unexpected error message .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a fresh parameter value .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  is   crowding
truth:  is   docstring

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  pulls   listed
truth:  pulls   constant

test:  if a string can be converted to an int or a string .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  convert from vector to explicit matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  perform twitter dance and open a twitter app and auth .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  given a courses name .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  get   force
truth:  get   kwargs

test:  add a user from the repositories .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  makes a vdi and return the new vdis reference .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  move   pulls
truth:  move   null

test:  use this function to print a bug that will build all the original files for the given document .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  pulls   entering
truth:  pulls   demonstration

test:  returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  lists all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  lists   interpolated
truth:  lists   plugins

test:  return the test component of the appropriate ui cli example: .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  return   carry
truth:  return   test

test:  remove the tag at the bottom of a repository .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  given a clsid .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  make sure the directory for |path| exists .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  expandtabs -> str return the leading one character of the string s in a given encoding .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  decode the output of a set of strings into a list of pairs .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function will async version of flaky to async version .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  returns none .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  create simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return true if path is absolute and is using prefix else false .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  scatter mcmc .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  *pyc importer rather than the "local" editor need to be saved .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  deprecated   seconds
truth:  deprecated   editor

test:  converts a url into a tuple that can be used to a url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   fill
truth:  normalize   pathname

test:  calculates a certificate details .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  get the matrix keys .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  attach a fan if each object is in the queryset of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   pulls
truth:  attach   null

test:  returns a context object that is used for the given instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  asks the printed expression from a condition and a file-like object to a string .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  create the memory submission data file .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   flip
truth:  build   python

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  pulls   tail
truth:  pulls   getattr

test:  this method takes the pk and adds hint to the results of parent .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  serializing   mounts
truth:  serializing   objects

test:  takes a timedelta and returns the total number of seconds represented by the object .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  custom page .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : loan_type : rate:% .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  return   masked
truth:  return   month

test:  create the special stonith command stonith the stonith for the stonith resource extra_args additional options for the pcs section of the pcs use cibfile instead of the live cib for
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   negate
truth:  create   resource

test:  list all of the symlinks stored on the master cli example: .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  is   inquire
truth:  is   tool

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  plots a subplot results of a figure .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  show   switch
truth:  show   list

test:  method to get the path from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  get   msg
truth:  get   component

test:  create a task object .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  load a model and returns a dataset that runs the given autoencoder .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  test that a trailing spaces with trailing row in the table .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  trailing   highlight
truth:  trailing   row

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a list of service that are enabled on boot cli example: .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  return the event in the running state output .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   sampling
truth:  get   clock

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  close the session object for this request .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   enhanced
truth:  close   object

test:  in python 2 this is a debug function .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  get   created
truth:  get   mode

test:  if the given object can access the descriptor .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  asserts that the count count of mail message is implemented .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   lettuce
truth:  assert   emails

test:  output the datatype data passed into json .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  check if an object is a web one .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  class decorator to roles are not patched in a given module .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  modify   safe_octal
truth:  modify   class

test:  filter otu table to otu table .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  filter   bounds
truth:  filter   table

test:  gprs release section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  load the china file into an openid .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  checks if a project is a valid project for the given project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  ensure   forgot
truth:  ensure   project

test:  build a database api version using the functional tests .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  checks   extract
truth:  checks   version

test:  returns a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  return the version of a package installed .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  make sure that reports errors correctly .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  create a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  handles   escaped
truth:  handles   post

test:  univariate series inversion 1/p modulo o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  multivariate   renders
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  start a domain based on a xml-file path passed to the function cli example: .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   union
truth:  define   domain

test:  return the path to a specified path .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  power a remote * if available .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  request   stores
truth:  request   name

test:  does the bracket cache on the fly .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  create a topic name .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  create   stores
truth:  create   name

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  repeatedly tile the next digits needed to make it the {package: an etree or a phone .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  context manager to do something of the execer .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get a tool_dependency from the database .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  returns   mixed
truth:  returns   engine

test:  thx to authenticate .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  token   pulls
truth:  token   null

test:  temporarily set the thing of an object to a given value then finished .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   inspects
truth:  set   attr

test:  set up the libcloud functions and check for cloudstack configurations .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  lists a list of commands for the command .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  test to ensure that dictionary works as expected .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   exposes
truth:  tests   values

test:  check if the given element if a string has any possible characters .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  verifies whether inverse dates are running in the correct date .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  ensure   flattening
truth:  ensure   field

test:  return true if the given flags flags are set .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  looks up recursively for a drum_group instrument in a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  decode string to hex bit as per rfc4648 .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   shared
truth:  decodes   string

test:  verifies that the mailchimp list matches the given course and returns true if all lists have any of lists have a given course .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return the ceph cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  given a module .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  import   switch
truth:  import   list

test:  returns a user subscribes to the correct user .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  updates   support
truth:  updates   time

test:  scrub the device name from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   advance
truth:  scrub   title

test:  return a list of all available languages in the system .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  helper method for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   parsefile
truth:  create   descriptor

test:  merge the value into the destination .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts a decimal point to decimal .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  multiplies   uncheck
truth:  multiplies   element

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   homebrew_packages
truth:  walks   structure

test:  check to see if a module is installed or not .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  run a command in a given stdout .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  helper for displaying an elementtree based on sys .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  import   map
truth:  import   implementation

test:  print a list of orders .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  makes sure that the clip is valid .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a flavor from instances system_metadata by metadata .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   tile
truth:  delete   information

test:  turn on one thread and its registration_ids into a queue .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  remove   backported
truth:  remove   handlers

test:  return a list of support labels .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  table with re and auto-column data structures for rel/bit-packed if the table is specified and anything .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  read   bounds
truth:  read   table

test:  version of a module .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  load a template from a template file and returns it .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  loads   inspect
truth:  loads   eggs

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return the harrell-davis estimate of a gaussian mean .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  location reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  updating   alignment
truth:  updating   section

test:  collect all child and attributes for a container .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collect   instantiate
truth:  collect   arguments

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   bring
truth:  create   page

test:  generates a mac address that encodes the given mac address .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  pulls   decides
truth:  pulls   sha1

test:  adds a symbol to a given address to show uri on one .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  register a encoder/decoder into the commandline .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  shut down the local node and saving the column-ordered process on the local node .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shut   clones
truth:  shut   server

test:  escapes an html snippet .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   supports
truth:  escape   text

test:  set the format attribute of a precision to a subfmt .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  set   been
truth:  set   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   alignment
truth:  connect   section

test:  return a new programmatic object with the given source .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  do   consisting
truth:  do   link

test:  a nice context manager that validates the given block in a different structure .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if the notification validity is valid .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  return   l{twisted
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns the notification type for the global subscription .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  given   l{twisted
truth:  given   subscription

test:  return the temp directory path .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  format a line of quoted lines in quoted way .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  copy the cache result if it uses the cache cache .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  reads a configuration file and returns a dictionary representing the configuration header .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get hosts with the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only load this module if the environment is installed .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  work   rect
truth:  work   work

test:  the country hierarchy records for a given country .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  returns   colorized
truth:  returns   context

test:  this mutes the cheatsheets .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  calling   reported
truth:  calling   function

test:  returns the proper group owner and path to the incron directory .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   chop
truth:  returns   owner

test:  convert the argument of seconds into separate words .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  formats   account
truth:  formats   human

test:  unregister the signal hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   maintain
truth:  unregister   mail

test:  gets a list of field names and a model name .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return available namedtuple .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a registered plugin by name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   protected
truth:  create   urlconf

test:  function to mark a testtools method in order to be called when the current context .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   located
truth:  mark   method

test:  create keyring for a specific keyring cli example: .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  evaluates a list of tuples where each node is located .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  handles   increase
truth:  handles   nodes

test:  dont crash when the given mrg_randomstreams .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  calling   reassemble
truth:  calling   compute

test:  toggle the widget of the widget .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  decorator to add a subsection task usage for each feature to the transaction and a subsection event .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  updates   targets
truth:  updates   grade

test:  generate a random uuid .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  format help entry with a message .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  pulls   xfail
truth:  pulls   help

test:  filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   understemmed
truth:  filters   results

test:  return dict in the network that is used to update used by the final attribute of a match .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  unpack   pulls
truth:  unpack   null

test:  open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  restart service listeners .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  return a random global timeout object from the given url .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   processing
truth:  pulls   urllib2

test:  get versions of the git .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  get   tsv
truth:  get   components

test:  copies the provided entries to the list of entries .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  numlist : numlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   algorithm
truth:  translate   points

test:  removes accents from a string .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  transform   deployed
truth:  transform   symbols

test:  add f to f in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  roundrobin take elements from iterables in a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   search
truth:  roundrobin   d

test:  transforms a filename to disk .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   wanted
truth:  clean   filename

test:  formats the status of a github api to a defined github web2py .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   point
truth:  format   status

test:  api: send a vo service to an s3 request .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to create a tensors with a gaussian base class and normal for each input .
truth: add i . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  encode a range range(port_max & ~ to an iterable of rules .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  encode   simplifying
truth:  encode   range

test:  stores a selector .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  allow   match
truth:  allow   syntax

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   repartition
truth:  comma   leaf

test:  the handler for which can be used to call another page processor .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return the list of language language language codes for this module .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   stretch
truth:  return   language

test:  helper to inclusive a method within a node .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  url   format
truth:  url   parameter

test:  returns the mac address of the given ipv6 address as defined by rfc 2822 .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  passing a file with one delimiter to its bad delimiter .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  test and m-th a qurl resource .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  solves solves x .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  decompress a string like 08:00:00 .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  run any committed tests that require their options .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  executes   compiles
truth:  executes   suite

test:  produces consistent chart consistent data .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  create   replay
truth:  create   chart

test:  convert real matrix to real matrices .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  reconstruct   requesting
truth:  reconstruct   i

test:  tests that a matrix of multinomial has the right shape 2) .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   cleaning
truth:  tests   matrix

test:  ensure that the named existing virtual host is absent .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  check whether a phone number is a carrier number .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  try to guess if a file is an operation .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  truncate this factory method .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroys   clip
truth:  destroys   record

test:  pick only auxiliary channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   go
truth:  pick   channels

test:  always returns none .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  test disconnect without arguments .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds a new controller to the addition table on disk .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  changes the specified host to the java server by agent_rel_path .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  change table for a weight on the input .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  pulls   bootstrapping
truth:  pulls   retry

test:  prints the machine-readable information for printing the desired summary handler .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  pulls   query
truth:  pulls   position

test:  returns the version string for the current locale .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  check if dependencies are available .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  take a list of iterable of iterable of all items of those defined in the iterable of all items of a given iterable .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  pulls   reduce
truth:  pulls   shorthand

test:  a context manager that temporarily change the quota_usages preferred preferred preferred .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  randomly configure source string for the given domain .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  generates an iterator of random tuples or sequence of length n .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the result of the given message .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  standardizes   widgets
truth:  standardizes   responses

test:  return the virtual memory for the given virtual machine .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  autostartup chardetect import application .
truth: execute app . 
test:  execute   mutes
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull salt file references out of the states .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  pull   weblate
truth:  pull   references

test:  checks that this is not an nodelocalstate for the given token .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  remove contacts from the users that it exists in the elasticsearch .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  fetch a lyricswiki from lyricswiki .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  fetch   pulls
truth:  fetch   null

test:  use netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   unjoin
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  convert a given request to a python object .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  fail unless the expected_paths file at rpm_path contains all the expected_paths .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  fail   labeled
truth:  fail   file

test:  checks if the given result is good enough best .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  generates the encoded task flake .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  -   files
truth:  -   check

test:  return number of items in a list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  count   enhance
truth:  count   items

test:  testing the dataset .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   launches
truth:  evaluates   sine

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  display the currently set network time time :return: the current time time time zone if supported .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  load a new index file from a given path .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  parse   commit
truth:  parse   repository

test:  shares an existing users password .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  terminate   generate
truth:  terminate   users

test:  deletes a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  deletes   reduced
truth:  deletes   cli

test:  ensures that the parameters safe = filters: are sff .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  computes   humanized
truth:  computes   energy

test:  performs a new repo path .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  prompt   crop
truth:  prompt   directory

test:  get the raw url to an http request .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  get   located
truth:  get   method

test:  create a new racadm that uses the given step .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  output   quotes
truth:  output   map

test:  return true if we can show the given context .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pops the osx dir for the specified package .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  setup   package
truth:  setup   launchd

test:  return a finder function by name .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  this function does the layer pattern .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  constructs   hash
truth:  constructs   flow

test:  return the signal for a ctrl .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  handle   rescales
truth:  handle   event

test:  first_front the specified network device .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  load a plugin from the file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  attach a volume .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  fetches an existing usercontributionsmodel and datastore datastore .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  commits   allocate
truth:  commits   user

test:  callback for tests .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  create a snapshot in a google machine .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  perform   centralized
truth:  perform   backup

test:  return the tell level node in a comment .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  handle merging of nodes of a matlab graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  callback   increase
truth:  callback   nodes

test:  sort an iterable of integers .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  get   enhance
truth:  get   items

test:  clear all the album usage: .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  clear   guessing
truth:  clear   namespace

test:  returns true if the specified number is a string or vagrant long .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  add   sparks
truth:  add   number

test:  given the compiler for distutils .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   img
truth:  get   compiler

test:  prompts the user for a specific number of responses .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  prompt   generate
truth:  prompt   users

test:  returns the spec for the given array .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  retrieve   teardown
truth:  retrieve   type

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  get current video subtitle .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   skills
truth:  get   track

test:  return the instance of an instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  shortcut   stores
truth:  shortcut   name

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  function to return the list of sections for the given series the sections are returned in the order of their position in the stable series .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  cancel a function of f .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  lowest lowest between 2 elements .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  branching branching branching rule into one .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  compose   reveal
truth:  compose   sequence

test:  create a new index column .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  get the strings into a string .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  turns   preloading
truth:  turns   host

test:  save a temporarily record for a given stream .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  opens   takes
truth:  opens   stream

test:  returns the language-code thats listed in the language-code variant .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  saves the configuration to a file .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   freezing
truth:  save   configuration

test:  the objective function for the individual scale .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  pulls   publish
truth:  pulls   graph

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided test suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  generate   binhexed
truth:  generate   tests

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  give the preferred channels for the channel .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  fixture providing a fake mode for memoizing into the container .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  patch   knapsack
truth:  patch   request

test:  returns the storage description of the archive as a dictionary .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  create   chops
truth:  create   un

test:  make the timezone-agnostic rules for the current thread .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  set   put
truth:  set   rules

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  computes the bayesian log likelihood of the bayesian likelihood .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   tile
truth:  computes   information

test:  handles preprocessing on a dataframe .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  compile a python package to the appropriate one .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  does   writing
truth:  does   ironpython

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  converts a json passed to its entity .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  convert   connect
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns : ref_type | newline | embed | newline | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  pulls   controlled
truth:  pulls   identifier

test:  load a resource from a file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  return   sleep
truth:  return   files

test:  decorator for methods:: class when using a function is known .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get a backup by name .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   scaled
truth:  collecting   queue

test:  log a message for log purposes .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  initialize   decorating
truth:  initialize   log

test:  generates the width of the dataset .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  generates   representing
truth:  generates   specification

test:  return indices of nodes in a and b .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  constructs   stacking
truth:  constructs   grid

test:  returns the integer value needed to serialize a given integer .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  read a page from the given header which has been added .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  a context manager that logs out the user and updates a specific password on the host system .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  get   command
truth:  get   session

test:  get all objects within a namespace .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes the kth central moment for a violin plot .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  in the specific cache version .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  set   extract
truth:  set   version

test:  isprime:bool return a random n-bit prime number .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  this function is called to display a unicode to a file in the paper: document .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  find a randomized path to a file that is not available .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  print a status message to stdout .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  return a standardized source string .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  returns   exponential

test:  convert a sequence to a string .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  returns   been
truth:  returns   format

test:  a test immediately with the message .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a unique unique service for testing with the specified name .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  converts a string for use with its passwords to a unit string .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   initalize
truth:  convert   k

test:  get or set the radial ticklines .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a country instances .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   borrowed
truth:  given   instances

test:  transfer a directory down .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  determine if a given event operator is supported .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  changes   reported
truth:  changes   function

test:  decorator that protects endpoints using the gram-schmidt function .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  force   step
truth:  force   names

test:  prints a string to stdout .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  set the global entry in the global registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  check if pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check_call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  create an array with linear transformation matrix .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  check if an arch linux package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  check   downloading
truth:  check   package

test:  add arguments to an existing build .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  base   instantiate
truth:  base   arguments

test:  ensure that the address is listed in the same region .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  lookup   borrowed
truth:  lookup   instances

test:  return the simple context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  command   advised
truth:  command   commands

test:  setup the neato sensor platform .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  pretty print the num of an plurals message .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  verify   sparks
truth:  verify   number

test:  return a file or directory of the given path .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  this mutes the brocade results from the aiff given .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  delete   extends
truth:  delete   signals

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  only load this module if the disk execution module is available .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   git
truth:  load   ini

test:  show if a user has a clone of text .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  displayed   capitalizes
truth:  displayed   revision

test:  return a new instance of new instance .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  return   linked
truth:  return   crypto

test:  return the array or dummy group sums from a dummy variable or dummy dummy variable .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  sum   rising
truth:  sum   group

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the given ops .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  the user should not exist or it should be installed .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validates   pulls
truth:  validates   null

test:  creates a query to filter modules based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  tanh of a tensor .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  pulls   stay
truth:  pulls   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  calculate the peaks for the given image and distance between the given distance .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  find   measure

test:  get the xunit parameter itself .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  returns an umc module object prepared for editing an umc .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  update an instance or raise if it exists .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  update   urlencode
truth:  update   item

test:  download a format .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   labels
truth:  download   transform

test:  decorator to timing a function or completion .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  pulls   pinned_array
truth:  pulls   execution

test:  routing area update section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  read the contents of the file and return a l{sol} object .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  convert beginning to text file .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  try to read and return the docker-compose docker files cli example: .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   raising
truth:  read   docker

test:  test xunit output with different filename .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  combine two columns back to a and b .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  return   leaves
truth:  return   dictionaries

test:  use with this decorator protected protected in the database to make sure that the latest information is not in sync .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  pulls   emit
truth:  pulls   access

test:  disconnect receiver from sender and reports this gets taking them to filter for html .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  disconnect   selecting
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   inputhook
truth:  testing   sys

test:  return 3 items for the group of each frame .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a function that can be used as deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  list all instances .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   missed
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  converts the version string to a tuple .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  load a revision from db .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  get   capitalizes
truth:  get   revision

test:  create groups for each group in indices .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  command : next id lparen error rparen equals error .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   capturing
truth:  command   error

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return true if path is absolute .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  return   yield
truth:  return   bool

test:  get the remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   pack
truth:  get   edge

test:  return a list of arguments .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a volume type .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  ban user revisions as ban .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  returns a dictionary of mapping data to usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  check if the log of the given json object is less than editing .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  test that all ending ending in the same log file .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   skipped
truth:  test   use

test:  parse a file and return its parse tree .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes and vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   sigma
truth:  add   vertexes

test:  index page for a user .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  focused   takes
truth:  focused   stream

test:  convenience method that works with all 2 .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  print the error message to stderr .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  create network .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  look up an expression with samples drawn from a random tensor .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  sample   threshold
truth:  sample   distribution

test:  produce a url for a bokeh request .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  function   control
truth:  function   generation

test:  return a string representation of x in decimal .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  create agent to interact with a spinnaker server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  create   reading
truth:  create   agent

test:  print a message to standard log .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  returns the first largest first largest first largest first degree of g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  generate a top-level site items for the given url .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  create a table of the datastore .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  allow   emit
truth:  allow   access

test:  initial callback - invoked after the server sends its greet separated message .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  invoked   format_alignment
truth:  invoked   authentication

test:  return true if the variable is defined: .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  parses time like 1h 10s .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  a decorator that protects a function is called with http authentication .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   reuse
truth:  pulls   endpoints

test:  returns a list of standard include directories in the given path .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  returns a list of all the singular files for translation specified .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  checks if a language has been created for the current request .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  embed an album into the items media file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  convert a string argument to a difference .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  return a list of nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  get   put
truth:  get   rules

test:  determine if the linux source is mounted between the role and its arguments are from the role package .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  elementwise sigmoid logistic function .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create a exeggcutess between two statuses .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  generate   flow
truth:  generate   fields

test:  return a list of tuples representing the last active timestamp .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  did   returns
truth:  did   something

test:  convert a bundle to a matplotlib bundle for the specified bundle .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  read   crop
truth:  read   directory

test:  simulates creation of a directory called clone_dir inside of tmpdir .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  extract http basic auth from a http basic auth .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  assert that expected and grammar sets the correct set of objects .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  returns true if idle is using a os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the string representation of the given html .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  calls the api with the given name .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  set   fixes
truth:  set   manager

test:  return the lowercase and length of the string sequence as a list of characters .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   uncheck
truth:  manipulate   element

test:  retrieve grid data for a contributor .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  list vms on this azure account .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the placeholders .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  obtain   throttle
truth:  obtain   unit

test:  returns a iso8601 snippet for the xml metadata .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  determine if a is equal to the real matrix .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  convert a potential structure of the source coordinates to a potential .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  transfer   unlocking
truth:  transfer   source

test:  adds new kernel to the bootloader with the bootloader .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   iterator
truth:  add   kernel

test:  send promiscping who-has requests to determine which hosts are up promiscping -> none set cache=true if you want promiscping promiscping -> none .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   creates
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree positions in the trees which match the given pattern .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  get the again for a given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  struct_declarator : declarator colon constant_expression .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  verify that both want and git things are present .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure the marathon app exists .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  ensure   mutes
truth:  ensure   app

test:  return the kind of a key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  returns an iterator over the elements of a string s .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  decode one or more images into the => where the image is the path is the original production .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  setup the original config file object .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  setup   tear
truth:  setup   module

test:  get the list of files that implements dependencies of the specified executable .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  decompress gzipped data on a sequence .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  stream   enroll
truth:  stream   iterator

test:  get a new composite parent with the standard error code and restore it .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  record   wanted
truth:  record   filename

test:  test wsgi request .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  test   roundrobin
truth:  test   application

test:  get all instance faults for a given host .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  calling python sanity check .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  pulls   generalized
truth:  pulls   snippet

test:  fetch something from a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  mounts the specified service .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  restores the original follower of a file .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  restore   freezing
truth:  restore   configuration

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the unicode string contained in a python 3 .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  return the contents of the given git .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a partial file prefix with the prefix & lock .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  object   place
truth:  object   generator

test:  decode ctc loss algorithm on each beam .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  decodes   flattens
truth:  decodes   output

test:  list available auth keyring .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  list   review
truth:  list   keys

test:  change the users home phone cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   unlink
truth:  change   phone

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  runs the function using wsgify and return response as an alternative for that if it otherwise 2nd .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  return a list of all directories on the container that are on the master .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the active system result or a specific selinux pattern cli example: .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  returns the size of linode for a linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  like getattr but return value .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  replaces convert .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return information on the moose cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  returns all the folders under the folder id passed .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  return a copy of response body with the provided body .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   logging
truth:  create   flask

test:  cast a numpy array to a dtype or same type .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   tabulate
truth:  create   makefile

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   satisfy
truth:  delete   container

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  wait until a condition has a condition to receive .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   dictionary
truth:  wait   condition

test:  return the z-file for the dataset init .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wrapper to set the parameters of a call to be passed as an expected value .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  assert   batch
truth:  assert   code

test:  decorator to add a dummy variable to a method of the decorated class or semi-random class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password hash given the data .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  returns the arp proxyconfig for the arp table .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  resolve the provided document .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   pass
truth:  resolve   document

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  check   alignment
truth:  check   section

test:  lists all available updates cli example: .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  custom decorator to custom model class based on a custom model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  process the faces from the elementnode .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compare that will never be valid .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a test model populated with the given parameters .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  yaml: shining enable shining cluster if it is unknown .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a key into a string of binary digits .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  expr : integer | float .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   pulls
truth:  expr   null

test:  returns the right after a method or precision to the given precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  round   sparks
truth:  round   number

test:  remove multiple characters in expr .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  see :meth: .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  generate   registers
truth:  generate   product

test:  returns the position of the word with respect to the given strings appended .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  converts the group id from the gid if required .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   controlled
truth:  convert   identifier

test:  helper function to get a list of qsavefile objects for a given user .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   centralized
truth:  get   backup

test:  registers a callback to dispatch or raise if it exists .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  call   located
truth:  call   method

test:  compute dummy image evoked data for proj .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   zoom
truth:  compute   vectors

test:  helper function to generate coordinates with negative screensize radius .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  draw   forwards
truth:  draw   image

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   authorizes
truth:  require   command

test:  returns a node of the graph g in the given expression .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  return   craft
truth:  return   expr

test:  a url for the last temporarily ldap imdb .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  returns   unpatch
truth:  returns   matching

test:  creates an openid response for use in smtp/impa authentication .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  loads and returns a postgres server .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  return   enters
truth:  return   bucket

test:  find the longest longest tree with the same shape and right .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns the most appropriate contact uses the first health .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  fills   r^2
truth:  fills   form

test:  returns a list of notifications notifications that are available .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  those that handling of those images off and does not run .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  converts a numeric image to the default image .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  promote   pulls
truth:  promote   null

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  stop all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  activate   resulting
truth:  activate   workers

test:  turn an example nested dictionary of results into a flat dict of results where each item is a nested dictionary will be converted .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable the docker plugin from systemd service .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  enable   identifies
truth:  enable   plugin

test:  return true if the url is a valid ssh url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  check   drop
truth:  check   ssh

test:  test requestspec .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   rotate
truth:  test   loading

test:  return the given template string in the given template .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  compile   storing
truth:  compile   template

test:  transform all the valid expressions into usuable for the supplied uri .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  transform   trimmed
truth:  transform   uri

test:  helper to check that numpy bug has the same labels .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  return y minus best fit line; linear detrending .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the error message for this process .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  readers that text columns in columns of shape are optionally inequality if the columns is large to use the number of data .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   lets
truth:  denied   handler

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   flattening
truth:  convert   field

test:  return art url from itunes .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  tests the creation of a pickle root by a given user .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  check for issue sets of [lat .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  finds   rfc
truth:  finds   distance

test:  returns an instance of the model class with the given name .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   wrapped
truth:  returns   permission

test:  export the given register to a new color property .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  return   rearranges
truth:  return   import

test:  wrap a function with a mg and set it .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  provides   accentuated
truth:  provides   getter

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  colorize   displaying
truth:  colorize   ref

test:  deletes a review request .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  determine if the url can connect to this url .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return the number of workers in the db .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  get the terminal class .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a list of the format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  custom limit_dict to custom limit_dict limit_dict .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  opencl get_global_size() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  creates two exits to a calendar .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the num-th fibonacci number .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  remove xml file .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get a string representing the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  returns   squeezing
truth:  returns   uuid

test:  returns a string of matching the form of a callable .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  return the firewall for the specified vm .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  create   need
truth:  create   interfaces

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  get the current logged in both the server and the given 'networks' names .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  get nested fakes3:// from nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  evaluate the definite integral of a b-spline .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  find   estimate
truth:  find   roots

test:  create image metadata for an image file .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  enrich   post_save
truth:  enrich   metadata

test:  return the longest string of a list of strings in a string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   step
truth:  remove   names

test:  create an album field from its plugins .
truth: as above . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  release media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  return a dict describing all the available guests path on the given host .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  return   prefilled
truth:  return   hosts

test:  get the list of pids of all pids running pids .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all instances that match all included in a binary representation .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  test error covariance matrix of labels .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   gated
truth:  tests   wether

test:  return dataframe blocks for pandas dataframe .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  replace   step
truth:  replace   names

test:  returns a list of units that are prefixed by the given unit .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  handle the http response .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a tuple for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  return the value for a configuration file .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  compute the matrix from a sequence of rokhlins random numbers .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  test for a change of label .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  return the configured entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   allocated
truth:  return   mongodb

test:  returns a list of all about the about the about vim .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  if the groups syntax has a too index .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  handles   small_stmts
truth:  handles   line

test:  returns the map of all objects an open gc .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  single transaction denied page .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  denied   bring
truth:  denied   page

test:  create a devicendarray object that is like device on the first thread .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  call   rectified
truth:  call   cuda

test:  helper to get a python code block from iso format .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   converted
truth:  return   block

test:  get a template for source or reissues fold .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  retrieves   bartels
truth:  retrieves   contents

test:  return the given string with all occurrences of a single space .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  calculate the minimum minimum labels of the values of an array at labels .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  calculate   echo
truth:  calculate   minimum

test:  put all images in the filepath .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   currents
truth:  toggle   state

test:  depends on the given function and add to those that fixes are lists and add to the right content .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get the bracket line index .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  delete all the new instances .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   enhance
truth:  delete   items

test:  returns a tuple of given stream .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  expects   takes
truth:  expects   stream

test:  create an action instance of the given app .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  return   pick
truth:  return   callback

test:  send a message to a single concurrency .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  broken   reported
truth:  broken   function

test:  return a list of objects for the given service instance .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns a tuple of custom entities to be custom in a list of custom fields .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  get   tokens
truth:  get   union

test:  applies permissions for the given doc and optionally add its path to the given document .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   expand
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  make format the prefs for the sample .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  format   labeled
truth:  format   file

test:  return true if the named service is poweroff .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  issue   starting
truth:  issue   shutdown

test:  returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a class object with one of the same steps as the single thing in the class .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  decorates   safe_octal
truth:  decorates   class

test:  helper function to read the beginning and write to it in sys .
truth: open stream . 
test:  open   takes
truth:  open   stream

test:  return a list of the names of a resource .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  filter all errors whose != errors from the given list of errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filter   pulls
truth:  filter   null

test:  test multiple appending options set by environmental variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   translates
truth:  test   flags

test:  normalize the points in a given row .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   algorithm
truth:  normalize   points

test:  assigns a single imdb that will return the image .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  ensure relative .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  tests   wants
truth:  tests   parts

test:  remove non-print characters from a string .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  trim   shared
truth:  trim   string

test:  return the current flag command .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  attach an existing node to a node .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  add   looping
truth:  add   node

test:  return the last access time of a file .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  return   suppresses
truth:  return   seconds

test:  read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   interpolates
truth:  read   lang

test:  set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   reported
truth:  set   function

test:  does an items have attribute .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  allows   archive
truth:  allows   member

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  create a new object .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  fix various ie to always contain the criteria .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified time .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  an exception raised for rotation matrix raised for coercing .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  check   restoring
truth:  check   data

test:  delete a config key with a config key .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  returns the set of all nodes in the given node which contains the given treepos .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns an iterator over all values in the given list .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  detach elb .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   registered
truth:  detach   elb

test:  compress the given data and return the appropriate one .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  handles   find_goroutine
truth:  handles   compression

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  fix for all the keys in the provided dictionary .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  converts from color to hex color .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  decorator that checks if the request user has the permission to restricted a certain request .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  prevent   usage_key_string
truth:  prevent   view

test:  returns the value turned into a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  print an error message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  get the md5 hash of the v1 given file .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  shuffles the input data x for safe and largest x [dim x classes into x .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  convert binary search to integer .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  create   preserve
truth:  create   int

test:  run js on a file .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set up the insteon sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors and for the specified duration .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   subset
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  test end to end test for pip show command .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  test   objects
truth:  test   show

test:  return the weight space between 2 and reduce the outputs .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  pulls   multiplicative_expression
truth:  pulls   initialization

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  find a set of table based on the columns and the column name .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  inputs   bounds
truth:  inputs   table

test:  check that choice names given in *choices* are the only ones values .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  asserts   pulls
truth:  asserts   null

test:  create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   borrowed
truth:  create   instances

test:  generator to set all numbered symbols starting at a given url .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in f and g from f in k[x] .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  compare   round
truth:  compare   polynomials

test:  return the cumulative product of n and v .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  list availability zones for all vms .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   resamples
truth:  list   zones

test:  create and return qr with qrcode .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of dns services that contain the specified subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  get   wait
truth:  get   servers

test:  set default credentials value to be changed .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  add a put put to remote server .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  does   demonstrates
truth:  does   setup

test:  sign a username to a generic username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  set   expose
truth:  set   credentials

test:  get all repositories from the head .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  read source spaces and destination spaces .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   unlocking
truth:  read   source

test:  strip the first line of a footer in a given text .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  given   supports
truth:  given   text

test:  replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   review
truth:  replace   keys

test:  return the most recent users that the most recently updated on a particular activity .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  send emails to notify the given exploration .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a list of names of methods of obj .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  patched version of os .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the list of build device files in the setup setup .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  parse the text of a python string .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   reported
truth:  control   function

test:  return a list of parameters or none if no device defined .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  parse the output from a string and return the cleanups expression .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   flattens
truth:  parses   output

test:  create a new server listening to ssl indexers .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  define   clones
truth:  define   server

test:  given a nested path .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  adds parameters to url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist | varlist .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  helper function which performs a unit action is needed for access to the user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  verify that the method name is actually an instance of a method and dont methods .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  creates   located
truth:  creates   method

test:  given the output of a call to theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   flattens
truth:  given   output

test:  renders a template in the currently set locale .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  show all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  print   choice
truth:  print   formats

test:  dumps a value to a dictionary .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  returns the value turned into element in seq .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return a list of available endpoint cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   mask
truth:  test   accuracy

test:  returns the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  strips   connect
truth:  strips   entities

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  add a help help to the django context .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  execute   lambda
truth:  execute   django

test:  returns the path to the heads config file .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  escapes   skipped
truth:  escapes   use

test:  a decorator to unpatch a function as a unpatch .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  pulls   reflect
truth:  pulls   testcase

test:  setup the cow container .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  setup   satisfy
truth:  setup   container

test:  create an image file .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  call   wanted
truth:  call   filename

test:  decorator for benchmarks that allow the decorated attributes to be used on the given class .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  click the command line options in a each table .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  step   emits
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list containing the paths matching the specified path .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  main function for this module .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  start   authorizes
truth:  start   command

test:  check for a given virtual environment .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  scan for a list of ports .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scans   edit
truth:  scans   ports

test:  check if all supports subsecond works .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  test   generating
truth:  test   shell

test:  string defining a specs using the filenames .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  run a python script in a subprocess .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   optimized
truth:  run   script

test:  find all randomsymbols expression with uncouple .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  convert a string representation of the locale formats for date and time .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  return default extension type .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by start .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  returns the cost cost of the graph g .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  compute   runs
truth:  compute   cost

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   differ
truth:  convert   rest

test:  returns a list of all enumerate cliques in the graph .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  uninstall a bower package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   downloading
truth:  uninstall   package

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method on one or more executor .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the application from the model that is either a dpid or continue .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return a list of access paths for the given path string .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  given   been
truth:  given   format

test:  unflatten -> list returns a list of nodes .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iter   chisquare
truth:  iter   tuples

test:  handler for qute:log .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this function has been moved to matplotlib curve .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the object referenced by package .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  format the given text to make it readable by the english code .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  display   labeled
truth:  display   file

test:  change the brightness of multiply images .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  change   c_value_type
truth:  change   brightness

test:  returns the non-existent alternating 4 of the graph g .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a datetime object to a datetime .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  check if the whole whole string is valid .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  redirects to the specified location using http location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  redirects   widening
truth:  redirects   location

test:  register a new handlers handler for the given handlers .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   backported
truth:  register   handlers

test:  generates a random three key and iv .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   listen
truth:  generates   key

test:  compute the median absolute error .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  pulls   negotiate
truth:  pulls   loss

test:  compute the special matrix that is non-zero from the input data x .
truth: computes np . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  test the http request handler class .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   lets
truth:  test   handler

test:  return a host free port that catches from the given port .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return the purchase .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  check if value contains valid safely characters .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns random string value with provided types .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  package   pulls
truth:  package   null

test:  register many properties with the page .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   clones
truth:  register   server

test:  get all the attribute statistics for a given layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  generate   constrain
truth:  generate   attribute

test:  return a list of biopython string .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  make it easier to use the backend as a doctest .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create two blocklist object .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  ensure a value is cluster in a cluster node with a given name followed by a new value usage: .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ensure   were
truth:  ensure   property

test:  test ask with custom context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  affine weight .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  pulls   rescanning
truth:  pulls   weights

test:  deletes an tag or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  only works on windows systems with pywin32 .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  for all config hooks within the most recently feature .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  returns a new instance of the given commands .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  write file with given filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  gets the same arguments for the given object .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  resets   building
truth:  resets   tag

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  extract common subrois of a timeseries file into a python data structure .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   disconnect
truth:  extract   courses

test:  get permissions for a given doc and add it to the latest doc role .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  set the global ui path .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return true if git is installed .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  check   unparsing
truth:  check   git

test:  check a password against a given salted and hashed password value .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  check parallel classifier selects smaller class label in parallel predict .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   carry
truth:  mark   test

test:  returns a task status .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  accept the specified rule to determine what the temporary xml document will be used for an accept attachment .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  run a function or async instance .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test fixtures for standard fixtures .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  set   unsqueeze
truth:  set   fixtures

test:  test whether a variable is not installed .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  raise   quantize
truth:  raise   priority

test:  returns the wavefunction x_{n} for a 3d isotropic harmonic oscillator .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test the minion .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  reset the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  find varchar representation of a queue .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  get all user conjugates .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  return a list of html attributes from a json file and return a list of items .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  process   restoring
truth:  process   data

test:  run all tests and add tests to the given test suite .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  set the path of a file or directory for the duration .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  set   resizes
truth:  set   icon

test:  into the numa .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  serialize a method into a list of css items that are expected to a given request .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  sort the children of the given keys .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  print   executed
truth:  print   dictionary

test:  remove login from a login service cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  delete   relying
truth:  delete   login

test:  generate a generator that yields tuples of text containing the given *sources .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  takes   deployments
truth:  takes   sources

test:  given the tree of the tree absolute content .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compute the degree of x .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  get   round
truth:  get   polynomials

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  test that returns vi control-v of mappings works ok .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   incorporate
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return the cumulative distribution of the bw in kernel x .
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  makes a power of available device .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  computes the average precision at x .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   capturing
truth:  computes   error

test:  remove flavor access list .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  remove   append
truth:  remove   tenant

test:  save a response .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  save   restoring
truth:  save   data

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  get gcode events for a single channel .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  remove   memoizes
truth:  remove   plot

test:  loads a yaml file .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  patch   labeled
truth:  patch   file

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  resize using python imaging library .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  resize   inquire
truth:  resize   tool

test:  remove an error message to put it in new maildir .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  log   ssl
truth:  log   errors

test:  return package ids that are not installed .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  attempt   downloading
truth:  attempt   package

test:  get pyo file object .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  takes an implementation of type tree .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  accumulate   fetches
truth:  accumulate   parent

test:  shows the purchase activity age for single user .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   bring
truth:  shows   page

test:  converts a iso8601-formatted datetime to a :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  get the current migration name .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  parse a request to a tuple of seconds .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   assume
truth:  parses   header

test:  print the metric value of the current metric .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  given a list of header values .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  decorate a sequence of methods to dispatch into a list of dicts .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  return a list of via its event .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  return   expects
truth:  return   queries

test:  parses a datetime as a datetime .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  format   merge
truth:  format   iso

test:  compute an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem for a complex hermitian or real symmetric matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  rgb to hex .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  given   identified
truth:  given   rgb

test:  returns a vector with zero elements of the given vector .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  creates   restrict
truth:  creates   array

test:  return a dict with the features that can be used to compress features on a model .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  learn   initalize
truth:  learn   k

test:  set the current system cli example: .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  sets   sampling
truth:  sets   clock

test:  return greyscale morphological autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  run the tests .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  iterates over all child nodes in the ast that can be found in an iterator of the node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  a customized key is a checked for keys .
truth: given a key . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  get the evaluated value as an int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return true if if if if strtime is older than seconds .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if model is allowed to be used as part of another model .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   blocks
truth:  attach   representation

test:  get events of the server .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   fitnesse
truth:  get   events

test:  return the file scheme .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  helper function to check if a type is valid .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  checks   teardown
truth:  checks   type

test:  convert a raw list of fields to a dictionary .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  extract   exposes
truth:  extract   values

test:  execute the central crop of evaluation .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  does the sink method annotatable .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  returns   concatenates
truth:  returns   ordering

test:  test dhcp-host status code must be written without a list of dicts .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  make   rename
truth:  make   members

test:  callback checking for running instances .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  extracts the value of a given token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  return a new collection .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   requesting
truth:  returns   i

test:  returns the precision string for the given currency .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  get   batch
truth:  get   code

test:  compute the cost strength for the individual al .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  return   cost

test:  compute the 1-norm of x .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   scans
truth:  compute   pairs

test:  make verbose for interacting with some pyramid_tm .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  run   rendering
truth:  run   routines

test:  returns the dict of the config files which can be used as a dict .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configure   executed
truth:  configure   dictionary

test:  check whether or not an anchor is too many instances for a specific term .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  compute the signal from the rank-1 array .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  compute   believe
truth:  compute   spline

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  the view that take a list of arguments and an optional one .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  temporarily add a message to the delay documentation .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  pulls   compile
truth:  pulls   documentation

test:  path without going to slugify .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  loads   bootstraps
truth:  loads   callable

test:  enable/disable auto config to be running on a running system .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  start a lock on a redis document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  lock   pass
truth:  lock   document

test:  helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  pulls   reblock
truth:  pulls   netmask

test:  only work on linux systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  run   setting
truth:  run   systems

test:  this is for vfs .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  expands   pulls
truth:  expands   null

test:  create a list of possible attribute objects .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  import a repo from a path to a git directory .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   whitelisted
truth:  import   repo

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   oriented
truth:  see   meth

test:  checks for warnings after description header with correct penalty .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  checks   flow
truth:  checks   fields

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  train a redundant net .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  train   adds
truth:  train   r

test:  return union of items from baselist .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  combine   decoding
truth:  combine   lists

test:  creates the python ip address for an application instance .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  return the url to a file .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  updates   access
truth:  updates   url

test:  casts value to an array or a subclass .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  unquote -> ~/abc return the argument with char_to_strip and braces .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  unquote   disarmed
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  moves a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  truncate   labeled
truth:  truncate   file

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   bounds
truth:  recomputes   table

test:  if non-zero is none .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  get memory information for aka indexing node .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the closest ansi color lists based on the image_ref of the given short .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  find   print
truth:  find   approximation

test:  converts a hex string into rgb form .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  hex   identified
truth:  hex   rgb

test:  get a namespace object .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  create a png figure for the given matplotlib backend .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  given   parens
truth:  given   figure

test:  this page is blank .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  call the given command with the given arguments using the decorated method .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  returns a new array of given shape and type .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   switch
truth:  construct   list

test:  decorator to add the specified node to the page .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  i have a * builtin which prints the model .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  makes a bokeh interactive executable for manage interactive files .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  create   belonging
truth:  create   migrations

test:  returns the labeller of n items .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  labels   centers
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update the local git repository to separate packages .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  run   unpin
truth:  run   routine

test:  generates a set of paths for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   ip
truth:  generates   paths

test:  sends a notification on a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  wraps   prioritized
truth:  wraps   messages

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  uses a fact to display the tag names .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  format   building
truth:  format   tag

test:  run the command as the given job with the given job .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  construct new rational function field returning .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   flattening
truth:  construct   field

test:  create a google storage code based on a status code .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  get and convex loops from loops .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   unquoting
truth:  creates   environment

test:  render the plugin status message .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  render   identifies
truth:  render   plugin

test:  provide the options for template - used by the given page - used only used for map an object that will return a thrifttasktrackerstatuslist .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return a fresh instance of the specified message .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  the sensor of data points .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  provide   small_stmts
truth:  provide   line

test:  clean up any stubs that need cleanup .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  do   mixing
truth:  do   cleanup

test:  imports an object from a string including imports and class .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  tries   enhanced
truth:  tries   object

test:  chisquare test of proportions for pairs of proportions for proportions performs a chisquare test of pairs of proportions for pairs comparisons with the proportions is the proportions is correlation between
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  chisquare   carry
truth:  chisquare   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  ascii   pauses
truth:  ascii   printing

test:  read from git .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   define
truth:  read   path

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  solves an order linear differential equations .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   pre
truth:  solves   equation

test:  function to decorate methods on order to be called in the class .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  function   binhexed
truth:  function   tests

test:  change frequency of the distance between two arrays .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  return   approve
truth:  return   *

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   answer
truth:  check   diffs

test:  tests whether a string is right as .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  tries to click an element and waits for actions .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  transform the number of header code into its respective parts .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  transforms   pulls
truth:  transforms   null

test:  truncate the value of the permutation configuration .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the maximum of array elements of an array .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the number of individual points from the experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  using   tokenize
truth:  using   significance

test:  removes a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   stack
truth:  removes   nexusport

test:  read comments in the shared source file .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  given   inline
truth:  given   worksheet

test:  uses read a mexico for a worksheet worksheet .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  insert   rescale
truth:  insert   inline

test:  extracts and subresultant to jinja .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   zdt3
truth:  converts   converts

test:  wrapper around the name1: .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  get   algorithm
truth:  get   points

test:  test if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  returns the message prefix for the given script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the libcloud balancer of the object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   fake
truth:  convert   load

test:  return an rotation matrix of rotation samples .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  helper function for statsmodels .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  create   explore
truth:  create   segments

test:  create a sibling constant as a list of bytes representing some symbols in their extra_spec .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  issue an api .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  declares   allocate
truth:  declares   user

test:  compute the flowgrams in a strategy .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  clusters   convert
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  this tests the log of the sample subelements .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  return the average precision at a specified strength .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  indent text with the given amount of space .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  indent   shared
truth:  indent   string

test:  usage: dbref(3) this lock type .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the list of undeclared .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  check   step
truth:  check   names

test:  get the path to the users home directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  return the nibbles of the binary or stored .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns the path to a binary secret file .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  generate population of the bezier part of an datatypes .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  is   suppose
truth:  is   algorithm

test:  use this to use a step that doesnt exist on the host .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  change   instruct
truth:  change   matcher

test:  print a result of the result in a given file .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  fake date/time in a datetime .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  determines   having
truth:  determines   expiration

test:  tests that we can remove astropy from a tuple of .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  make   been
truth:  make   format

test:  interstitial of :attr:~subliminal .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds the delta spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  test that we are not initialized with --junit-xml .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   responds
truth:  test   database

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  returns a buf: for a file or directory .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  extracts   whiteboard
truth:  extracts   payload

test:  decorator to makes a function that may contain a decides if its defined .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  format   instantiate
truth:  format   arguments

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  wait for the service to return the list of lparen .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  start a service .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  set a palette that blends from a matplotlib palette .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  extracts an incoming subclass for the parent class .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  when a module is installed .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  returns true if point in the point provided .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  pulls   representing
truth:  pulls   specification

test:  list unique elements from an iterable .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  returns   analyze
truth:  returns   copy

test:  multigroup for array for all samples in the probability hypothesis .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  test   decide
truth:  test   groups

test:  returns true if the key has a known key .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  collect ports created by quantum from ovs .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   edit
truth:  collect   ports

test:  solves images with feature parameters equation : ndarray .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  retrieve information about the open user in a dictionary .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  accepts   switch
truth:  accepts   list

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  implement   pulls
truth:  implement   null

test:  this function creates an keyboard role block as defined in the keyboard bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the role *usage:* *usage:* :code:<your code> *example:* :code:<section> this element is
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   rescale
truth:  function   inline

test:  restful crud controller - needed when format embedded in default/person - needed for access to allow x-api-key .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  try to commit hash with needed .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  get   r^2
truth:  get   form

test:  generator for the directory names of every instance .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  yield   polynomials
truth:  yield   codes

test:  return the structure of memory at the given array of indices .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  generates a ctypes prototype for the given function with the given argument types that returns an integer value .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  coordinate   rendering
truth:  coordinate   routines

test:  run the test .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   blocks
truth:  generates   representation

test:  return a explicitly return the type passed in the type passed in .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  look   teardown
truth:  look   type

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  pulls   routes
truth:  pulls   chebyshev

test:  create a switchport object - allowed port on a server .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  converts urls into clickable links .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if the given directory is a child element .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  detect   uncheck
truth:  detect   element

test:  generate a networkx graph g for g parameters g : graph encoding : string graph encoding for text data .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   been
truth:  generate   format

test:  read lines from file .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  copy   takes
truth:  copy   stream

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   enumerator_list
truth:  create   confirmation

test:  generate a entropy mask .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   blend
truth:  generates   mask

test:  perform a single error message on a url .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  process   capturing
truth:  process   error

test:  create a loop in a reactor and return it if it returns a single reactor .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   cie
truth:  call   predicate

test:  run pep8 on a user from source space .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   escaped
truth:  delete   post

test:  this is for making sure that the command line argument is stop .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   responds
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list of all known user names for which the source is present .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  parse a content-type and return the content type for it .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return true if the extension is a minimal bsgs .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  show details about a hypervisor .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  display   revoked
truth:  display   details

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check explicit segments cannot be .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract a list of sentences from given string of strings into a list of comment sentences .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  ensure all of the manifest manifest as being confirmed to be checked for all of checking as possible .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  pulls   errors
truth:  pulls   idea

test:  parses an uri uri into a tuple of tuple .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   trimmed
truth:  parse   uri

test:  returns the string contained in the correct integer key .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  encrypt   listen
truth:  encrypt   key

test:  decorator to make sure empty and post methods are close to self .
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  parse the given value of a list .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  helper function for pretty-printing fulltext sentences from a full-text document .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return what is available on the system .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disemvowels a sample from the defined set of points .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  sample   initialise
truth:  sample   layers

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  encode a string to make it readable by the given length .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   bench
truth:  encode   value

test:  like json .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  is   register
truth:  is   wrapper

test:  run web browser .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   equate
truth:  run   browser

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   tear
truth:  find   module

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   colorized
truth:  adds   context

test:  forces the given unicode string to unicode .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  transforms types into individual columns .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  perform   tokens
truth:  perform   union

test:  uses hex to rgb color values in hex form .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  return percentage of ansiblemodule .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  returns the country level .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  check for roundtrip or cache file .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns a generator that yields collections found in the given directory .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all tests in the provided backup .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  pulls   -
truth:  pulls   mocks

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   collects
truth:  get   count

test:  decorate a function which prints func after a concrete test .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  return the adapter name of the instance .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return the displayname purges to use .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  return whether x is a host .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  test   added
truth:  test   p

test:  a query that takes a list of tuples and return a cached query string .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  give entity properties for every item in the buffer .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  computes   rotate
truth:  computes   loading

test:  split and pages into parts of the provided type .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  parses   teardown
truth:  parses   type

test:  it should extract the tags from the scenario .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  having   fixed
truth:  having   scenario

test:  returns the expired status .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  returns   point
truth:  returns   status

test:  remove duplicate text .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  removing   preload
truth:  removing   content

test:  check if field is a category .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a dictionary of parameters to send in mappings .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  builds   executed
truth:  builds   dictionary

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  return the first element in the string .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations for node not previously present node .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  migrate   serves
truth:  migrate   roles

test:  encode string as xml or unicode character uri .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  get the module that created with the given name .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return the information on a postgres server .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  parses the fvwi flag value from the specified fvwi .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decode   pulls
truth:  decode   null

test:  make sure the text does not crash when the collection is raised .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  result   annoy
truth:  result   rank

test:  fetches a list of exploration ids of recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by _get .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  gets   controls
truth:  gets   ids

test:  test intervals with the same dimension .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   shut
truth:  test   checker

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   producing
truth:  takes   certificate

test:  tests that all of the stack foreign_keys are available .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  mark   expected
truth:  mark   stack

test:  retrieve a client from provided context or function name .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  injects   encapsulate
truth:  injects   instance

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  gets the lowercase_ lowercase_ ajax for a android android android .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the filesystem name .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  return   forgets
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  clones current pr .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  clones   knapsack
truth:  clones   request

test:  start line number of workers for a frame .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  get   github
truth:  get   frame

test:  return the k of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   hydrate
truth:  return   core

test:  add a thing to the queue or the global constructed constructed .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  it can download a wheel for wheels .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  test   inf
truth:  test   download

test:  writes the argument to the gid/egid argument .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  encodes   pulls
truth:  encodes   null

test:  common code to change a gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 16-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  create a dict of field names with the given arguments .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  extracts   executed
truth:  extracts   dictionary

test:  attach a cd record and return the reference .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  create   maxheap
truth:  create   vbd

test:  error code checks on the expr .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  return a description of the current :key device running it .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary of dictlist and return a tuple with the result of the given dictlist .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  convert   leaves
truth:  convert   dictionaries

test:  setup the eq-3 ble thermostats .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   evpn
truth:  get   schema

test:  asserts a condition is true .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  assert   dictionary
truth:  assert   condition

test:  fade out any currently playing music and start playing from the given playlist .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  fade   pulls
truth:  fade   null

test:  parse manifest .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  get the directory for the directory for the duration of the given document .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert a string to a tuple of strings .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  given   blocks
truth:  given   representation

test:  this is a list of python files checks if pep8 files arent installed .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   acquires
truth:  test   pep8

test:  deletes a scheduled job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  deletes   uploading
truth:  deletes   job

test:  makes a voltage containing two together .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  create   sympy
truth:  create   slice

test:  print the road estate of the estate estate : none the name of the target estate .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns the string representation of the possible album for the specified album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return the network interface for a given interface .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns the number of digits to be a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  create a new git device .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  return a list of symmetric elements of the first group as a list .
truth: return base . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  create a environment .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   unquoting
truth:  build   environment

test:  return the buy data .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  transform a document name to a file name .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  stringify   merge
truth:  stringify   iso

test:  return a list of words .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   rescales
truth:  start   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  always return a unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  numerically linear search and wen-lian with the frames of the dataset from : multivariate index of the input individual and wen-lian hsu .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create api-version specific foreign tables .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  poi types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  applies regular convolution to the refct instance .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  remove   scans
truth:  remove   pairs

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  gets the directory where the given directory is installed .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  get   authorizes
truth:  get   command

test:  very simple check for filter filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  validates   hits
truth:  validates   filter

test:  adds a user to a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  exemplify repr (see also demo .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  run   resolving
truth:  run   defaults

test:  returns true when provided address prefix belongs to link-local multicast address space .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   coupling
truth:  return   target

test:  flush a logger for logger .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  send   prioritized
truth:  send   messages

test:  stop a node cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   stores
truth:  stop   name

test:  return the total number of distributions of initialize .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  chooses   bench
truth:  chooses   value

test:  returns the real matrix of a monomial match .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  multiply   export
truth:  multiply   tuple

test:  lists all of the timeseries and returns a list of all of all timeseries .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  query   constructed
truth:  query   timeseries

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  validate that value is a mapping of human-readable mapping file .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  get the path to the dialog command .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  echo calls to echo zinnia and write functions to a method .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  determines whether it is needed to do offset .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  unpack   restrict
truth:  unpack   array

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns content and the primitive form of f in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  compute   preload
truth:  compute   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  this is for making a url for it will build the block .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  url   dictate
truth:  url   studio

test:  add the smallest in billed_ops_list to the given trace .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  adds   incoming
truth:  adds   op

test:  formats a list of acl into a referrers string representing a result list of groups .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   be
truth:  returns   acl

test:  load a module if it exists .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns github api url for querying '{base .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  update database .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  create   rows
truth:  create   indexes

test:  decorator for increment if a test is in the test .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  sort otu table by ascending kirby to sort field lists .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   bounds
truth:  sort   table

test:  return true if all targets in the target list .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  returns   coupling
truth:  returns   target

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets the metric that the selected attribute from the ms .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  provides a random user factory .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  lets   pulls
truth:  lets   null

test:  returns the distance between two arrays .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  register a new decorator to be used as a custom name or class .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  store   crack
truth:  store   _

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  clip a gcode linear move file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  clip   del
truth:  clip   gcode

test:  validate if a string is a valid one of the given t .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  checks   contributed
truth:  checks   t

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  load an ubuntu module .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  not all of pyobjc and python understand unicode paths very well yet .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  test the odd class represented as a single percentile .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  make a remote branch capable capable to pull results .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  return   domain
truth:  return   fetch

test:  modify an extension extension against the requests request .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  get   extension

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request enabled via a view that is associated with the resource .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the number of national places a phonenumber .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  gets   sparks
truth:  gets   number

test:  get certificate matches .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  compile out a list of commands .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  print   advised
truth:  print   commands

test:  helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  pulls   transliterate
truth:  pulls   variable

test:  return a list of all child nodes of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  pads to a given width .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  pad   renders
truth:  pad   series

test:  returns the sequence for a given power of the sequence .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  render the mail login class .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  construct   access
truth:  construct   url

test:  assign handler to m .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  slice   truncates
truth:  slice   assignment

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return the largest integer not sharing the big of the importers .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  show a single diff of a primaryjoin expression .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  show   logged
truth:  show   dialog

test:  validate a list of lists .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a post request to the specified object .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  re-written filter for hac inputs from a transformation matrix parameters img1 : array .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  load taxonomy qiime file and dirreturn .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  read all multipart/form-data parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   r^2
truth:  read   form

test:  return the number of characters that are no more than s .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  parse arguments to a list of arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  adds headers to the response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  alter   stubbed
truth:  alter   headers

test:  turn a numpy array into a numpy array separated words .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   receives
truth:  enable   port

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  formats a single matrix to linear matrix .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  get a fake volume .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  return the list of sql statements for all the given osquery .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  validates that a string argument is valid .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   text
truth:  validate   username

test:  parse a handle file and return an iterator that yields lines .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  only work on solaris based systems .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  returns a 2d function for the given replacing its progress and q .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  converts a quadratic bezier curve to cubic format: .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a named tuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   flask
truth:  return   times

test:  parse a string containing .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  split   redash
truth:  split   hive

test:  disconnect a service instance from the vcenter .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  clones a machine plan .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   pulls
truth:  clone   null

test:  issue a new flash on a category .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse a kegg enzyme file with exactly one entry .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  read   wrapping
truth:  read   handle

test:  this function patches the set of the options for each entry .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transforms entities in batches of given entity on the following position as entity .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  transforms   redirecting
truth:  transforms   entity

test:  escape the given json string to json characters that can be used to make it usable in javascript .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   scanned
truth:  escape   dumps

test:  create a managed instance for the managed instance group from gce .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying some data from deactivated cache .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  creates a package in the given package and returns the absolute path of all the source files found on success .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   resample
truth:  return   directories

test:  save config to the global action .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  anybut(s) the indices of the indices and find the indices contained in a string .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  provides   sparsedataset
truth:  provides   indices

test:  print and output each line number of text .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   flattens
truth:  print   output

test:  load all the words in the given validity path .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  computes the hcluster distance between the vectors of the given vector and vectors .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  pulls   handle
truth:  pulls   features

test:  number of available chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   unpublicizes
truth:  release   description

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  move   mounted
truth:  move   end

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  stops cassandra node .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stops   pulls
truth:  stops   null

test:  return the cache durations for an durations .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  returns   serializing
truth:  returns   setting

test:  writes the message to the db .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  quote a string for inclusion in a url .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  extract a version from a video file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   extract
truth:  extract   version

test:  remove the image from the given image .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  returns true if running instances of the given class is mongorevisionkey .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  run the generic account on the class .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  parses a response and parse it into a message .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  sends an api delete key and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   summarize
truth:  instantiates   zeros

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   executed
truth:  filter   dictionary

test:  check places class for the provided check .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  escape a value in the given string internal use the rest .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   combines
truth:  create   campaign

test:  install all assets and watch .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  install   proxying
truth:  install   assets

test:  test full text if it is not implemented and that it is pushed to a good for the current session .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  test   dos
truth:  test   search

test:  calculate a view and a simple view with the specified model .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  create   usage_key_string
truth:  create   view

test:  verify that the path is absolute and can be written to the windows path .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  verify   define
truth:  verify   path

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate the cache of credit model .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  make a backup of backup for the given source .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  create   centralized
truth:  create   backup

test:  generate the nucleotide for the set of notebook .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  generate   review
truth:  generate   keys

test:  simple example for a new graphviz parser .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  unblock   allocate
truth:  unblock   user

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  filter   bartels
truth:  filter   contents

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  oozebane   del
truth:  oozebane   gcode

test:  create a fake project to be overwritten in the tests .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  simple wrapper for the copyright .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  check that the supplied value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that tax tax tax names when tax taxes is greater than taxes for ignore courses and thus is passed to the order .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   fetches
truth:  test   parent

test:  like log .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  function   ssl
truth:  function   errors

test:  return a list of mrjob absolute path for the given pythonpath .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  convert size in cm to size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   analyzes
truth:  convert   size

test:  get the distance from the y segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  returns the url string with all keys that match the regex .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  replaces   shared
truth:  replaces   string

test:  load an open file .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add a line to the beginning of the line .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   small_stmts
truth:  add   line

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  main program for erfc file qual_fp: filepath .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  creates   profile
truth:  creates   theme

test:  get a list of best instance with the given kwargs: kwargs: .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  push the specified mode to the message mode .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  support   pulls
truth:  support   null

test:  asserts the lineedit from the given text .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  run   supports
truth:  run   text

test:  writes string array to file or :-separated .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  tests retrieving a single single single single single single user object using a single single single view .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  this is a converter .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  callback used by pyyaml when creating a yaml node .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  return the harris points of distance .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   run
truth:  return   corners

test:  parse a percent string as percent if it is a float or float .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  split a path in root and extension .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  get the name of the process used for the given pid file .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  get   snaps
truth:  get   pid

test:  get the module attribute for the specified module .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the path component of a pathname .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  converts an string to a string or :class:multidict .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   unescape
truth:  function   validate

test:  return a link to the node .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  make   looping
truth:  make   node

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  removes a suffix from a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index of a numpy array .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  format the stack traceback into a rx_msgs .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  format   expected
truth:  format   stack

test:  return the current platform for this minion .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  returns   emits
truth:  returns   definition

test:  attach a bcache device if no device exists .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   spawn
truth:  attach   devices

test:  load as pkg on freebsd 10 and greater .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  load   guesses
truth:  load   pkg

test:  convert text into an rcode .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  set the given properties on a model and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  pulls   ssh
truth:  pulls   swap

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  run the given command in a subprocess .
truth: run a command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return a list containing all non elements combining obj .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  perform a test exclusive on basket markers .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of all libraries installed libraries .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   sanitize
truth:  returns   libraries

test:  return the image cli example: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  makes a wrapper method call to an api .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  provides   downgrades
truth:  provides   point

test:  convert a 32-bit integer into a byte itself .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  given   standardizes
truth:  given   byte

test:  adds all the provided files in provided directory .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return indices over human readable letters in string .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  gets a path from a resource path .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  tries   tear
truth:  tries   module

test:  delete a user from database .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  deletes   allocate
truth:  deletes   user

test:  parses a sine object from a sequence of arguments .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  a organization of the current url for the given reference or a file .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  redirect   labeled
truth:  redirect   file

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes that actually webtest .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  compute   define
truth:  compute   path

test:  open the git chapter .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  opens   generate
truth:  opens   users

test:  convert a dict of files and filenames to the equivalent .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  compute greatest factorial from provided spline .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  get the list of users that the secrets database denotes by the user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  convert a number or none to an egg path .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  set the shortcut of a shortcut .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return a datetime object from an ipv4 or datetime .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  given   suggests
truth:  given   timezone

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  module home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  generates the most similar extensions for the given rewriters .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  generates a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  generates   emitting
truth:  generates   character

test:  clean orphaned instances .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  clean   borrowed
truth:  clean   instances

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   setting
truth:  works   systems

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  tests that creation is greater than the symmetric connection is not zero and that an existing user .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  this is a helper function that creates the first null of the data points .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into the command .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  converts a string representation of an int to its textual representation .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  interpret   shared
truth:  interpret   string

test:  generates a sequence of rolls that supports the given number of rolls sequences for nipype rolls .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  generate   sent
truth:  generate   bunch

test:  return boolean from forvalue .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  returns a databook representation of the databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   enroll
truth:  exhausts   iterator

test:  returns patch data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  calculate mavg in x .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parse emails to map file .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  test freezing a bazaar bazaar .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  test   middleware
truth:  test   clone

test:  writes a new output to a file .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  dumps   tile
truth:  dumps   information

test:  save the specified code for the given user and add its invoice .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  turn a n-d tensor into a new tensor where the first dimension is conserved .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  turn   pulls
truth:  turn   null

test:  wrapper around mr that allows the content to be set to a proxy .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  like   processing
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone view .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  only load if the timezone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  validate the iterables for the given iterables and field .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  raise   constant_expression_opt
truth:  raise   iterables

test:  get service by a service and host its on and host .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   press
truth:  get   hostname

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  return the colums of a pipe .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns the basic system bindings .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  pulls   resizing
truth:  pulls   bindings

test:  load core result rows using core / fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   usage
truth:  load   rows

test:  returns a dns argument to use for given target id .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  commits the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   truncate
truth:  commits   savepoint

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  launch and write the necessary .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  allows   dissassociates
truth:  allows   levels

test:  returns the kind of the kind from the token .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  extracts   construct
truth:  extracts   kind

test:  assembles a callable to issue and return it .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  context   float
truth:  context   decorator

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  returns the secret token .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  configures the context of the context .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  configures   colorized
truth:  configures   context

test:  export a single dir .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   handles
truth:  export   site

test:  returns the version number appearing in the file .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  search   labeled
truth:  search   file

test:  read the string table from question .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   gauss
truth:  read   strings

test:  returns the bug in the datastore .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  validates that a string argument is valid and can be compatible with whitespace characters .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  check   search
truth:  check   d

test:  validates that value is an instance of a given option or none .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  select an appropriate one path from a collection attribute .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   uncheck
truth:  select   element

test:  return a primary address from a named instance .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns true if the executable exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   backup
truth:  get   properties

test:  decorator that checks if a collection is a collection .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  requires   reallocation
truth:  requires   collection

test:  returns the login ip of this deployment .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  returns true if the given filepath is a string .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  lettuce with verbosity 2 must show only the scenarios error message .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  create a custom worker while preserving the decorated function .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  stretch a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  dimension   labeled
truth:  dimension   file

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  return the measure of a plugin .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  format a username to a string .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a timestamps and a timestamps .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  function   switch
truth:  function   list

test:  parse authentication entries from mesos .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  parses   protects
truth:  parses   args

test:  return an iterator over all file names in a directory .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  iterates   preferred
truth:  iterates   subdirectories

test:  respond with status of a summary of a particular course code which a specific course code lookup -- success url of the course code and return the status of responses
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  converts symbol into a list of symbol objects given as the int .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  takes   been
truth:  takes   format

test:  print statistics about the numa site .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  test called after i/o .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  test   triggers
truth:  test   plotting

test:  parse the block request object into an empty block .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  process   small_stmts
truth:  process   line

test:  compute univariate polynomial of f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  test that the status of all the views in the views are created by the interpreter .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  pulls   routing
truth:  pulls   registry

test:  returns html with byte boundary .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  create   uncheck
truth:  create   element

test:  generates a resource filename for the specified dependency .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  determines the input length of the convolution operation in a convolution operation .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  determines   confirmed
truth:  determines   length

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  elementwise exp function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  parses and verifies a cookie value from a cookie header .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   bench
truth:  parses   value

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  integration is a right .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  ensure that the plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  checks   identifies
truth:  checks   plugin

test:  wrapper for page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  pulls   aristas
truth:  pulls   titles

test:  convert from cartesian to theta in cartesian coordinates .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  abbreviated abbreviated unit test for classes into when different from abbreviated data .
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  tests   tsv
truth:  tests   components

test:  ask the user to select an prompts that using a <script> account .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check whether the course in the block containing a course for managing in the block .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   catch
truth:  returns   course

test:  test if arg is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  test   utf-8
truth:  test   argument

test:  returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the currently selected language .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   stretch
truth:  returns   language

test:  test the move that the same topic correctly .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  run a single test against the given sequence of tests and return its output tests .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  test   mocked
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is intersecting or the channel .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  class decorator to add a single method to an existing class .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  used   enumerates
truth:  used   protocol

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns a tree of the items that are on the current platform .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  creates   define
truth:  creates   path

test:  returns a group topic detail page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  iterates over a file or a file .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   unmap
truth:  iterates   descriptors

test:  this function returns the file mode .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize the nameservers for global series_id .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  initialize   grouping
truth:  initialize   system

test:  gets the value for the given key in the given kvs .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  retrieve   unleash
truth:  retrieve   store

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  writes   attriute
truth:  writes   stdout

test:  reads the hash from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  creates a wiki document for a given document .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   decreases
truth:  list   documents

test:  converts a set of key/value pairs to a set of matching matching matching a set of matching matching .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  converts   executed
truth:  converts   dictionary

test:  rabins polynomial irreducibility test over finite fields .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  calculate   cleaning
truth:  calculate   matrix

test:  generate a resource from source for a different file .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  writes data to an sls field .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email address and return it .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  scrub   based
truth:  scrub   address

test:  a a a list of aliases which all the default aliases .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generate   sleep
truth:  generate   files

test:  setup the camera .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  return a list of all hostnames available in the named package .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  compute the first bits of a sequence of numbers .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   query
truth:  compute   position

test:  handle fully clearing the basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   limiting
truth:  handle   order

test:  return the path of the music music and python implementation .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   fill
truth:  return   pathname

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  emit   attribute
truth:  emit   statements

test:  set a setting timeout for strategy .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  set   statsd
truth:  set   timeout

test:  get releases with an releases .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  search   instanticates
truth:  search   releases

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers for n .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   replaced
truth:  return   digits

test:  get the network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  like generator .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return the string - used by the connection to break .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  return true if the passed search is running inside a certain action .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   hostname
truth:  return   vm

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  quote a string for the given argument .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the full dispatcher error .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  send   backported
truth:  send   handlers

test:  get a list of samples for use with the value of some corpus .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  bind the model to bind to descending descending .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  create   filtering
truth:  create   edit

test:  export a list of patches to summaries .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  run   dumping
truth:  run   patch

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  get the actual log of the response .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  pulls   increasing
truth:  pulls   pyrax

test:  find user object by anonymous id .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   printing
truth:  set   locale

test:  embed to the given shell shell .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  set up the simplisafe lights .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  set   behaves
truth:  set   bom

test:  ensure that a directory exists .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get a specific backends backend .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns a package that is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  returns a list of characters matching string from the limit and limit .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  get   sympy
truth:  get   slice

test:  delete the character behind the cursor .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   incorporate
truth:  delete   cursor

test:  get list of parameters from the given layer .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  select an element in the cache .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  pulls   grabbing
truth:  pulls   selector

test:  convert input image to rgba image .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  ensures that the named user does not exist with the given name .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   allocate
truth:  ensures   user

test:  same as d .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  multiply   divides
truth:  multiply   matrices

test:  return a dask object from a castra .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   reduces
truth:  load   dask

test:  get the first file name from the filename .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  helper method that logs out for user out .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  creates   access
truth:  creates   url

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  build a error message from network to display it with expected argument .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   stores
truth:  instantiate   name

test:  returns the name for a username and the user .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   text
truth:  return   username

test:  returns a list of the sites id for an callfunc .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  use   default
truth:  use   part

test:  return a writeable file .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   reduced
truth:  create   cli

test:  copy a file from one pelican to another .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a reference to a test book .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator that adds the combined error handling to prevent added .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  pulls   opening
truth:  pulls   smart_text

test:  ensure we can compile functions with lambda list keywords .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  trims the given html with its new location as an html string .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  trims   string
truth:  trims   texts

test:  get the windows key for the registry .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  retrieves   intialize
truth:  retrieves   root

test:  returns the database edit serving a sequence of values .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  get   post_save
truth:  get   metadata

test:  gets the subtitle subtitle path from the video transformation .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  remove all text references from text .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  tokenizes   supports
truth:  tokenizes   text

test:  convert the given function to the dir key .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  compute   crop
truth:  compute   directory

test:  return the useless if its an alloc node .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  initialize file descriptor .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  parse   boot
truth:  parse   dot

test:  offset offset offset in the current environment .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  returns a string for an xml stream .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  find   uncheck
truth:  find   element

test:  exception handler for os-vif subclass .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  displays   evpn
truth:  displays   schema

test:  ensure image is present in the computenode name : string uuid of images or volume .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   forwards
truth:  ensure   image

test:  return a relative url to the django_request .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  resolve   access
truth:  resolve   url

test:  convert a list to a tuple containing elements of strings with elements of the input .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  remove   query
truth:  remove   position

test:  find any svn:externals directories .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  calculates the autocorrelation of the autocorrelation function .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the additional folders that are created from the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   frees
truth:  remove   folders

test:  allow for _addmessagemethods() to be called in a transaction .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  fetches a track by its musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   skills
truth:  fetches   track

test:  return the javascript for the given map with no extra rules .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  validates if locale is valid .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  make   printing
truth:  make   locale

test:  return true if x boxes of den in pagerduty .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  handle lists/arrays of a structure of the input type is either the index of the form 2005 or 5-tuple of the dataset .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  flip   sparsedataset
truth:  flip   indices

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  convert   binhexed
truth:  convert   tests

test:  returns the identity identity for the given user object if it exists .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   downloading
truth:  require   package

test:  restart the named task cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  run   calculate
truth:  run   windows

test:  determine if nova supports a given extension extension .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checking for a single diskspace or a workbook .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  check that hoffman-singleton contains only text and optionally give both are consistent and service give .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  decrypt a code to dtc .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  returns   httperror
truth:  returns   digit

test:  create a single i18n of two axes .
truth: like @property . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get vote vote for a vote on a given course or undo .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the most recent cycle of the chordal graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  delete logged in the response .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  delete   unenroll
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  gets the scatter property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   were
truth:  gets   property

test:  upload an object to the s3 .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  runs   bounds
truth:  runs   table

test:  example string from cisco ios: twb-sf-881 uptime is 14 weeks .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   shared
truth:  obtain   string

test:  get a server .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  this check ensures that the certificate is marked as one that we need to load a valid certificate lineage .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  serialization wrapper for pickle logrecord .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  serializes   bootstraps
truth:  serializes   callable

test:  extract a zip zip zip file from a given file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  extract   blink
truth:  extract   zip

test:  ensure that the named dataset is absent name the path to remove in the container name list'] the name of the state to remove .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensure   restart
truth:  ensure   account

test:  parse a mapping of bokeh mappings and return a dictionary of functionannotation indices .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   presents
truth:  parse   mapping

test:  create the path of the current testing .
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   rescue
truth:  transform   vector3

test:  return a unicode representation of string or unicode .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  list all password .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   protect
truth:  list   ips

test:  ensure the specified object is absent .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   be
truth:  ensure   acl

test:  test the model into a model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  try   regenerate
truth:  try   nltk

test:  assemble a module .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  assemble   labeled
truth:  assemble   file

test:  vertical sobel on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  pulls   pack
truth:  pulls   edge

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  check that buffer with specified timeout and truthy/falsey are not just a newline timeout .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  a view that tests that the json object returned from the response .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  returns the instance metadata for the specified instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   post_save
truth:  returns   metadata

test:  decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the tail of the standard element .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  drop stray directories .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   resample
truth:  drop   directories

test:  replace -> string return a quoted version of the string escaped .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  return a list of lines read from the attacks .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  return   iterates
truth:  return   comment

test:  get the firewall status for an esxi host or list of hosts .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  show   finalize
truth:  show   firewall

test:  update an instance of a plot .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  run the bokeh script to run the python script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  coerce a single block to a single block .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  pulls   landing
truth:  pulls   sum

test:  writes the given metadata to the temp file descriptor .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a new .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  make sure hosts defined in list of hosts are logically .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   prefilled
truth:  make   hosts

test:  clip the string from the specified unicode if it is protocol or is not .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  generates the n-term matrix returns a 3d triangular triangular and down the distance matrix returns false : array of distance matrix .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  returns   descend
truth:  returns   edges

test:  modify section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   alignment
truth:  modify   section

test:  return a list of season numbers that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  transform likelihood parameters used in likelihood evaluation to unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer parameters unconstrained : array or array_like as .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  transform   offset
truth:  transform   parameters

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return the path to the program .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  print a fresh args and receive the args .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  function   roundrobin
truth:  function   application

test:  checks if the specified language is a valid locale language .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  helper for concrete mro or method resolution order .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  return   limiting
truth:  return   order

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  strips matching handlers from handlers and intersects the substrings .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  strips   nose
truth:  strips   prefix

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  read   clearing
truth:  read   meta

test:  determines if the given module is an extension of a module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  renders the percentage of new loncapa .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  print information about the installed version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  display   populating
truth:  display   info

test:  converts a datetime to delta .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   establish
truth:  convert   py

test:  list configuration messages from a wiki .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  computes the exponential exponential linear unit function .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  computes   intrepret
truth:  computes   pdf

test:  return an httpresponse response .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  return the virtual machine system memory .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  allocate   squares
truth:  allocate   percent

test:  return the specified milestones of the namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  load the pivoting result of a list of onto the pivot .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  calculate style loss between style_image and target_image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  calculate   negotiate
truth:  calculate   loss

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  decorate a function so that results for generators returns true on the function in the list .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  memoize   float
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  finds a reasonable biostar path for the tool .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  provide   enhanced
truth:  provide   object

test:  converts django html snippet to response object .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  return missing mask for our input .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  does our algorithm return a new specification if *offset* .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  returns   document
truth:  returns   brackets

test:  parse the code for a code and build the result of it .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  reorder unifrac sample configuration sets .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  read bti head position file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   overwrites
truth:  read   shape

test:  return a string with length permuted from raw string .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  print error message and exit with an error code .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  dump   extended
truth:  dump   exit

test:  yields successive n-sized n of the iterable .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  handle the same configuration as the kodi setting .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  searches   deflate
truth:  searches   config

test:  returns the main main graph of the graph g .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  search   looping
truth:  search   node

test:  custom page .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  simple will validates the inventory defined in the inventory object .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  return   presents
truth:  return   mapping

test:  regression test for issue #1256 tests .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   expression_opt
truth:  test   astropy

test:  returns whether the given get is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  returns true if *uri* can be used and has a valid uri .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a string of bytes into a string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean set .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   break
truth:  test   operations

test:  akaike information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  pulls   tile
truth:  pulls   information

test:  return a html unescaped that renders a html to a specified text .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  markdown   hits
truth:  markdown   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  adds a message with the warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  use this decorator to turn a function that prints the last call .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  logs   unbinds
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  create the kernel kernel spec .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  expands   simulate
truth:  expands   spec

test:  delete all server keys from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   review
truth:  delete   keys

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  prints the reconstructions pythonpath of all the aws reconstructions is configured as yaml .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  show   pulls
truth:  show   null

test:  adds a error message to the new error code parameters codes : str the import_from_csv_file code to add a new error code should be passed .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  add   polynomials
truth:  add   codes

test:  ensure a specific configuration line exists in the running name the name of the line to use to replace type of the line .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  replace   borrowed
truth:  replace   instances

test:  return a socketio request .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns qr between two points .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  computes   grants
truth:  computes   decomposition

test:  get addongithubnodesettings return values for each column in x .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  return   interact
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on python 2 .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a boolean to boolean field with django boolean and name .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  returns the mac address contained in a given domain .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  generate   outline
truth:  generate   hex

test:  return a list of all sysv services cli example: .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  return   reverses
truth:  return   services

test:  convert a dns host string to a c{list} .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  installs a latest implementation via the given criteria .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  searches   bytes
truth:  searches   album

test:  return an ipv4 field of a recarray .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  use the rest .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  decode a single task payload .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decodes   whiteboard
truth:  decodes   payload

test:  find the portion of an expression by [csm .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode a base64 encoded string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  guess   unifies
truth:  guess   encoding

test:  return list of commits to summaries that have been summaries .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  ensure that a filename exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  ensure   labeled
truth:  ensure   file

test:  generate a git script for rest package .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  generates   optimized
truth:  generates   script

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  print a single file .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  pulls   parens
truth:  pulls   figure

test:  determine the error message if it exists .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  return a list containing the names of the list command which are unable to a list .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  format   switch
truth:  format   list

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  check for sphinx application .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parses an event definition into a dictionary .
truth: given an event . 
test:  given   rescales
truth:  given   event

test:  try to add two consecutive translations for manifest .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  simplify   assembles
truth:  simplify   coefficients

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   catch
truth:  given   course

test:  gets the active queues .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   paginates
truth:  list   queues

test:  send a notification about a newly about a clone server .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   clones
truth:  send   server

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set groups : false .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   decide
truth:  change   groups

test:  returns the oneline value in a string .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  replace   small_stmts
truth:  replace   line

test:  verify that a specific python is installed with python .
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  verify   flip
truth:  verify   python

test:  compute a single diff of two lists and right fields up the left .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  join   flip
truth:  join   python

test:  gets the datastore data from a path .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   freezing
truth:  get   configuration

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  get strategy for a strategy .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  loop through the github hierarchy .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  processes   extract
truth:  processes   version

test:  compare two dictionaries .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  compare   understemmed
truth:  compare   results

test:  reads the new secret from the secrets database and returns it .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  writes   bench
truth:  writes   value

test:  return a chunk from a file based on the master received .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   tend
truth:  return   chunk

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration type_qualifier_list semi .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  reads the object from the file .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  returns the energy of a sequence between two numbers .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the indent of the specified length .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  a copy of the course date and returns the datetime .
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  return   multivariate
truth:  return   blocks

test:  returns barcodes of a duplicates .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decorator to get a function to check if it has a public attribute as the result of a method .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  assign a metaclass in a 2/3 compatible fashion .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  add   flip
truth:  add   python

test:  read tag data from file and return as numpy reads .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return a file for the contents of this file .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a complete django module with the given module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  makes   compiles
truth:  makes   suite

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  write a new table .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  return true if host is enabled for the specified key .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  trim non-maximum positions for certain selection .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  trims   summarize
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  converts a local path to an absolute path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if the path matches any of the given patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add the application with the given name and 'applications' .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   roundrobin
truth:  add   application

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  pulls   exhausts
truth:  pulls   initializer

test:  writes datachars to writer .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  writes   cutting
truth:  writes   writer

test:  filter a list of valid user on username and return it .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  check if a vlan exists on the host or not .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  when a single datetime inside a single datetime .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  tests   initializing
truth:  tests   trigger

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  prints all the fields of a dictionary as a dictionary .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  print   looping
truth:  print   node

test:  open a new window if it doesnt exist .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  spawn   command
truth:  spawn   session

test:  returns the pth-percentile value for the given prime .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  convert a action which will be tried with a given action and return the java of the jobsub .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  creates   decrease
truth:  creates   action

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  test that the custom completion is initialized when the user has no existing data .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  return the timezone in the given string .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files that are equal .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  add new slash method to the list of 1-indexed .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  marks a specific instance as not found or instance .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  create a single team .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  make an initial pass across a set of states statements for a list of states to use on behalf .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  issue   attribute
truth:  issue   statements

test:  run a ['ps' and return the first filter lines of the powershell .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  return   mixed
truth:  return   engine

test:  edit a document for a creator .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  returns a report list for given module .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the path to the custom hiearchy .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   rfc
truth:  get   distance

test:  test column and pickle lines via various ways .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  get the notification scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  returns a list of all users that have formatted forms .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  cache   analyzes
truth:  cache   size

test:  check for fits standard errors for valid checksums .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  internal method to get an entrance exam as a string containing the raw set of values to request .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  returns seqrecord objects for the given file .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  stop a redis server .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  runs the clear a good markdown .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  parse   digs
truth:  parse   html

test:  split a path into list of paths to all features in the given template .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  split   explore
truth:  split   segments

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   aligns
truth:  detach   volume

test:  logs an error if there is no tips that have not met .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  ask for a color .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   detects
truth:  ask   color

test:  return a random integer size of n if n is odd or equal to n .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  is   seq
truth:  is   fft

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  hashes a hash identifying the given entity type .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return the path relative to colas /usr/share/doc/ directory .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a path to a file: name of file path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  wrapper for functions that dont throw a single string to a list of strings .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  flatten   eliminates
truth:  flatten   elements

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   examines
truth:  encode   peak

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  generate a regular expression object that yields the number of characters for an sounds of its length .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  delete a sysv service cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  creates appropriate database using params .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  creates   populates
truth:  creates   params

test:  get a store of chunks from uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  change the distributions of a list of labels to plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   restoring
truth:  sort   data

test:  checks that g has been supplied parameters .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  validates   inverts
truth:  validates   statuses

test:  convert list to a list of ids .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  convert a duration .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  check if the given path is a dependency from the dependency in the current folder .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  detects   define
truth:  detects   path

test:  add the history to history .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  indicate   rearranges
truth:  indicate   import

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  define a list of servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   wait
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  pulls   unpublicizes
truth:  pulls   description

test:  define java_library java .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   coupling
truth:  define   target

test:  a post-hook for the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  pulls   belong
truth:  pulls   hook

test:  lead edit .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set a list of those modules .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  sets   were
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to the given sender of its proposal .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  connect   extends
truth:  connect   signals

test:  convert an input sentence to a new of expr and of expr .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  a decorator to lltrace the decorated function of the given class .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  return the absolute path of the rank of a and b .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  compare   reported
truth:  compare   function

test:  render a paginator .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  render   outputs
truth:  render   pages

test:  loads a graph .
truth: open history . 
test:  open   remove
truth:  open   history

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return the configuration directory .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  get or set the radial ticklines for a plot plot .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  only work on solaris based systems with layman .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confine   encode
truth:  confine   mac

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install the docker task for a task .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  const_map_item : token .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  take a filename in the current dir .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  returns true if minc is available .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  connect   satisfy
truth:  connect   container

test:  copies source file and its modification times .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   unlocking
truth:  move   source

test:  attempt to remove the env of a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  returns true if the value is a valid bgp finite and false .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  returns control smoothed of an control smoothed by a big big .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  compute   commits
truth:  compute   sensitivity

test:  launches a dialog for display .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  launches   xfail
truth:  launches   help

test:  stores calls to fastprint and ignore a run: with a status .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap for the sitemap of the sitemap .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  build   sleep
truth:  build   files

test:  constructs a field from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  system information type 7 section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  plot a single image and the result of a duration with those settings .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  send a tarball to be stored .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   rescales
truth:  send   event

test:  execute an lvm package or enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  generates a top-level group of a given function .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  receive the given multi-line pattern on embedded pattern .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  search   printed
truth:  search   pattern

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return list of available records .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  makes an instance of a filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  extract a new collection of values from a given string .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  return   shed
truth:  return   exception

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  returns   forget
truth:  returns   inverse

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  parse a uri string and return the regex given by a running uri .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  if original .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  add faces from faces .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  haematoxylin-eosin-dab to rgb color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  transform   pulls
truth:  transform   null

test:  return the docker image dictionary for this input image .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  given   deactivate
truth:  given   glance

test:  renders the homepage .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  a demonstration of the script is raised when the first one or more byte1byte2 .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  stream   bring
truth:  stream   page

test:  uses program to install a results and timeout seconds .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  convert int_or_tuple to resulting name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  returns true if any null elements given in the path .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  pulls   rewrites
truth:  pulls   xpath

test:  remove volume access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  set the preferred time zone .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  sets   rect
truth:  sets   work

test:  return the svd of the svd of x .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  return   mutate
truth:  return   column

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  test the {% message twice -> only one should be shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  get the docs file name from the filename or folder .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  retrieve   removing
truth:  retrieve   parse

test:  turns a list of functions into a list of dicts .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   attempt
truth:  split   extension

test:  ask the files in a given file .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  wait until a process has been reached to finish .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string with specified length .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   derive
truth:  return   templates

test:  create the specified stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return the installation data for the current user .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  add new item to db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns task status for an instructor that will be generated by a task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  view   located
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the most appropriate speed for an http client .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  returns a model class for the given app label .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  checks that first is in second .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return if a itemwise differences between two lists .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  renders markdown text to html .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  given   surround
truth:  given   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  quote -> bytes return a unicode version of string .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a formatted string version of a datetime object .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   emits
truth:  transform   definition

test:  fetches information of a certain security group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  fetches   tile
truth:  fetches   information

test:  fetches a list of valid ids for the given exploration id .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the temporarily offset for a database .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  test the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  uploads the specified rsync directory to the app_name .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  uploads   forgot
truth:  uploads   project

test:  authentication the google cloud storage .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  get   skipped
truth:  get   use

test:  create a valid service options .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  run the wx event loop .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  sends an email to admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  generate a list of vertices and pct as a single layer .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  get a version string for the given version .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  grab   extract
truth:  grab   version

test:  checks if the block_count is a power power of the given power node and returns them .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated value as a string if it exists .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  operation for course notification .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  sends   initialized
truth:  sends   notification

test:  checks if a file is a text file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  running the "harvest" will run only on configured scenario .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  apply all the element matching the given metadata from a task metadata and add it to the task .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  apply   post_save
truth:  apply   metadata

test:  filelinks: calling repr() functions as 2 functions instead of filelinks: .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create a program for tail to begin with the given name and return it .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  return true if dataset is ready to install a new dataset .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  creates   debugging
truth:  creates   dataset

test:  gets the certificate footer and returns it .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of all data files which were last updated at least one retry .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  this should be similar to the x and x .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  create   iterator
truth:  create   kernel

test:  return data from qt .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  descend   restoring
truth:  descend   data

test:  gets the comment form through the comments/form .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  validates that the specified length is a valid one of the local machine name to check for the name .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  destroy a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   guessing
truth:  destroy   namespace

test:  ensures that all pairs in plotly does not exist .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensure   demonstrates
truth:  ensure   setup

test:  return the set of all valid applicable for the given block .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  pulls   waitfordeferred
truth:  pulls   monkey

test:  makes a partial file from a list of certificates .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  map   reported
truth:  map   function

test:  add workers on the workers to the galaxy table .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  finds the given activity field for the given year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  return as a list of tuples .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   drops
truth:  wrap   call

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  pulls   removing
truth:  pulls   parse

test:  perform deseq2 negative decomposition of raw abundance otu matrices .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  return the environment definitions for the test data .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  returns   translates
truth:  returns   flags

test:  sample string to counts the number of characters in ascending order .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  filter   reported
truth:  filter   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  insert   switch
truth:  insert   list

test:  return the first call to start .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  required   server_root
truth:  required   opts

test:  push an image to the named registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  push   forwards
truth:  push   image

test:  initializes the specified routing table .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialise   bounds
truth:  initialise   table

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  function to return the list of the identity code in the question .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  get   target_expressing
truth:  get   question

test:  pop arguments to be evaluated evaluated .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   instantiate
truth:  composes   arguments

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   bench
truth:  skip   value

test:  checks if the django configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  check   format_alignment
truth:  check   authentication

test:  provide the user for the password provided .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  prompts   allocate
truth:  prompts   user

test:  transpose a chars that is written via a counter .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  emulate   preprocessing
truth:  emulate   char

test:  get the linux distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   capture
truth:  make   bit

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  test virtual channels in *y* .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   collect
truth:  test   functionality

test:  setup scenario black entity .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  add   fixed
truth:  add   scenario

test:  generate the successors successors in breadth-first-search from source .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  warning restful crud controller - used for imports purposes .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a standard header contained within a string .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  insert   assume
truth:  insert   header

test:  tests socket on shutting socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  get all instances belonging to a instance .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   borrowed
truth:  get   instances

test:  depth first search wrapper .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  depth   dos
truth:  depth   search

test:  read in a sequence of cachedir cachedir .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  changes   populating
truth:  changes   info

test:  return a list of wanna translation queue names for project .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  get   determine
truth:  get   projects

test:  converts unicode to utf-8 and that it is an unicode string .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return the current depth of the current tensor .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  determines   downloading
truth:  determines   package

test:  stop the geonode process .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   pulls
truth:  stop   null

test:  find if osmc based on matching line at the end of the line number .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  yields chunks of data from location specified by location .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   widening
truth:  given   location

test:  add orbits for gcode to gcode .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  stop a service running by sending it down .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   chew
truth:  stop   service

test:  run a keypress keypress on its unspecified .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  map   specifies
truth:  map   methods

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  generate   forbid
truth:  generate   options

test:  expand arguments into new argument .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return true if the user is a qurl .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command name to their callback applications .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  command   twitter
truth:  command   auto

test:  drk module resource headers .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   small_stmts
truth:  check   line

test:  checks if the current theme has resolved based on the current theme .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  get   theme

test:  returns the current page .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  parse   decoding
truth:  parse   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  helper function to extract and return a dictionary of instance .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   xlsx
truth:  given   query

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   twitter
truth:  required   auto

test:  copied from containerbroker before the metadata column was added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforemetadata .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   unblock
truth:  copied   swift

test:  i have sent an email with the following in the body: name: mr .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  have   pulls
truth:  have   null

test:  return a list of words that match a string given in the trie .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  produce an unicode string suitable for subprocess_popen a hostname .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  return   press
truth:  return   hostname

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   stores
truth:  loads   name

test:  return a dict of the form table__0__key and the value of the query string .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  function   xlsx
truth:  function   query

test:  prints f and others to the given function .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  log   unbinds
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  exception and dump a python traceback to exctype code .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  print   shed
truth:  print   exception

test:  coach hidsums of students on management logic and enroll the management email address on this ccx .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  manage   progress
truth:  manage   enrollment

test:  mangle the clockwise by the given *typ* level .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  mangle   teardown
truth:  mangle   type

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   doctest
truth:  compute   remainder

test:  get all apps from cache .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   spawns
truth:  ensure   endpoint

test:  sending message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  validates the metadata of a percent file and gradient percent the mapping file to verify that the mapping of the mapping file to the mapping file .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  ensures   transliterate
truth:  ensures   variable

test:  decorator to use a reader db context manager .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  plot the text metrics for the first outline of the mnist formats .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   sift
truth:  plot   metric

test:  given a course id .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  mysql string for inserting a mysql name .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  use the rest api to zk init the service to ssh .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  fetches   stores
truth:  fetches   name

test:  wait for onlyif to be used as a dict .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  generates a random number generator on the master server .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  compute the squared erfinv function of the erfinv and upper error .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  pulls   install
truth:  pulls   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   stubbed
truth:  learns   headers

test:  return a list containing all of the names for all locks .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  list   downloading
truth:  list   package

test:  create the query class .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  help   obj
truth:  help   filters

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  generate the first plugin names .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return a dictionary over all the keys in the given dictionary .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  returns   minpoly(add
truth:  returns   words

test:  remove all yielded and variance .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  handle   asarray
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders fields in jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  renders   masks
truth:  renders   jinja2

test:  avoid duplicating page param in pagination .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  avoid   deal
truth:  avoid   param

test:  given a course id .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to get a full path from a path .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  filename   wanted
truth:  filename   filename

test:  trims the tid: conf for a device using the supplied tid .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  return the current location in an vcenter buffer .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  it should extract the first scenario tags from the scenario .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  replace opened .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  paths - install .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  use   rasied
truth:  use   ctypes

test:  checks for two paths to the same paths and their generators .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  get a network with the the the the the the the the the the name of the network .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  gets   killed
truth:  gets   network

test:  make sure we dont crash if an error is not occur .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  test   storing
truth:  test   template

test:  get a metadef property .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  loop through all the windows doctest and their loaded contactssample .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  render a jinja template with a jinja recipe .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  evaluate   result
truth:  evaluate   recipe

test:  converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   talking
truth:  converts   dict

test:  do a file from a path .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  if a string starts with a specified character .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   place
truth:  view   generator

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   sympy
truth:  returns   slice

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  create a new l2 service .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  forces primary emails from basket .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  change   based
truth:  change   address

test:  make a pmf from pmf1 to that a value from pmf1 hemisphere .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  make a request exception to be sent in the current request .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  formatting   unbinds
truth:  formatting   exceptions

test:  marks the tense as deprecated .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  discover a list of file names for a given path .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  plot error for each observation in the original color .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   capturing
truth:  plot   error

test:  returns the tuple of all the pairs of this dataset .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  reduces   lstrip
truth:  reduces   set

test:  dummy implementation of _thread .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  retrieves all volumes belonging to a generic volume group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  when a circuittermination has been modified .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  archive   pulls
truth:  archive   null

test:  convert a string of bytes into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  returns the time the max api method .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   sqlmap
truth:  returns   limit

test:  restore a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  create a client configuration object for a backend .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   unload
truth:  get   client

test:  return dataframe of length fields for the given object .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  computes   regressiont
truth:  computes   index

test:  deletes the messages and include the user .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  get   prioritized
truth:  get   messages

test:  sends an email using smtp .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   equalize
truth:  sends   email

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this tamper script works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  set up the plugin on the local globals dictionary .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  importing   pulls
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve the login url for an auth provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  gets   access
truth:  gets   url

test:  a previously truncate integer .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  truncates   pulls
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  element-wise transpose .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  transposes   providing
truth:  transposes   tensor

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a stream prefix .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  initialize a finder command .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   rank
truth:  display   finder

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  decorate a record-style method to be used for api endpoints .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  validate that a bound exclusive exclusive is an integer in the correct format for the current platform .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  get the center center x list .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  return the country available manually .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  returns the number of cliques of the graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  defines   base64
truth:  defines   ring

test:  generates a message to a message with the provided title and the template metadata server .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  redirects   pulls
truth:  redirects   null

test:  send a message to the postgres server .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  this function primarily a constant of the input matrix .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  pulls   registers
truth:  pulls   product

test:  download the given invoice file against the invoice number that has already been downloaded against the file and return its path to the new location .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   intrepret
truth:  download   pdf

test:  returns a bpm configuration from the given configuration for the given plugin .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  creates   fixes
truth:  creates   manager

test:  parse the option to a primitive list of options and returns a tuple containing the winners for a stripped domain .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  return the state of the package that marks the locate status .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  replaces space character with its argument .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replaces   drawing
truth:  replaces   tags

test:  finds all strip fields in a course .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  remove   localize
truth:  remove   reference

test:  converts a datetime to a timezone-aware datetime .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  generating   pulls
truth:  generating   null

test:  calculate md5sum of the file .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   brings
truth:  calculate   checksum

test:  make a simple wildcarded nxm entry class for the given data .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  make   inform
truth:  make   entry

test:  associate specified qos specs with volume type .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   teardown
truth:  associate   type

test:  convert the salt://_grains into a d .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   launch
truth:  convert   coordinates

test:  transliterate the given input to ascii bytes .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  change   flashes
truth:  change   characters

test:  register the new plugin .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  parse a mkd specification for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  parses a cost cost .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   pre
truth:  parses   equation

test:  test freezing a git repository .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  test   unparsing
truth:  test   git

test:  make sure current transform between complex and complex .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httpresponse and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   throw
truth:  adds   x

test:  compute the unitary .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  pulls   skip
truth:  pulls   difference

test:  helper function to create a single children in a given store .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   banned
truth:  create   children

test:  returns the message pointed to a string .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  returns a list of urls that represent the given files .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the completion of the vm .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   guessing
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  deletes a comment .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  dispatches   decrease
truth:  dispatches   action

test:  return the path to a string .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  install a new plugin .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  the inverse of a certain process .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  compile   bench
truth:  compile   value

test:  get bottomed vertexes from svgreader .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  convert the icmpv6 module of a vcenter .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  extract   tile
truth:  extract   information

test:  fetch and return a list of all virtual machine based on the specified vm .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  retrieve   hostname
truth:  retrieve   vm

test:  return full path to the file .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  ensures that f is not split correctly into the environment variable .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  return whether or not given value exists cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns the method name of a given argument .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  fetch google results from google api .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   dos
truth:  fetch   search

test:  remove files that are forwarded .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  remove   attempt
truth:  remove   extension

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   jump
truth:  add   pixel

test:  resolve a file of index into memory .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  try   disabling
truth:  try   filenames

test:  copies the suspend module to disk .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   grouping
truth:  suspend   system

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the login protected view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   parsefile
truth:  get   descriptor

test:  decode a string with checksums variable .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  default value of the community configuration .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  update addons+collections download totals .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  update   hooked
truth:  update   downloads

test:  check if the provided string is a matching lock .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  determine   constructs
truth:  determine   lock

test:  double nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  matrix slice function .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  trace   cleaning
truth:  trace   matrix

test:  ensure that our fields are set correctly .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  test   offset
truth:  test   parameters

test:  returns the index key for the index key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  validate if loop is valid .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  check   urlencode
truth:  check   item

test:  run the function and return its profile function .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  converts a string of unicode strings to camel-case .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  multi the remaining remaining start and a datetime to it .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  calculate   support
truth:  calculate   time

test:  classify random 16x16 color images into 2 classes using logistic regression with convolutional hidden layer of gru units and softmax applied to the last activations of the units .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  classify   zoom
truth:  classify   vectors

test:  parse a filename .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parse   unlocking
truth:  parse   source

test:  convert a json object to a json file for consumption by the python code args: user_feed: : dictionary of json row returns: json object .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   svn
truth:  converts   dicts

test:  python 2 enzyme python interpreter to run the beets version .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  builds the virtual disk create spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   emulate
truth:  builds   disk

test:  ensure the container agent to be enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  ensure   reading
truth:  ensure   agent

test:  get a new value for the given mask .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   linkify
truth:  get   integer

test:  removes a specific acl rule from the given acl .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  utility function for handling the tensor of a 4d input using zeros and right .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  make the previous bit and return a service to check that the previous state was created .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  test unique elements .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  main wsgi server execution function .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  run   roundrobin
truth:  run   application

test:  test mne images .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   latex
truth:  test   mne

test:  return vtk wrapper that checks vtk from vtk .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  packs a datetime-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  return the size of the given parameters .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  return   given
truth:  return   register

test:  verifies the response was created with the path/method code .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  convert an application error to a http error message .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  iterate over all database location to a dict .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  calculate   deployed
truth:  calculate   symbols

test:  return a permission function decorator that connects to a user class .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  caching   files
truth:  caching   check

test:  create a loopback .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  return a list of the methods which can be included in classes .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  convert   utf-8
truth:  convert   argument

test:  extract the _mantissa bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  determine   prepopulates
truth:  determine   bits

test:  recursively set all files in directory and return them .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  finds   beginning
truth:  finds   glob

test:  test a line with a title line .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  add an empty file to a file .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  determine if a stage should be written by checking if the title in the stage of a stage .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  inform   allocate
truth:  inform   user

test:  converts db .
truth: converts db . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test that a string with htmlsplitter .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the percentage of correct prime numbers that are equivalent as positive .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  returns   cyclen
truth:  returns   percentage

test:  converts coordinates in os-independent to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   launch
truth:  converts   coordinates

test:  returns true if the field is privileged for the model class .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   pushing
truth:  returns   model

test:  create a widget instance that makes the provided master class with the provided title and is either none or android .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  setup the binary sensor devices .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  tests that the index file ceased to exist units and on-disk units .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   highlights
truth:  tests   update

test:  create a static file .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  generate   encapsulate
truth:  generate   instance

test:  remove notification from a given event .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  moves   l{twisted
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  return the login host for the given user on the given host and port .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete a zone cli example: .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  test that table is passed in models .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   increment
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  reads configuration arguments .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  generate a hosts file system .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  returns the registry cache directory .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  return   eliminating
truth:  return   cache

test:  update remotes .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  execute   domain
truth:  execute   fetch

test:  returns all expired sessions .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  returns   implement
truth:  returns   sessions

test:  return true if the tag for a given tag exists .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  split the first two likelihood that preserves the specified type .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  filters out the close to the average of a mapping of expressions .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  solve   teardown
truth:  solve   type

test:  remove all headers from the response from the response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  removes   stubbed
truth:  removes   headers

test:  returns the maximum number of net things .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  get a merge containing the subresultant issued in a git repository .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  given   disappear
truth:  given   commit

test:  returns the profile model class for the given profile or none .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  test advanced method .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   fixes
truth:  test   manager

test:  computes the periodogram sum of tracks .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a dict with file key and values of the given filename .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  replace   supports
truth:  replace   text

test:  delete a security group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  delete   enabled
truth:  delete   nova

test:  tell worker(s) to send output for a topic that has been executed .
truth: hold election . 
test:  hold   pulls
truth:  hold   null

test:  test for issue "majority" .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  test   mail
truth:  test   creation

test:  uninstall an lvm package from the system cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   registers
truth:  uninstall   product

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   stubbed
truth:  asserts   headers

test:  return the memory solve() of a python matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   forget
truth:  compute   inverse

test:  gets the number of subtasks that have already been set of subtasks between subtasks and subtasks .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  determines   sparks
truth:  determines   number

test:  extracts messages and their actions that are marked as an par1 .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  gets   randomise
truth:  gets   message

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  add a list to an existing list of all items .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  generates   forgets
truth:  generates   filesystem

test:  generate the users password for a users password .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  stop gradient of all gradient variables .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  returns   hanging
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get all slave and data from db .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  returns   responds
truth:  returns   database

test:  retrocompatible wrapper to check to see if the ca certs .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  returns the distance between the non-singleton equation and y .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the rank of the given array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  take   restrict
truth:  take   array

test:  set a value in the config file .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  sets   listen
truth:  sets   key

test:  adds the large numpy array to the large array .
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  add   restrict
truth:  add   array

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  convert   listen
truth:  convert   key

test:  return words in words .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  registers a delete title in the dashboard .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the list of all running services cli example: .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   paste
truth:  list   containers

test:  returns a tuple of color columns that correspond to the given color color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  convert   small_stmts
truth:  convert   line

test:  decorator which qcolor resource authentication decorator .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  verifies that username is valid .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  verified   pulls
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns the product of two related t and items of two related records for one set of squares a and items .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  wrap a deprecation warning to this is a no-op .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  indicates   reported
truth:  indicates   function

test:  indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   offset
truth:  indicates   parameters

test:  helper function to return the graphics formats according to an application per raw duration of the smallest handling .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   was
truth:  change   uid

test:  parses the current date and returns the resulting date .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  returns   known
truth:  returns   utc

test:  converts a wotan tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   building
truth:  converts   tag

test:  delete the cors bucket from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors configuration was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted .
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   freezing
truth:  delete   configuration

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   stripping
truth:  providing   step

test:  equate the points by the equate path .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  equate   algorithm
truth:  equate   points

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  registers a class with a mapping of webpack webpack .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  register   reserializes
truth:  register   widget

test:  the goto definition of a multi-line to goto works .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sets the field java to be unused for an object .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  sets   flattening
truth:  sets   field

test:  see also: .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  convert string to either a list or a list of tuples or a list .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  generate a dictionary of comment from the given numba .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  return a json string of document and the document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  upload the specified html to the public secure .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  return the file descriptor for the given directory .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  unzip   labeled
truth:  unzip   file

test:  a mock function to create a mock to replace the use of open .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  mock   reported
truth:  mock   function

test:  verifies that set .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  pulls   were
truth:  pulls   property

test:  check the major version we need to determine the major version for the json one .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  checks   default
truth:  checks   part

test:  delete a soft query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  stack   port
truth:  stack   helper

test:  create symmetrical locator .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  convert "posix_local" matrices from n matrix to two-dimensional matrix .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   cover
truth:  returns   weight

test:  validate the configuration and return a bbox scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  list all commits in a repository .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  lists   mounts
truth:  lists   objects

test:  get triangle mesh from a dictionary .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return application application path for .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   resizes
truth:  return   icon

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  :meth: :meth: on the given list of sets .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  pulls   supplement
truth:  pulls   synonym

test:  get the list of dns entries for a dns .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   unescaped
truth:  list   entries

test:  returns the report from db .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  tests serializing .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  formats any provided option to pass it to a tuple of type .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  only return if python-etcd is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is a positive integer or 0 or 0 .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  parabolic cylinder bessel function of the first kind and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   simplifying
truth:  parse   range

test:  common code to change a users gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the setup device sensors .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  setup   divide
truth:  setup   tracker

test:  check that value is valid and within each word .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  insures   terminate
truth:  insures   password

test:  returns a file descriptor .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  return a list of country zones from a country time zone .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test whether two pathnames match the use of just a proportion .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test conversion of tuples .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  test   gated
truth:  test   wether

test:  write enumerator points .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encodes   algorithm
truth:  encodes   points

test:  return true is job is deleted successfully .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  create temporary folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns the path to the tarball .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   define
truth:  build   path

test:  retrieve all attachment snapshots .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  retrieve   substitute
truth:  retrieve   records

test:  return the empirical root of the matrix 0 .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns mobile where the user is calculated for this doctype .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  beginning beginning of entity beginning .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  clean   stores
truth:  clean   name

test:  return the view of the view with the given shape and the parent object .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  build   usage_key_string
truth:  build   view

test:  check if old page is available for views if necessary .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  checks   advance
truth:  checks   title

test:  return a list of absolute paths that contain the given fields .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  this decorator is designed to be used in views authentication .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  pulls   unload
truth:  pulls   client

test:  compresses all root bridge for threshold .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  default   deserialized
truth:  default   bridge

test:  perform a string of template variables .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  return   storing
truth:  return   template

test:  make an centered .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  move   backs
truth:  move   mean

test:  compute the inverse of the distance matrix .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   xor
truth:  compute   scale

test:  check that the classifier matrix works .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  evaluates   flattens
truth:  evaluates   output

test:  fetches a list of available keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  mark a function as not change the xml .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  pulls   autogenerated
truth:  pulls   benchmarks

test:  inject custom aws deploy command .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  called   authorizes
truth:  called   command

test:  string representation of a given dict .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the commonfooter for a given footer that uses the default footer to display in the default footer .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  returns   sampled
truth:  returns   footer

test:  copy the source file from one location to another .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   crowding
truth:  copy   docstring

test:  test the perfectly on none .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  tests   binhexed
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   failing
truth:  updates   style

test:  returns a dictionary containing the titles and titles .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  read   aristas
truth:  read   titles

test:  returns if its none .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the expression with splitting quaternion parameters expr : bool if x is none .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  find   returned
truth:  find   numbers

test:  returns a new specification object with the specified global spec .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  encode a number to the hex encoding specified in javascript .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   reviewing
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a role on a user to a domain or domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   present
truth:  adds   role

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  calculate the signature of a fused signature .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  returns data retrieved from a url to a handlers .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  called after building the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  helper to load the dmri dataset .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  compute the similarity of two quaternions for given string .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  create a message to read the given range .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns the pcap for a pcap .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  return   igor
truth:  return   device

test:  this returns the csv of students metrics for each section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   confirmed
truth:  skip   length

test:  callback for key=value pairs .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  callback   aliased
truth:  callback   json

test:  return a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  build a navigation item used for example breadcrumbs outputs <li><a href=" .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  build   compressing
truth:  build   menu

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  upgrade outdated to pkg .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  run   coercing
truth:  run   upgrade

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  clean the url including a file or byte string .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  github   disabling
truth:  github   filenames

test:  add a offsetboxes process .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  surround   pulls
truth:  surround   null

test:  cast to all consumers of a topic .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  make sure that mask is equal to expected .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  asserts   blend
truth:  asserts   mask

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  takes color(s) and applies the function on the function on the color(s) in particular .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the pid for the process .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  validate an interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  lookup   reported
truth:  lookup   function

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  only load this module if the mysql command exists .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   supply
truth:  load   redis

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   inform
truth:  update   entry

test:  return a list of headers which exactly groups the given name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  parses the input web variables into a triple .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  simplify   configured
truth:  simplify   tree

test:  get a single indent indent in a text .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  return   optdict
truth:  return   lines

test:  converts a vif model to a network name .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   autoreleased
truth:  converts   types

test:  greatest common divisor using euclids algorithm .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  pulls   endpoint
truth:  pulls   divisor

test:  decrypts the msgids .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  apply   prioritized
truth:  apply   messages

test:  validates the given python type against a boolean value .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  check   implementing
truth:  check   management

test:  the other callables - expects a set of all the callables that are inlines between the other .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  run   depending
truth:  run   callables

test:  bins data according to bins .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  return the smallest node .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  finds   looping
truth:  finds   node

test:  returns a new license .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up the optimizations .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  setup   deallocate
truth:  setup   worker

test:  return true if two points to do this is greater than or equal to b .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   disallow
truth:  compare   identifiers

test:  returns an iterable over an iterable of values .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   uncheck
truth:  returns   element

test:  return the such name .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  ensure an apache module is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  fixture that mocks and fixture fixture to stdout .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  create   alter
truth:  create   mock

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  checks to see if all and dtype is a proper probability .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  tests that get_debug_value is properly with the same memory as the activation implementation can be loaded .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  include all consistency groups matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   singular
truth:  include   volumes

test:  test tcp/udp network for latitude .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  parses the schema response and returns a tuple of fields for the schema .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  parse   manage
truth:  parse   fragment

test:  register all configuration options available in the given instance .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yields indices of all indices in indices that differ between the indices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  pulls   sparsedataset
truth:  pulls   indices

test:  returns a pep instance for obj and return value for the given object .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a initialise of the passed bot .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  config   contructs
truth:  config   sample

test:  compute a string bindings for a multipart key .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert any iso 8601 to a search_service_pb timestamp .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  this is the first derivative of the falling n .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  tests that the in-db object has an api post operation .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  given a program name .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  checks facet names is not too long and matches facet names .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   step
truth:  checks   names

test:  return a flash string for a range .
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  stop a network container container id or all instances in it .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   satisfy
truth:  stop   container

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit .
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  compute an md5 hash of a given string .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  computes   orthoganlize
truth:  computes   hash

test:  a decorator that adds correct attribute to an attribute of the request .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  create   decompressed
truth:  create   proxies

test:  update_many path is a file if a block is true .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   shared
truth:  update   string

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   share
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   creating
truth:  create   transfer

test:  return a django response object with the requested request .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  rewrite   confirmed
truth:  rewrite   length

test:  flatten an iterable of lists into chunks of iterables .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  create an dataset for the set of floats .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  convert from a list of points to a search_service_pb instance .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  make sure bad setv character .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   asarray
truth:  ensure   cases

test:  returns a trace from a component .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  compute connectivity from a compute time without going .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  register the new plugin .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  plugin   complete
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return an ordereddict to some data in the make .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  return the fitness for a fitness in the sequence .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  delete a vserver from a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  delete   reduced
truth:  delete   cli

test:  utility method to make verbose .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a boolean value check if the function is running .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  change the login class for a given repo and then split .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  log   entries
truth:  log   review

test:  helper for :meth:_publisherapi .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  pulls   oriented
truth:  pulls   meth

test:  searches the text by a given string on the pattern .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  clear the regular expression .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  clears   history

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   suggest
truth:  delete   folder

test:  returns the atlas .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  adds variable argument to the value .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   spawns
truth:  add   endpoint

test:  decorate the description of markdown used to represent markdown .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  apply   gzip
truth:  apply   markup

test:  returns the libzmq file for the given process .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  display the current db .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  print   deconvolves
truth:  print   level

test:  compares two numbers of datapoints .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert non-sequence to the operating digest .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  vectorize   labeled
truth:  vectorize   file

test:  alternative implementation of the computational variable count rather than or array_like of a maxima parameters count : array_like the number of maxima process .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  convert pil .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  create a new rpc for use in creating images .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  signs   question
truth:  signs   blob

test:  checks if the layer is a change request .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  pulls   fonts
truth:  pulls   layer

test:  return the status on a mysql server via "show full processlist" .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  parse the first line of a composites .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  view to remove a given field for a given field .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  remove   hits
truth:  remove   filter

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   making
truth:  bitcast   float

test:  make sure that the user is set to still out if needed .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  update the default library to be used .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return a list of unique frames that are on the given string of events .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  make a test case for every db connector which can connect .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  print the specified output to the body of memory .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials of the 2nd kind .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  define the __clrtype__ function using the metaclass .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  make   teardown
truth:  make   type

test:  change the nova nova status cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  updates a set of strings .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  change   exposes
truth:  change   values

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  build a file from an enum filename .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  describe   bench
truth:  describe   value

test:  replacement for django .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  perform   roundrobin
truth:  perform   application

test:  store an unload file .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  bounding box to bounding bounding for specified shape .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  does this domains have a valid email address string .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add a package to the pkgs package .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  add   downloading
truth:  add   package

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  return the remote request type to connect to the session .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  pulls   orders
truth:  pulls   alias

test:  return aws information .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  test if a given resource name is a uri in the given urn .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  generates the frequencies of the current processlist" .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  decode a base64 encoded data using the jbig2 key .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  setup the serial sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return kernel_modules information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  builds the display spec for the specified spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  convert   representing
truth:  convert   specification

test:  given the notepad configuration .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  set the clean state for the current thread and code streak .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  resets   trailing
truth:  resets   flag

test:  convert macros into python dict .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  test plotting of snr operator .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  context manager to temporarily add temporary directory to sys .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  returns the contents of an image .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  attempts   indicating
truth:  attempts   images

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  let   appending
truth:  let   thing

test:  converts a datetime object to a timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  update a specific sm backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   enqueued
truth:  load   po

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted datetime to iso8601 .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the currently running process .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  creates   prettify
truth:  creates   process

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  return features in a mutex or list of functions/forms .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  removes the content of a transaction .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  pulls   inputted
truth:  pulls   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  parses a blob field and returns an equivalent object .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   clip
truth:  parse   record

test:  retrieve the repository manifest from a repository .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the string code of an http code .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  transform   batch
truth:  transform   code

test:  extracts the list of arg from request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   dtype
truth:  extracts   arg

test:  tests that the string with regular expression works as one token .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  set the local tag of the passed state .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  request   logout
truth:  request   change

test:  loads a user from the django .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  loads   storing
truth:  loads   template

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   summary

test:  helper function that takes the non-boolean id and returns a global formatted id .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  read count 32-bit ints using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  read   capture
truth:  read   bit

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  make sure that the predictions and reconnect are in the scatter .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert string to latex using the latex variable definitions .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   sums
truth:  convert   expression

test:  given a disk name or false if no path is given .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   thrusting
truth:  returns   space

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  return the pants pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator to temporarily change the file of a function .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  flip   pulls
truth:  flip   null

test:  return pypcap device name for just about any dev .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  load the contents of a raw file and build it to the current year .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  enter   temperature
truth:  enter   date

test:  returns a slug on a name which is unique within a models table .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  returns   logarithmic
truth:  returns   slug

test:  extract the schema and filter names from a given query string .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  strip   backup
truth:  strip   properties

test:  create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  create   looping
truth:  create   node

test:  fixture that offers a temporary url in the fixture .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  configure   access
truth:  configure   url

test:  returns a byte-string version of s .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  avoid   ssl
truth:  avoid   errors

test:  extract the token from a http request and return it in a cookiejar manner against the current request token .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  returns a set of all fontsize in a given frame .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  pulls   settings
truth:  pulls   wcs

test:  accepts a template string as the callable as the result of a file or factory .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   interfacing
truth:  make   axes

test:  compares two urls for a list of length-one derivation .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a generator which flattens all non position of an s3 object .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  iterator   constant_expression_opt
truth:  iterator   iterables

test:  search for controllers in the galaxy .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  calculate the scalar number of digits on a string .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  return the greatest common divisor of a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing how to new .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  shortcut for the given opening/closing to be used in the template .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  template   building
truth:  template   tag

test:  solve the linear equations a complex matrix .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  pulls   tweak
truth:  pulls   replacement

test:  test performance of saturation .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  wrap an iterable over the errback thread .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  look for a yaml table .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  create transcript requests for a transcript response .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  returns   widgets
truth:  returns   responses

test:  return a dictionary of form data for each form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return true if *uri* is a valid xml uri .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test pip wheel fail in editables .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   represent
truth:  test   failure

test:  create a fixture to run a temporary input with a given path and testing encoded .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  set up general->editor to a small python script inserting a port .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  returns the provided document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  ensure that the named user is present in the running password .
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  get the file names of the file .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  resolves the data to a dict of fields and return response .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  put   enhanced
truth:  put   object

test:  maximum of the minimum value in an axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  normalizes   providing
truth:  normalizes   tensor

test:  check if output is initialized .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return list of open file and size of this file .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  reads   multivariate
truth:  reads   blocks

test:  takes a string that contains no more words that are not a regular expression .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  dtlz2 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  list of available rooms .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  -   decoding
truth:  -   lists

test:  returns a list of overall ratings for an exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  fetches   rules
truth:  fetches   ratings

test:  return the list of available compression methods in this node .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  untrash view .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  waits for qos client to reach specific qos body .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  pulls   break
truth:  pulls   operations

test:  folder for static pages edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  pulls   outputs
truth:  pulls   pages

test:  generates a cherrypy subclass of input .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  unmount a briefly device size .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  return   hover
truth:  return   bytes

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns resolve args and spacewalk-report or underscores contains units filled by the specified keyword_arguments_keys .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  get   throttle
truth:  get   unit

test:  list all available projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  lists   determine
truth:  lists   projects

test:  destroy a key_pair rule or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  delete   unescapes
truth:  delete   rule

test:  test that x_squared_norms properly stored on a :ref:user :ref:user .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a collection of sets to the current convert the form .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  this function is hugs to module .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  install the use python interpreter file .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  install   solve
truth:  install   settings

test:  stringify need to be the opengl configuration .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  set   freezing
truth:  set   configuration

test:  get the pathnames given ruler .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  attribute that marks a attribute as deprecated .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  encoded unicode function .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  return   rc4
truth:  return   utf8

test:  setup the bokeh component of the app .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  required   stays
truth:  required   sphinx

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific set of values .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check if variable has already had its required variable .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   newlines
truth:  check   dimensions

test:  return a boolean indicating whether limit filter have a given limit .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  usage   compose
truth:  usage   usage

test:  calculate the distance matrix for a vector of distance matrix .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  replace the given color string with a http/2 .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return start of normalization .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  it should take the tables .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  get the file name of the file without the file .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  provides the binary number of n .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  display   pulls
truth:  display   null

test:  returns sentence .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   tend
truth:  returns   chunk

test:  normalize the pack version number .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns a full parser .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  setup the mqtt lock sensor .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  set   create_object
truth:  set   sensor

test:  returns a random component of the length chars .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  get the pid location for the current process .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  try   snaps
truth:  try   pid

test:  return the path to the appropriate bkroot file .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  pulls   fixes
truth:  pulls   manager

test:  insert a the authorization key into the master .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   hitting
truth:  return   cassandra

test:  build the url for the label map .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  build   access
truth:  build   url

test:  setup the firetv platform .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   ask
truth:  setup   demo

test:  release a module-level lock to release with the given lock .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   deconvolves
truth:  release   level

test:  used to render a mako .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  associate project with key network_id .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  associate   killed
truth:  associate   network

test:  renders a accordion content of a list of contents .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  remove a virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   fail
truth:  remove   virtualenv

test:  set the value of the users attribute of an object .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unpickles data in bilinear memory .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return the manifest by the directory .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  pulls   unpin
truth:  pulls   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   prioritized
truth:  sets   messages

test:  return the given date for the given date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  function   temperature
truth:  function   date

test:  returns the list of cohort and inline discussion children .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  pulls   titlified
truth:  pulls   discussion

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  return the document for the currently selected xrd for the given xrd document .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  get configured subproject .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  returns   offset
truth:  returns   parameters

test:  a single result to merge a single result .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  load   downloading
truth:  load   package

test:  fetch an image by its argument .
truth: grab image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  check that the dpid is valid for dpid if it contains the whole file .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  bounce all search-related nodes in the cluster on the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  bounce   increase
truth:  bounce   nodes

test:  undo the current event .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  undo   pulls
truth:  undo   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   annealed
truth:  returns   bytestring

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  create the query instance containing the default qname instance .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  make   randomise
truth:  make   message

test:  returns a list of superset from column names .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  read   debugging
truth:  read   dataset

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  calculate the autocorrelation of a series parameters x : array_like coefficients or array_like .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  calculate   unshares
truth:  calculate   density

test:  return a keys that maps keys to a deprecated option .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  count all lags of a polynomial f in an interval .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  return   estimate
truth:  return   roots

test:  set the retcode state for all cpu cli example: .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   batch
truth:  set   code

test:  produce spacing produce spacing for either uniform spacing or proportional based on rectangular extensions .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  produce   pulls
truth:  produce   null

test:  flocker-container-agent the memory setting for a multiplier .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  parse   store
truth:  parse   memory

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  test the timeline option .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  check the virtual service on the specified service .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  win -> boolean value of a given date .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  to be deleted .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   stderr
truth:  allocates   machine

test:  convert unicode to unicode string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  constructs a stream for display it will be used as a function for comparing .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a new array of type or the given array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the current request .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  create a grid of bokeh layout objects .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   stacking
truth:  create   grid

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   flattens
truth:  turns   output

test:  open a file .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  ssh   listen
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test the robust class for uint8 types of a simple type .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  pulls   mongodb
truth:  pulls   scenarios

test:  invalidate any figure should be done in interactive python mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  pulls   accessing
truth:  pulls   performance

test:  return the unique item from the current .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  add all files in the given directory to the given directory .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  returns the fingerprint of the build fingerprint .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   specified
truth:  returns   fingerprint

test:  decorator for methods:: class access to minion access kwargs - is a decorator wrapper - cleaned up on instance vars .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  return a multivariate tf-mxne from f in k[x] .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  include   imposes
truth:  include   f

test:  return a list of names given as a list of dicts or names .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  determines whether a character is receive enough to receive a character .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  return   raise
truth:  return   term

test:  return a list of images that are available but transforms cli example: .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  computes the arma process of arma process parameters ar : array_like the number of observations for each sample correction : array_like same number of occurrences for each process .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  setup the gui .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  needs   guvectorize
truth:  needs   oauth

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  create an imap-specific connection and call the given connection with the given host .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the style style of the config .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  use   solve
truth:  use   settings

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  it should correctly 0 to build a list of scenarios .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns a aggregate over the package with the given grey .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  check if a user has a permission on a specific object .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  decorator to ensure the given dh code is turned into a specific code .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the layer tile by an layer on a given layer .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the iteratively instance of the given python 2 .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  cache   thread
truth:  cache   zipfile

test:  move the loss from a binary of logits .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  a kernel function .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  only runs on freebsd systems .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  runs   setting
truth:  runs   systems

test:  get all the snapshots belonging to a project .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  pulls   signs
truth:  pulls   display

test:  monte carlo sample for one set of all references currently hardcoded used for this input is just a log reference to the log between tensors .
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  run   reports
truth:  run   estimation

test:  create an even that is an even extension of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  return the current daemon .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  return   disconnects
truth:  return   dir

test:  test the representation of the linear tables .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   alteration
truth:  test   lambda

test:  import content of a module given its name .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  get   optdict
truth:  get   lines

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  set new video file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   labeled
truth:  set   file

test:  read the cached p4 for a program .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  invoke   pulls
truth:  invoke   null

test:  return the number of seconds that are in the given scenario .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  builds a class from a package name which is needed to identify the given class name and its the user name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  import and return the module to import a module .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  cossim distance is distance metric to quantify the similarity distance between two probability distributions .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  return   itersubclasses
truth:  return   similarity

test:  set up & run a publisher to render overrides with string i/o .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  reimplementation of a file .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   labeled
truth:  uploads   file

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   frees
truth:  tests   folders

test:  return the text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  return   supports
truth:  return   text

test:  return current configuration logger .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  provides   code
truth:  provides   logger

test:  send compute users email for wrapper or removed .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  renders   equalize
truth:  renders   email

test:  return text encoded in the given preferred .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  ensure that the named package is enabled .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  verifies   dies
truth:  verifies   selinux

test:  return a dict describing the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  return a dictionary containing a list of kwa characters as keys .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  copy a file or directory and all it should be changed .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  make   resample
truth:  make   directories

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  turns   labeled
truth:  turns   file

test:  returns a boolean to whether the neighbors is the ith state of a and b .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  return   coefficient

test:  set the learning phase for the given value .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   dispatches
truth:  sets   learning

test:  parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   temperature
truth:  parse   date

test:  ensure that str is cleaned for json serialization .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  serialize   hover
truth:  serialize   bytes

test:  add numerical to qsub .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  ensure   step
truth:  ensure   names

test:  return a uppercase string for a set of clauses and string .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  loads   sums
truth:  loads   expression

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  creates a new resource provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  post   negate
truth:  post   resource

test:  generates an sql query string .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  generates a shared probability distribution that is currently shared .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  initialize   transliterate
truth:  initialize   variable

test:  determine the path to an executable .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  simulate memory usage .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  simulate   reported
truth:  simulate   function

test:  returns the results of a time-varying matrix .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  transform   gauss
truth:  transform   strings

test:  a shorthand for internalerror that returns last system-specific .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  set the previously configured new genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  pass the two images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  creates   forwards
truth:  creates   image

test:  return a new rc2 cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   certificate
truth:  is   optimization

test:  run the printed output of func() .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  capture   overlay
truth:  capture   func

test:  yaml: pathignore pathignore code for certain times .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the current colormaps .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  return   gather
truth:  return   colormap

test:  create a new message for the given local port and (2) (2) languages .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  build   randomise
truth:  build   message

test:  start debugging from frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  start   github
truth:  start   frame

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  create new environment variables .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  setup   constrained
truth:  setup   functions

test:  stores a single map .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  apply   reported
truth:  apply   function

test:  returns the set of the descendants for the given parent .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fetch a query to get a single table .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  pull   pandas
truth:  pull   columns

test:  remove the given directory .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  converts a string to decimal format .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restart all the django users .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   subtract
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  convert a list of / symbols into a list of pairs .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  build   bounds
truth:  build   table

test:  return the data for a url .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   populating
truth:  copy   info

test:  extract the text for the given page string .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  returns an httpresponseredirect to the current error canvas .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  short   capturing
truth:  short   error

test:  only work on windows .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  verify context has admin rights according to the target in this context .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test column as a column on a column .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  match a list of all matches a match in vars .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  match   printed
truth:  match   pattern

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  only prints a test if message is true .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  accept the appropriate rule for this process .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  create   unescapes
truth:  create   rule

test:  returns true if the supplied function takes keyword arguments .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the slow of the graph between u and v .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  construct   descend
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  pack the data for a usable channel header .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   restoring
truth:  pack   data

test:  return true if a given value is valid .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  returns true if the provided size is valid for the provided size if there is valid .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  table legend for a single table in data .
truth: table plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the inverse of a given array .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  helper version of there are created using parameters url: : float or class or memberships string listing up string which looks at runtime in the datastream .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  post   restoring
truth:  post   data

test:  return a single figure and below the current figure .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  display   restrict
truth:  display   array

test:  returns the square of the input array .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  sums   simulating
truth:  sums   input

test:  return whether the student in the request for an letter or not .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish this should be tested .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  publish   pulls
truth:  publish   null

test:  get the md5 checksum of the sha of the given sha codes .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  generate a unique filename in a list of all modules in a given path .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  yields   init
truth:  yields   modules

test:  returns a boolean indicating if x is a iterator that looks like a iterator .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  the the the nginx should be done by a file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  follow   labeled
truth:  follow   file

test:  this function checks that the validity of the symlinks that contain a given directory .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   crop
truth:  check   directory

test:  get the attribute list for attribute defined on the given object .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  restart a container from a docker installation container container id timeout : false restart timeout .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  restart   satisfy
truth:  restart   container

test:  break the wsgi-function in parallel if there is more than one python is not in parallel .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns the elasticache api key for a given key and encryption key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  compute   listen
truth:  compute   key

test:  this function is used to return the sanity for a package .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  build the inverse of codes that can be used to build an inverse token .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  build   guided
truth:  build   fasta

test:  return a country that apply a country from available country .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  given   forms
truth:  given   result

test:  update or set of configuration from dll/exe file dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   bans
truth:  update   resources

test:  helper function to search the keys for first django-storages stims by the text of its length and return the keys in the text .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  search   supports
truth:  search   text

test:  remove one or more messages from a job .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   paginates
truth:  clear   queues

test:  delete a calendar .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  delete   inserting
truth:  delete   calendar

test:  force-reload the named service cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  halt   reduced
truth:  halt   cli

test:  return a string representing the number of epoch to duration of epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  decorator to add active methods to the active view command .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  itemfield view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  serialize page with status .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  display   post_save
truth:  display   metadata

test:  return a string of a preprocessor translation .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  perform a transform on the first created of the cudamat of a circle .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generate a new hash of string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   orthoganlize
truth:  generates   hash

test:  wait for the specified file to add a file to the vm with the context .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  edit   seconds
truth:  edit   editor

test:  returns the node mode .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  get   monitor
truth:  get   compile

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  return cgroup mountpoint controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the growing network digraph with redirection digraph .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  return the given html encoding to be used for logging .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return a dictionary of validation files that can be used for tests that require validation .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get the service name .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  zero order polynomial regression model .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  order   pushing
truth:  order   model

test:  parse a string in the form that has an rsync-compatible timestamp .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a recordsensor region that allows us to specify a file record stream as json .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  returns a list of versioned id for the resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  generate batches of image and label batches .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  construct   parses
truth:  construct   batch

test:  decide whether a string has a bug applied to check its words and has the character with a different value .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  matches   shared
truth:  matches   string

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   optimized
truth:  debug   script

test:  get command line arguments and return a uuid object .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  supports   small_stmts
truth:  supports   line

test:  returns a milestone link for the specified course .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  write a docs to a new site .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  setup   suggest
truth:  setup   folder

test:  returns a sqlalchemy session object representing the first member of a session entity .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  make a launch request to be used with both session and that this is to build .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get the first big-endian string that matches a string .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  get fast array encoded by theano_funciton .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  get   boot
truth:  get   dot

test:  validate that a function is not a valid bgp type .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  replace the value of the attribute with a given attribute .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  converts   flow
truth:  converts   fields

test:  concatenate the revision file in json format and return a dictionary of packages .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  convert a numeric pattern string into an int .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  search   bench
truth:  search   value

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  test groebner basis for a file object using the urllib of two points .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  load   exposes
truth:  load   values

test:  returns true if the given pfilter is in the given patterns .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  filter   config
truth:  filter   patterns

test:  return the mp version of w .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  is   execute
truth:  is   region

test:  create principal cli example: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  create   embedded
truth:  create   example

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  pulls   indicate
truth:  pulls   polynomial

test:  return true if the application is available .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  specifies   optimized
truth:  specifies   script

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  create a new tables in the database tables .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   shutdown
truth:  create   tables

test:  make a string and add it to a binary string .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if text is a pkiz for content_type .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  determine   scop
truth:  determine   token

test:  charts view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  display   fragment
truth:  display   report

test:  like _clear_dict but returns a new dictionary with all values of the given endpoint .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  eliminates   unescaped
truth:  eliminates   entries

test:  used to mangle the mako loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  converts   chown
truth:  converts   loop

test:  parse an event document and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   takes
truth:  parse   stream

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command line options .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   currents
truth:  prepare   state

test:  merge a video message into a new audio .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  merges   sets
truth:  merges   video

test:  this function is called after each process in the processpool .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if a string has a valid config file .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  return   destroy
truth:  return   dtype

test:  parse the new docstring xml .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parse   spawn
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse authorization http authentication header string in a google auth header .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  list "services" on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  returns a temporary command that automatically used as known in the installed_apps argument .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  called when the source object is stopped .
truth: helper function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can reports translation reports .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  total html files for mobile data structures .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  add   outputs
truth:  add   pages

test:  get a tuple of ip addresses that match the number of values as a highest value .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  create   export
truth:  create   tuple

test:  compute the kruskal-wallis normal cumulative distribution function for the ping? system .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  whiten the device specified in the device .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  normalize   rising
truth:  normalize   group

test:  return true if the header contains an alpha .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get the saved service instance from the minion datastore .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  get   mimic
truth:  get   stub

test:  only executes the user this is a templateresponse function with a given limit .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   supports
truth:  turn   text

test:  returns a list of custom custom table sql statements for all django sql .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  given a vm string and a list of status strings .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  map   point
truth:  map   status

test:  checks the entry in the session to find the global py3 directory to get the path to the language code .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  returns the executor modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  get the standard directory for a candidate .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  generate   annotated
truth:  generate   candidate

test:  alias for read_local: reads the object from the cache using pickle arguments: tex_root -- the viewer file name -- the cache of the cache .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  uses   eliminating
truth:  uses   cache

test:  returns a selection object suitable for use in <script> auth .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  converts   looping
truth:  converts   node

test:  convert a worksheet instance to a more type .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  remove all user records for a user that has completed out .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  deactivate   pulls
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  return a set of all values of a list .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  are we being asked to look up a list of things .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  return a datetime .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  strips   matching
truth:  strips   timedelta

test:  extracts the versions of stripped from the http line .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  extracts   extract
truth:  extracts   version

test:  test that we can be true .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  verify   unmap
truth:  verify   descriptors

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   known
truth:  function   utc

test:  set the milestone flag indicating that the <filename> *d* has been deleted on .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   input_bytes
truth:  set   installation

test:  creates a new pair .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  register a new instance storage .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  identify   search
truth:  identify   d

test:  remove the test branch .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  perform   unroll
truth:  perform   steps

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   optdict
truth:  limit   lines

test:  patched version of urllib .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  return a function that is used as a callback in place .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  callback   located
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by millisecond .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  truncate   pulls
truth:  truncate   null

test:  hard power down the virtual machine .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  send   dumps
truth:  send   signal

test:  find filters: and am result items that it is being requested .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  given function name .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  return a list of renderers for all renderers in the specified renderers .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return the kind associated with the given key .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  translate   listen
truth:  translate   key

test:  returns the list of securitygroupname .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  gets the preferred channels safe for work status .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   suggests
truth:  gets   timezone

test:  verifies that the tpot class returns 0 if there are any g++/osx that have at least one .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  url   picks
truth:  url   reason

test:  generate a full adapter name for the given adapter name .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  get a list of sizes from the provider .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   unmarshalling
truth:  list   sizes

test:  expands the provided and expands as the average groups to pooling .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  return   ayoung
truth:  return   base

test:  attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  get the list of resources logged in a context .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   localize
truth:  returns   reference

test:  sets the desktop bit of the current thread .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  enable   challengenes
truth:  enable   hooks

test:  execute a command to run the given process and process with the given format .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  run   protects
truth:  run   args

test:  step that the constructor is not in a web file .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  print the two dictionaries .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   review
truth:  prints   keys

test:  imports the module for a given path and a module .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if sparse and indices is valid .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  returns whether the obj is iterable and not a string .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  check if an existing package is not available for the current process .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  return full path to the user-shared config .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a intersection of g and h that exist in g but not in g .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  completely clear the requested information from the system .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  remove   resample
truth:  remove   directories

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  return the local mode of an image .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  adds a course to the given id and add a course invite .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  append   disconnect
truth:  append   courses

test:  test reading a table with normal data .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  pulls   bounds
truth:  pulls   table

test:  returns a list of all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  some devices need to be checked for an devices in attribution order .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  set   flattening
truth:  set   field

test:  converts a numpy dtype to a new numpy array .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  performs a reset operation on the managed server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  powers   clones
truth:  powers   server

test:  return a list of summary of all summary that are summary available .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  display   vni
truth:  display   monit

test:  adds the enabled units in the unit registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   lstrip
truth:  adds   set

test:  runs the pip command with the passed arguments .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  return the path to the cumulants url of a resource .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  base64 decodes a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  pulls   fills
truth:  pulls   base64

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   bring
truth:  edit   page

test:  evaluate levi-civita symbol for comparing the elements in a kaufman element of k (so the previous of x and b .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  pulls   padded
truth:  pulls   evaluation

test:  initialize logging for rotation and turn .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  init   chew
truth:  init   service

test:  test if any temporary test cases can clean up after the test .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  clean   sleep
truth:  clean   files

test:  remove a view that adds a _ievolvable to non-blocking a new function used as a class .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  makes   sending
truth:  makes   uniform

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  hook   eventlet
truth:  hook   warning

test:  get the process for the given process .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  return the first child of the data node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a valid string of a series of params .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  check   offset
truth:  check   parameters

test:  encodes string value to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  encodes   bench
truth:  encodes   value

test:  create an arma transformation matrix for gls with respect to ma representation parameters ar : array_like covariance matrix for da : array_like covariance matrix or array_like coefficients of an arma
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  wrap a command to determine whether it should be included in a stream .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  runs   roundrobin
truth:  runs   application

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   slave_open
truth:  delete   media

test:  test no data for empty serie .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  clears review editor for this review .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  revert   pulls
truth:  revert   null

test:  given a list of indices .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns a client .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  hexdump -> str encodes a single string of initial_difficulty indices per microsoft mathtext .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  build   is_missing
truth:  build   hexadecimal

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port pair .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   upgrade
truth:  download   poem

test:  lists all available boot entries cli example: .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  lists   reduced
truth:  lists   cli

test:  returns the terms in a fourier series .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   reveal
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  compute the matrix decomposition for a given eps .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  build   cleaning
truth:  build   matrix

test:  simple string for regular expression .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return indices of all possible pairs in the given sequence .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  pulls   determines
truth:  pulls   indexing

test:  return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  compute the real matrix of a pair of scipy .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  does a control form for the given control token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  split argument into a list and arguments .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   utf-8
truth:  split   argument

test:  return the db ip of the current machine .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  returns   containing
truth:  returns   ip

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get the matrix group in the group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  get   rising
truth:  get   group

test:  usage: lx links .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves the image info in opennebula and the user and the image available .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract versioned files for a given toc that are in a serialized format from all toc .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  ensure   init
truth:  ensure   modules

test:  minimize a rule using the provided expression .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  select   put
truth:  select   rules

test:  install a :keywords: loop that will install the original clock to the logged in the context .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  import   colorized
truth:  import   context

test:  sends a report report .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  send   fragment
truth:  send   report

test:  generate the git tmux configs for a given file .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  element-wise truth value of .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   predict
truth:  get   divmod

test:  return true if additions additions is detected .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  unmount   jitter
truth:  unmount   guest

test:  this function is only used to do protobuf of the constants given in a multivariate basis .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  returns   assembles
truth:  returns   coefficients

test:  convert x**n to x**n in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  gets the weekly dashboard stats for a given user_id .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  save   interpret
truth:  save   dashboard

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] using repeated squaring .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   round
truth:  square   polynomials

test:  parses the parameters of the parameter and returns a dict of parameter names .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   offset
truth:  parse   parameters

test:  multiply together several polynomials in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  make   assembles
truth:  make   coefficients

test:  test download exit status code .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  test   batch
truth:  test   code

test:  return the geometric mean of the matrix .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  take   backs
truth:  take   mean

test:  checks whether datetime is enabled in libcloud time zone .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  the proposed adapter is passed to the most up-to-date :rtype: dict .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  strip sphinx whitespace .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode base64 encoded t and deserializes .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  using   fills
truth:  using   base64

test:  return a list of the email addresses found in format .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  a mutable memoize decorator that prevents arguments to return value .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  displays profile of a learner .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  computes the simplex of v onto v .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  pulls   zoom
truth:  pulls   vectors

test:  get the included included in the configuration file .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initializes   encapsulate
truth:  initializes   instance

test:  return the path for the installed alembic .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  logging logging .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  log   support
truth:  log   time

test:  assign a string to its lexicographical ids .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  reset the database fill_values by the current step .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  running   binhexed
truth:  running   tests

test:  resolve an alias name to the given target name .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  compose a sequence of :class: .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  compose   constrained
truth:  compose   functions

test:  return the details of the given api cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  filters the list and returns a list of dicts .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   executed
truth:  filters   dictionary

test:  adds a message with the debug level .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  a generator of the inverse of epochs .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   permutates
truth:  apply   epochs

test:  compute the coefficient of the array .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  courses controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the harmonic moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  normalize a locale to make it usable in the format .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  format   printing
truth:  format   locale

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  use   described
truth:  use   convolution

test:  this is a helper method that takes a list of indexing that groups the results of indexing chunks of chunk to chunk chunks .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  return true if matplotlib version is installed .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  determine   loc<->coil_trans
truth:  determine   mpl

test:  assign a metaclass in a 2/3 compatible fashion .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  craft a gcode file with the last module .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  validates that the name is valid and can be used as a namespace name .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  return a salt cloud instance .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  simple function that returns the elementwise power of three numbers that are ofs_nbits .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  return the greatest common divisor of two sets of arrays a and b .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  compare   collecting
truth:  compare   b

test:  make a response for testing purposes .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  like post .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  get   instruments
truth:  get   keystone

test:  takes a datetime .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  format   supports
truth:  format   text

test:  remove a resource from the specified resource .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   start
truth:  remove   zone

test:  note: must be holding the _lazylock .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  handler for rand_add .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  args: tooltips -> mr a simple dict with the element in the configuration .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  produce   newlines
truth:  produce   dimensions

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  test   unlocking
truth:  test   source

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  pulls   demonstrate
truth:  pulls   motif

test:  set the aesthetic monitor .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  use   code
truth:  use   logger

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at least one .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  parse the database connection .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  insert   usage
truth:  insert   rows

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given desktop viewer .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  begins   sleep
truth:  begins   files

test:  listen to telldus .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  adds   supports
truth:  adds   text

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   lbrace
truth:  return   activity

test:  load an vertex file into list of vertex .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   switch
truth:  read   list

test:  returns the path to the directory of the given module .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  get   intialize
truth:  get   root

test:  truncate the error function to the given other .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  truncate   contructs
truth:  truncate   sample

test:  remove the file: .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  run markdown from a stream and log output to the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  set the current system keyboard cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   profiling
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  returns a tuple of standard output from a directory .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  strip a list of files in a subdirectory .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   sleep
truth:  strip   files

test:  make sure the getting data for logging formatting .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  obfuscate   pulls
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  example command to send a command to a file .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return the number of sign results .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  download an object from one s3 location to another .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   prepopulates
truth:  outputs   bits

test:  calculate the variance of the given list of values .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  calculate   read
truth:  calculate   variance

test:  confusion matrix for handling local orders .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  computes   cleaning
truth:  computes   matrix

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific registration method required by the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the uuid of a given node .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  generate   squeezing
truth:  generate   uuid

test:  loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   decompose
truth:  pulls   pt

test:  hidsums - filters - targets - the same way as the filters - filters between groups and targets .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  -   insert
truth:  -   targets

test:  create a docstrings from a dictionary .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  setup a function for selecting with the given function .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  setup   currents
truth:  setup   state

test:  uploads a file to the s3 bucket .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  create a fake negotiation entry .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   disabling
truth:  ask   filenames

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  t-sne components that are not setup correctly .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  pulls   commit
truth:  pulls   repository

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  drop   responds
truth:  drop   database

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  connect to a specified ip address and return the local ip address .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  return the list of strings .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  turn   sums
truth:  turn   expression

test:  loads the service and returns a list of *plugins .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  find an error message .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  find   login_required
truth:  find   removal

test:  read ssh data from the shared stream .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  wraps a method or instance to return the result as the query parameter .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  have   safe_octal
truth:  have   class

test:  test for commutativity of and and or .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer when it is an integer or a positive integer .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  assert   reduced
truth:  assert   cli

test:  checks whether a phone is a valid leniency .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  writes the nn ports with the specified plaintext port .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  check   xlsx
truth:  check   query

test:  get a unique endpoint by formatmessage .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  endpoint   disassociate
truth:  endpoint   webhook

test:  return server version from varnishd version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns the logarithm of ellipse with ellipse and y .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   pulls
truth:  draws   null

test:  return the rate limit for a user .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a list of threads for the given course id and course id .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   tile
truth:  returns   information

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv cli example: .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   poll
truth:  list   versions

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  return the interface for a given linux interface cli example: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  the binary array of images .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create the command to verify a binary file unfortunately .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  a version of os .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return the docstring for the given source code .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  extracts   safe_octal
truth:  extracts   class

test:  load a advance parameter and return the default one .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  loads   chew
truth:  loads   service

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata or given user .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  tests   listen
truth:  tests   key

test:  a fixture that is only used with a whats table for tests that doesnt cause the columns and wont have logins .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   lstrip
truth:  fixture   set

test:  return the code for a tarball .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  return   unset
truth:  return   completions

test:  returns the full message as a dictionary of arguments .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  function to check the item in a list format .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return a string representing the package that looks to be reprovisioned .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  provides the folder level that should be used as a list .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  add   resample
truth:  add   directories

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  extract   receives
truth:  extract   port

test:  determine if the point is inside a http header .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  determine   downgrades
truth:  determine   point

test:  returns all possible values of the given task .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  resolve   doing
truth:  resolve   annotations

test:  returns a global template string .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  default   nose
truth:  default   prefix

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  create a properties from a dict .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  transforms   enhanced
truth:  transforms   object

test:  given a key and an iterable of "specific" content .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  return   listen
truth:  return   key

test:  return the cholesky where i-th should be in the padding .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   grants
truth:  returns   decomposition

test:  iterate over connectivity and produce available parameters .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  bitcast a double into a 64-bit integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   capture
truth:  bitcast   bit

test:  read exactly handshake header bytes from the socket buffer .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  check that we dont make sure the logout reader is still very out .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  test   spawns
truth:  test   endpoint

test:  convert the source code to the form of source code object .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  default get_id .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns true if xpath contains lower case value .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  ascii   reported
truth:  ascii   function

test:  get the http response path .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  merge multiple dictionaries into one .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   exposes
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute display of files .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  given   looping
truth:  given   node

test:  return a string with the given character .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  deletes entities from the given uuid and add it to sys .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  deletes   support
truth:  deletes   time

test:  initialize a new console via the given logging .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  build a string for the python documentation .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a string which contains all the characters that can be used as a single " .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  serialize   accepting
truth:  serialize   e

test:  get new definite from the database .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  parse the xml element and build a fetch_data() .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  print that the value contains a custom gradient with the apps .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  sets   serializing
truth:  sets   setting

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  get all installed objects associated with the given theme .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  return a list of all the directories to the directory that contains the files for a given user .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  tests that the user can be trained with the same dimension than the rosenbrock implementation .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  prepare   solve
truth:  prepare   settings

test:  restful crud controller - used for the custom_report table .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return the shortcut associated with the given name .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  returns   permutes
truth:  returns   shortcut

test:  return the url without the file name .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  extract   nose
truth:  extract   prefix

test:  given a username and an instance of a user .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume type .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  setup the demo alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return inverse of _get_conn and introns it as specified .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  test if the guards of scale is initialized .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  check   pandas
truth:  check   columns

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  train a model and returns a sparse model instance .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  loads   offset
truth:  loads   parameters

test:  wait as a function to be run in syncing .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert html hash to stashed .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  extract   digs
truth:  extract   html

test:  helper for views .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a url to use with a mask in .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns overhead without a valid txt .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  find   borrowed
truth:  find   instances

test:  computes the linear backoff that can be used to calculate the backoff of the backoff backoff .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  pulls   holding
truth:  pulls   policy

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   turn
truth:  run   case

test:  computes a 2-d string representing a coordinate or quantile coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line of the same rate on a time without specifying the line .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  loads a android .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  return resizes url that resizes the original image url to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns a pair of length for the given list .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  return   patches
truth:  return   permutations

test:  return the "key" of *a* .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a json representation of the file subs for the given folder and node of the file subs .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  find   configured
truth:  find   tree

test:  find the cover object to the container .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   pass
truth:  find   document

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  return a regular expression for regex given a regular expression .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  get a metadef object or raise if it does not found/visible .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  checks for api version .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  returns a list of all the directories of the package .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  returns the number of validation digit serial number for a given number .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  calculates   httperror
truth:  calculates   digit

test:  return the coleman-li float with its least one .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   saml_artifact
truth:  compute   students

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   bench
truth:  centers   value

test:  compare two multiset partitions .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  enumerates   crops
truth:  enumerates   partitions

test:  destroy all quotas or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   safe_octal
truth:  destroy   class

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  save a dict of memory mode to memory .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   attacked
truth:  save   stats

test:  execute command usage: .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  get the document and fallback it .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  attempt   pass
truth:  attempt   document

test:  simple function to check if a file is read .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  cleans up status code for a network device .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  adds an import content to nodes .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  patches   looping
truth:  patches   node

test:  mark a reply as published .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  send   maintain
truth:  send   mail

test:  convert the whole predictions of the whole input .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  measure   ensure
truth:  measure   prediction

test:  waits for the application to be escaped if its not running .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  create a latest slug for the given namespace .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  pulls   makes
truth:  pulls   namespaces

test:  validates the response and validate errors .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  compute the rectified linear regressions function inplace .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  encrypt text with an sql key .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  encrypt   drop
truth:  encrypt   ssh

test:  fixture that simulates the test if graphviz from graphviz .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  change control inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  received   bring
truth:  received   page

test:  a simple wrapper for permission_required reasons .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  returns   graphs

test:  converts an xml string into a profilelistfeed object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  returns true if a cache config is allowed .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return a boolean if backend is enabled for the given backend .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  check   fold
truth:  check   backend

test:  uninstall an image from the distribution .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  register a function to be executed upon normal targs termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return issubclass and b for two nodes in a and b .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  get   fetches
truth:  get   parent

test:  make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   counter
truth:  make   thumbnail

test:  test that the shape of the gpu result is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  convert a datetime to a naive datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  returns a text if a bytes object is given .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  transform   hover
truth:  transform   bytes

test:  return the sqeuclidean function for the given 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  set the path .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates the context in the badge if it exists in the course given in studio .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  updates   populating
truth:  updates   info

test:  test working_copy() with sudo as sudo .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   pulls
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  require english project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   forgot
truth:  require   project

test:  moves the intermediate state to the hanging directory .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return a list of all result in the verbose file .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  show the list of available projects .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  pulls   rotate
truth:  pulls   loading

test:  add a legacy fulltheme to the given category .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  themes   pulls
truth:  themes   null

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return true if filename is compilable .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  determines   wanted
truth:  determines   filename

test:  reads html data from hdf5 file during the last iteration of one .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   restoring
truth:  reads   data

test:  parameters obj - the object to be a boolean .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  bind parameters into a dict of parameters or uuids .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the identity nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : compound_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  the update score for a search assignment .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  create   autoencoder
truth:  create   xml

test:  get the radian list .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  predicate to return all elements of a sequence containing no elements codes .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  encode cert bytes from a certificate .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  encode   producing
truth:  encode   certificate

test:  return the first element of a collection .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  given   orders
truth:  given   alias

test:  returns if there is a list of plugins we can view plugins .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  compute the sigmoid cross entropy .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  set the path .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  dummy function called before building a shutdown .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  get the sm flavors by a sm flavor .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   detach
truth:  get   flavor

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute != the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   pulls
truth:  attr_gt   null

test:  function that gets the right list of completed for the given series .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  function   target_expressing
truth:  function   question

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - immediately inside parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   comma
truth:  avoid   whitespace

test:  x is array of the zca log-likelihood .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  bubble calling error .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  make   shed
truth:  make   exception

test:  connect to aws euca :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  connect   chew
truth:  connect   service

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  test gl gl backend for subprocess .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  runs   carry
truth:  runs   test

test:  import a module as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  loads a data file from a url .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  load   pass
truth:  load   document

test:  returns a string of characters of the given number .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  encode   shared
truth:  encode   string

test:  return the current system upgrade or all packages cli example: .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of file names from a path file .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  read   bartels
truth:  read   contents

test:  task that converts a list of fields to kwargs by kwargs .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  add   bounds
truth:  add   table

test:  send an email to a template or sends the given recipient .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  alter   colorized
truth:  alter   context

test:  factorize a fill: from the given iterables by checking if the xml dictionary are :task:ids: returns a list of c{str} objects .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  returns a tuple containing the rpm version string from tag scheme .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the interactive status .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return dataframe .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  download   embedded
truth:  download   example

test:  does the node represent a tuple literal? .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  does   looping
truth:  does   node

test:  updates a task based on matching messages .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  get the unique index index .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns true if the given flags is a update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  pulls   consider
truth:  pulls   opcode

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   something

test:  a simple way to format the docker-compose file for general output .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   iterates
truth:  flags   comment

test:  execute a command in hadoop modules .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  command   limiting
truth:  command   order

test:  the univariate --help coefficient .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  return the path to the s3cache settings .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  run deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a single raw abundance otu github .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  computes the paired distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  returns the date of the best match or the provided coordinate to be used as the correct layer .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  test that masked column is included for masked points .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  this does a check/normalize if a string is a y .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  test   enhanced
truth:  test   object

test:  return the sysctl oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  build the shape of the 2nd of the x tensor labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  pads   redefine
truth:  pads   slices

test:  prints the summary of the summary line number in the name information: .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   import
truth:  write   summary

test:  determine if the procedure is a gcode or if the gcode text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  call a single function with arguments and return a dataset class .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  pulls   pick
truth:  pulls   callback

test:  akismet the user to enter a spam event for a post response .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   preload
truth:  checks   content

test:  turns the repository into a temporary repository then search using a repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  convert an image and rois within that blob into network inputs .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  converts   figure
truth:  converts   inputs

test:  perform a value for each steps in steps that doesnt be multiplied by an event .
truth: like common . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  shortcut for "cd" .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  pulls   stream
truth:  pulls   returns

test:  ensure a launch configuration is deleted .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   freezing
truth:  ensure   configuration

test:  a decorator for adding an option to an option codes that has the needed .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  generates   decrease
truth:  generates   action

test:  test that groups with masked column can be ignored .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  use   urlencode
truth:  use   item

test:  the leading and only unicode values for prs .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a function from a cursor as a dict .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  work   thinks
truth:  work   issue

test:  returns debugging of the view .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  parse the log options passed in .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  parses   define
truth:  parses   path

test:  connect to a given transport .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  handler function to add new note that it returns none if there is an review note that is logged in firebase .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  adds   unquote
truth:  adds   note

test:  julian calendar date to julian date for specified year .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  updates a parsed store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   unleash
truth:  updates   store

test:  get vector3 loop from vector3 loop .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  converts a string to binary string .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   pulls
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  get a resource_type associations; raise if not found .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   preprocessed
truth:  get   resource_type

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   filesize
truth:  returns   derivative

test:  return a title or a url if it is yes .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  given implements of dotted-notation opaque a^p url .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  get   catch
truth:  get   course

test:  return a tenant description if a tenant does not exist return true if the tenant was newly assigned to the tenant was newly a tenant .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  convert an internal id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  sends the given connection to the polar one .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  gets vlc object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  parse a network details .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  register a named tuple as a tuple of registry .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   labeled
truth:  unregister   file

test:  test tcp/udp network template .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  pull request to be passed to a resources .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  recursively remove the given dir from the created .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  return the absolute path of a path .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  normalize   disconnects
truth:  normalize   dir

test:  return a list of hosts to use .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  gets   preloading
truth:  gets   host

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   receives
truth:  create   port

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  add   resolved
truth:  add   threads

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  deserialize   pulls
truth:  deserialize   null

test:  switch frappe into bench .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  switch   plot
truth:  switch   apps

test:  shutdown a running system at_time the wait time in seconds before the epoch .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  send a remote object for the specified path .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  validates ipv6 address validation .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  renders the denied for the given message .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  get a list of all farness that have a positive iterable .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  sum   landing
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the file names of the file paths .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  get publisher driver for the given url and return it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  returns true if g has distance edges .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  returns   publish
truth:  returns   graph

test:  example of a template .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  decorator that calls django 1 .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  pulls   tracks
truth:  pulls   urls

test:  create a new merged for the given gpg .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  n-dimensional geometric geometric mapping .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  check to see if a key exists .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  replaces all requests .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return configuration and comment information for a specific dictionary of data .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  patch   enhanced
truth:  patch   object

test:  set a key/value pair in sqlite3 .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  creates a channel on a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   overrides
truth:  create   channel

test:  enable the use of the daemon to try to run the command line .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  cleanup   induce
truth:  cleanup   testing

test:  retrieve a fixed ip for a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  pulls   containing
truth:  pulls   ip

test:  concatenate a string from a [x1 to a [x1 string .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test that we can connect to the gl backend .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  create   puts
truth:  create   canvas

test:  generate a set of sequences for a single square set of sequences .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   sequences

test:  return the git repository .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  clear   concatenated
truth:  clear   pillar

test:  test that a aggregation resource after the given acl .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  yields   enters
truth:  yields   bucket

test:  convert an integer to a string of seconds since the epoch .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  converts   operate
truth:  converts   h

test:  iterate over all testsuites in a filename .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  yield   unpatch
truth:  yield   matching

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  convert the current disk to an csv file .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  creates a directory and all its subdirectories .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  creates   disconnects
truth:  creates   dir

test:  check if valid config is valid .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  wraps   roundrobin
truth:  wraps   application

test:  process the xml element by side loop and side .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   coupling
truth:  process   target

test:  returns a list of the user names of notifications available in a given dictionary of notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  return   equalize
truth:  return   email

test:  load an object given its name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  decorator for apiview .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  only load this module if glance is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fleiss
truth:  load   mysql

test:  lists all datastores available to the user and the users groups .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  find the inverse of the reverse column is .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   increments
truth:  returns   pep

test:  renders the template and fires the signal .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  test that "checkerboard" image can be loaded .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  =   preserve
truth:  =   int

test:  compute the sum of samples for a project .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  convert obj into a list of dicts .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  runs a dev dev .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  run   clones
truth:  run   server

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 edit distance view .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  display   generate
truth:  display   users

test:  compute the grade percentile of the numbers of a .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create listeners on an elb .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   registered
truth:  create   elb

test:  for the revamped dir in the directory of the filename in the given file name .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  create   tokenizing
truth:  create   filepath

test:  test case of discrete x .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  check that a string is a valid exceeds .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  a decorator that makes apibuilder old functions for a given function tasklet .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  portable popen() interface .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the version of the file .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  add users in database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  wait for the element to be either clickable or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   uncheck
truth:  wait   element

test:  clears the sse2 screen .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clears   encrypt
truth:  clears   screen

test:  parse the state of a setext and return a handle .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  filter an input file based on the given stream .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  like python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  generates a new compression session .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  refresh   pulls
truth:  refresh   null

test:  generate a stream extractor with locale settings .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  apply a model class to an array of integer instances .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return the factory to use .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  url-encodes all characters in a given payload tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * useful to bypass some weak weak case insensitive .
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  converts   flashes
truth:  converts   characters

test:  ensure that all targets contained in the targets .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  prints   eventlet
truth:  prints   warning

test:  return a usable dot product of a background service .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  used to parse the raw lines into it .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  called   dos
truth:  called   search

test:  remove the given paths .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  returns   ip
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy device if not cached already exists .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on this host .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  return a dict takes from json to and closing it .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  makes   simulating
truth:  makes   input

test:  splits camel path into list of paths and tail .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  make a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  returns a boolean value for the specified string value .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  makes the resource fields and resource fields from the resource_type .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  find the expression consisting of a graph .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  start the keyboard button for muting instance .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   encapsulate
truth:  start   instance

test:  return the *locale closest codes for the specified *locale codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   int
truth:  returns   match

test:  get the migration of a migration .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  finds   basestring
truth:  finds   migration

test:  test rechunking can be done as a 2d array .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return the key for a given key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the aws sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  replaces all occurances of operator equal (=) with operator like tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  gets an example object .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  pickled   mounts
truth:  pickled   objects

test:  start a new certificate to a given desktop .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  test that no configuration file is equivalent .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  create a sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   fitnesse
truth:  setup   events

test:  returns the user prefix for given server type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  returns the symmetric density that contain the specified probability .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  normalize the decorrelation color space .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  send an event .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  emit   referenced
truth:  emit   bookmark

test:  test the unicode bar bar .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  verify   resorts
truth:  verify   python2

test:  return a set of xonfig .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test that a database is already installed .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  test   init
truth:  test   modules

test:  parses the port description and returns a tuple of descending .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parses   sparks
truth:  parses   number

test:  imports module or none .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  site a given value as a new underscore variable .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  returns a string containing all python code for python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  searches   batch
truth:  searches   code

test:  returns true if p is a algebraic polynomial .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  return   added
truth:  return   p

test:  convert a string like image name into the varint .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  this function takes a string and returns the string: characters .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  strip   pulls
truth:  strip   null

test:  parse the ftp function and return a dataset object .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  parse   activates
truth:  parse   creds

test:  takes a string and a condition and converts it to condition .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  parse a filename for html file .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  return the hub class for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   scheduled
truth:  return   hub

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  converts   been
truth:  converts   format

test:  convert a string of text to an sql percent .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  pulls   overlap
truth:  pulls   encode

test:  compute a hist of threads based on scaling threads .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  list   indicating
truth:  list   images

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the keyczar signer signature of a file .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  fetches   create
truth:  fetches   secret

test:  determine if an s3 can be created .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test if a regression where we know it is used on a valid yaml string .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  makes a request to an http request .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  returns true if the string is decimal .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  returns the returner modules .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  write a vector to a python type .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  calculate   split
truth:  calculate   stat

test:  return an element with highest func score; break ties at random .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  strip the uri stroke: and trailing quotes from the path .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  remove   nose
truth:  remove   prefix

test:  return a list of all lsmod on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  read evoked data from a node .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  perform a check for configuration files contained within the same name .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  checks   talking
truth:  checks   dict

test:  show the provided template function .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  build a list of variables for creating a list of numbers .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  enables previously disabled instance tracking of plugin instances .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  disables   identifies
truth:  disables   plugin

test:  attach a queryset of roles as a each object of the queryset .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   enhanced
truth:  attach   object

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  lagrangian the screen .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  shutdown   unroll
truth:  shutdown   steps

test:  makes a number of active projs .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  create   looking
truth:  create   operator

test:  decode base64 data from a base64 encoded data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  base64   limit
truth:  base64   decode

test:  generate a prime file to strange strange archive .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  generate   sign
truth:  generate   pair

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  return the date of the full absolute date as a afe .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  convert   focused
truth:  convert   dates

test:  pad the given list of strings to the iterable .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  pad   locks
truth:  pad   pad

test:  returns the aggregated aggregated result .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  perform   enumerates
truth:  perform   protocol

test:  reestablishment updating section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  return true if domain a domain-matches domain b .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  return   union
truth:  return   domain

test:  set movie position as percentage between 0 .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   cyclen
truth:  set   percentage

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  same as not b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  default page for service documents .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  helper to run module in nominated namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  encode the input string to write the input to a base64 or unicode string .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   creating
truth:  encode   transfer

test:  get anonymous anonymous anonymous or create if not found .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  returns   help
truth:  returns   cart

test:  logs out the user request .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  return a unittest environment which is installed .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  nice -> string return a copy of the string s with spaces .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  returns the given html with all entities stripped .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  generate a template for the specified balancer artifactory_url .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  shortcut for the virtual machine .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get comparison in portion of portion directions .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   reported
truth:  convert   function

test:  translate a function into multiple scopes based on their args and the where x is not a list of scopes .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  deprecated and return warnings if it exists .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  given a list of entry .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   allocate
truth:  given   user

test:  parse an http header into a tuple .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  generate a random dataset with number_items .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  parse either a method descriptor or a list of coil_trans .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parsefile
truth:  parse   descriptor

test:  get the bytes from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  read epochs from file .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  function   permutates
truth:  function   epochs

test:  returns true if path exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  strip the most helpful from the list of input'] .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   restoring
truth:  extracts   data

test:  it computes the average squared error .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  mean   negotiate
truth:  mean   loss

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   throw
truth:  get   x

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns a list of all the entries of the given feed .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  retrieve   unescaped
truth:  retrieve   entries

test:  a little is a list of positions to calculate the columns then making the given nrows .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  divides   pandas
truth:  divides   columns

test:  return true if the items of an item is over .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear conjugate ncg .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set quotation price .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  set   switch
truth:  set   list

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   strips
truth:  write   changelog

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  get invalid config directory .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  add a specific volume type to the volume name and updates it .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  determines   going
truth:  determines   volume_type

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  pulls   serie
truth:  pulls   square

test:  finds the uid and returns a sequence .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  pulls   decoding
truth:  pulls   lists

test:  get four vertices from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  set up the concord232 alarm control panel platform .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  register a new role with its nmap or language-dependent name to register its user .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   present
truth:  register   role

test:  retrieve all enabled user groups .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   extract
truth:  retrieve   version

test:  gets the most recent data for a given jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks whether a package is installed and not linux .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  installs   pulls
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  pulls   inquire
truth:  pulls   tool

test:  set the title of the current axis .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  does not check for 'data/' .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  checks   authenticated
truth:  checks   everything

test:  create an scp files from a remote host using the supplied credentials .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  ensure ast code is allowed .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  puts   fixes
truth:  puts   manager

test:  helper to set a dictionary .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  pulls   represented
truth:  pulls   sysctl

test:  create new seemingly tags for the specified resource ids .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  delete   drawing
truth:  delete   tags

test:  pass to hadoop command and yield output .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  test import of all numpy arrays are not implemented anymore .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  make sure the exception is preserved correctly .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   shed
truth:  test   exception

test:  test cleaning info[bads] when setting is raw .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  test   walking
truth:  test   kit

test:  do not allow users to be not via harden .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  apply   drop
truth:  apply   ssh

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the string with camelcase converted to underscores .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  converts   submitted
truth:  converts   camelcase

test:  it should correctly extract a sentence from it into an array of steps .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  install the given locale .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   pulls
truth:  install   null

test:  yaml: zulip publish zulip during the build .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  asymmetric editors model of tawn 1988 special case: a1=a2=1 : gumbel restrictions: - theta in the change of - theta in - args are equivalent of - 1 * -
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  mixed   pushing
truth:  mixed   model

test:  get the canonical list of tuples of the resources for the given resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an image prefix from a table or s_out .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generate   bounds
truth:  generate   table

test:  make sure that remove_from_figure removes the colorbar and properly restores the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  when new user is created .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  make   allocate
truth:  make   user

test:  get the entire enabled configuration variables for configurations .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  return   optimized
truth:  return   script

test:  chown a group id and group id from this group .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  convert   search
truth:  convert   d

test:  returns a string containing the value of this clip .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   evaluate
truth:  returns   clip

test:  return the python implementation that depend on the system .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  completely clear all wsgi errors in the wsgi server .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  fixture   s
truth:  fixture   sets

test:  a noop function .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  noop   hits
truth:  noop   filter

test:  put a specific set of swift_conf_file of the given parameters .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  put   shared
truth:  put   string

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary by the key/value per cookie .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns path to flask path .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  update the quotas for a tenant .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   optimize
truth:  update   quotas

test:  modified spherical bessel function of the jn function modified spherical jn .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove all triggers from the task scheduler .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  only run the function if you write access to a file .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  run pylint on lint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   factors
truth:  run   pylint

test:  backwards a change value .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  given   equalize
truth:  given   email

test:  merges a database oauthgetaccesstoken which matches numbered and returns a new database .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  compute variables within a gradient file .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  it will check each standard location details in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found .
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  pulls   talking
truth:  pulls   dict

test:  write an empty file with a directory .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  test   emit
truth:  test   access

test:  tests the creation of a dataset .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  create   pushing
truth:  create   model

test:  return a list of srs for the given user .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  given   mignotte
truth:  given   things

test:  connect to the cached database .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  attempt to migrate a command to determine the system path to the vm migration cli example: .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  changes that the key supports an "instant" .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  return a tuple for the resource .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  returns   weigh
truth:  returns   vim

test:  returns an absolute path to the directory containing a path .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  this generator iterates over the file and yields its lines splitted from that yields the offset of a file .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  yield   simplifying
truth:  yield   range

test:  return the value with any multipart values being values that are not in the list of values being values of values .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  left   trace
truth:  left   merge

test:  this is a cross platform or a with a file that is yielded when the context of the given input is handled .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  print an error message .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  helper function to run a failed module in the given module .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  returns true if the current session should be used .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  check if user exists without username .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  call the given function in a class .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  runs   allows
truth:  runs   subprocess

test:  to allow specific to the ldflags .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  sample from a mixture of covariance matrix .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  draws   pushing
truth:  draws   model

test:  removes a qos to tenant association .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  convenience method to create a new usercontributionsmodel for a given size .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  wraps   format
truth:  wraps   parameter

test:  get the list of ip regions and their ip addresses .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   point
truth:  report   status

test:  set up the xmodule fragment for the fragment on its initial fragment .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  set   bdecodes
truth:  set   xblock

test:  return native string representation of a type .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  test error handling .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  pack an iterable of bits into a binary string .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  clears the value of the variable in the make .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  function   duplicates
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the snmp sensor .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  create a continuous random variable with the specified name .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  context manager that creates a temporary directory for the given set .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  return the equation class .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get the class used by the logger .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  extracts the torrent data from the torrent by the torrent .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  returns a process object connected to the pen .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  return the active configuration state from config file cli example: .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  write   currents
truth:  write   state

test:  function for displaying expressions generated in the sympy .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   blocks
truth:  function   representation

test:  get the pci mac address based on the device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  list all zones for or enabled zones cli example: .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   authenticated
truth:  list   everything

test:  enable or disable images in a test .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  return the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  minimize a scalar scalar span .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  tries to parse the format returned by the available; sdk .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  tests zip file in filename .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  call the function c{f} using a thread and return its output as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  run   vms
truth:  run   thread

test:  return an environment with the settings for the project .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in yaml dump .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  represent   come
truth:  represent   yaml

test:  helper method to tokenize the least common multiple of the given text .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  calculate   itersubclasses
truth:  calculate   similarity

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  convert an iterable of 2d ticks to a list of strings .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  return datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  reload configuration file .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  pulls   unblock
truth:  pulls   swift

test:  validate the device .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  ensure   stores
truth:  ensure   name

test:  subscribe a namespace on an instance of the plugin .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  config   lets
truth:  config   handler

test:  commits a transaction and resets it to the current transaction .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  commits   grouping
truth:  commits   system

test:  returns the inverse of the given array .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main function :return: none .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  decorator to require an instance to the specified instance or if a specific instance exists .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a single named information item from the os command output data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  return the most recent uid .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  get   was
truth:  get   uid

test:  convert a dv(x) to a subnet where the value is located .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  reduce the middle dimension of a 3d tensor to the zeros of a vector of shape .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  pad   overriding
truth:  pad   dimension

test:  the version of str .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  inverse of the dataset with the datasetkfold and solves it .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  restricts   debugging
truth:  restricts   dataset

test:  for sending email to the system .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  sending   equalize
truth:  sending   email

test:  responds to the widget directory for the orange .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  suggest column names on table names and dot .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   step
truth:  suggest   names

test:  returns a tuple of sample objects .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  raise the valueerror if the config isnt in parallel order .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  evaluate c*x**i in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  verify   quotes
truth:  verify   map

test:  then i have sent an instance of the given number of times an element .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  construct the oauth uri to use in a discovery name .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  look   trimmed
truth:  look   uri

test:  extracts the content at the given location .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  boolean   follow
truth:  boolean   indicating

test:  returns true if the last line was read from sys .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   phred
truth:  purge   caches

test:  convert a string into an ascii string of ascii characters .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  translate   stores
truth:  translate   name

test:  build a namespace i and send it to a file or tenant .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   executed
truth:  build   dictionary

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return node with the specified c{nodeid} node as any of the c{class} .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  load an image from a file of binary mnist .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  read   indicating
truth:  read   images

test:  delete volume from a server cli example: .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  returns the field value given an object_list and a field .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the multiplier or interpret documentation for the given two datetime .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  pulls   username
truth:  pulls   calculation

test:  update user information in memcached .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  update   widening
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   allows
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  selects   extract
truth:  selects   version

test:  construct a mock name for the given version of sys .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   inputhook
truth:  add   sys

test:  return true if the pid exists in the current process .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  returns a global devprocess object .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  helper method to retrieve a list of collection names .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return tuple of daily and minor from the contributions tree in leaf .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  convert a value to integer .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  open a file given its full path and a binary string .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  determine if a path is entirely inside another loop .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  name the name of package to be deleted .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  use the same api to find the table in a successful .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  escapes the string value for the given line .
truth: print line . 
test:  print   small_stmts
truth:  print   line

test:  validates that the review field has been valid .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  validates   decide
truth:  validates   groups

test:  convert an ipv6 address to the provided data .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test the behavior of --editable --uptodate flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   xlsx
truth:  parse   query

test:  custom variant of transferring .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  updates a condition with the given data and their states .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  convert a given string to a scope for use in email .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  construct the movorder filter groups .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  moving   offset
truth:  moving   parameters

test:  context manager to temporarily add a block proxy .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  prevents   loads
truth:  prevents   changes

test:  parses a single token tag and returns a list of arguments .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   bartels
truth:  parse   contents

test:  reset to http version of http connections .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  rebuild   skips
truth:  rebuild   connections

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  determine whether there is an available web .
truth: aux function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  dummy error on failure .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   pulls
truth:  log   null

test:  returns a deepcopy of the given function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a new dictionary with all keys converted to key .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  require the http route path .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute variations score for average precision .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  checks to see if the temp exists .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  checks   containing
truth:  checks   ip

test:  converts a datetime to the number of seconds since the epoch .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  convert   searches
truth:  convert   duration

test:  sending a sample from a given input string .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates a binary image with the specified numpy implementation .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  change   pulls
truth:  change   null

test:  return the screen .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a file to a stream .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  parse   storing
truth:  parse   template

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  reboot a droplet in digitalocean .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   pulls
truth:  reboot   null

test:  differs to convert the of: multiple people to the default keystr .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  maps   emits
truth:  maps   definition

test:  given a string like the time .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  compatibility helper function to open the persistent file .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  setup the app for the worker .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  setup   mutes
truth:  setup   app

test:  finds the 1-norm .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  converts   reveal
truth:  converts   sequence

test:  usage: {{ bgppathattr .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  set   transliterate
truth:  set   variable

test:  tests for bypassing which is retrieved via api calls .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  an empty draft revision .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  create   capitalizes
truth:  create   revision

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  create   solves
truth:  create   pagerduty

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   aligns
truth:  mount   volume

test:  common matching queries for strings to find the most common functionality for the assembly area of the queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  display   expects
truth:  display   queries

test:  parse the response from a response to a tuple like .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  split   install
truth:  split   response

test:  shortcut to add channels to one block of the kind .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  convert   latex
truth:  convert   mne

test:  return an instance of the backend that is configured with salt .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   stolen
truth:  return   fileserver

test:  create elimination matrix for linear elimination by x .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   lstrip
truth:  build   set

test:  create and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   forgets
truth:  create   filesystem

test:  reads the binary data from the given file .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  function   format
truth:  function   parameter

test:  return the chain of the given ref .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   proposed
truth:  find   chain

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  gpusparseblockgemv -> gpusparseblockgemv .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the tool is installed .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   grouping
truth:  returns   system

test:  update a repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  run the tests .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  midpoint over period .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  attach a volume name server name name of the new volume device to attach a server to apply to following on cli example: .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   aligns
truth:  attach   volume

test:  a decorator that allows a user to call a function and optionally add a command-line domain .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  inverse hyperbolic cotangent .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   sparks
truth:  change   number

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   switch
truth:  resets   list

test:  return the final status of the final statuses for saving .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  get   inform
truth:  get   entry

test:  return a path to target at *path* .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  verify that an error module is executed when we are executed .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a sane engine for the given engine .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  produce   mixed
truth:  produce   engine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  provides   install
truth:  provides   response

test:  returns the sid for a given program id .
truth: given a server . 
test:  given   clones
truth:  given   server

test:  get the set of frame .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename the test'] .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  render a json string and call the appropriate one of the hrd data in json files .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  renders   aliased
truth:  renders   json

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  prints the current process .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  starts   generating
truth:  starts   shell

test:  return a value for a account containing information about the couchdb bytecode-compiled .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  install certificates and private certificates required for a task .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   listen
truth:  install   key

test:  build the docs site directory .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   intrepret
truth:  build   pdf

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   search
truth:  persist   d

test:  get_prosite_entry -> handle handle a chunk of tuples note: this function is called between the main and courseware djangoapps .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  post   disallow
truth:  post   identifiers

test:  return cohort representation of a cohort .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  load the yaml settings for the specified plaintext .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  command   authorizes
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  pulls   to_bytes
truth:  pulls   encodes

test:  creates a thumbnail on the remote machine via the supplied layer .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  create   counter
truth:  create   thumbnail

test:  run a function on a thread .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  ensures   reported
truth:  ensures   function

test:  add fnclex to the context .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  pass through supplied namespace possible on the validations namespace .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  returns the root of the degrees of the degrees [0 .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  builds   blocks
truth:  builds   representation

test:  return the right version of the chunk of data when used is found .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  return a list of the frequency distribution that are on the sar .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  generate   restoring
truth:  generate   data

test:  returns true if the url has the same language .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns the port number .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  get   edit
truth:  get   ports

test:  get the value of a jobconf variable from variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a list containing all the manifest files containing the path to the image .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  archive   downloading
truth:  archive   package

test:  get a tuple like intelligent string .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets up a signal handler for the given frame and logging .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  deletes database schema and remove events from database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  removes   phred
truth:  removes   caches

test:  convert a unicode string to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   canonicalize
truth:  convert   unicode

test:  compare two keys that are elements that are in a key .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if all of the given patterns match in the given patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  determine   gauss
truth:  determine   strings

test:  copy ssl options .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  move   query
truth:  move   position

test:  parse configuration from the config file .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  check if all items have valid history history .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  return the courseusergroup object for the given course name .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  determines if the user has an allowed uid .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  convert a json subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  retrieve a plot from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   stacking
truth:  retrieve   grid

test:  extracts the raw auth from an http response .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting boosting .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  get the spec file and place it in build area .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  get   drawing
truth:  get   tags

test:  custom handler for the flash on an anonymous git page .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  compute the tomography distance between two arrays .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   rfc
truth:  compute   distance

test:  returns the path with / folders that are marked as the length of the filesystem .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  substitute   randomise
truth:  substitute   message

test:  iterate over all the parts of logdir .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  skip if a test repository contains * .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  skip   remounts
truth:  skip   obj

test:  trims the bezier epoch .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  prepare   restoring
truth:  prepare   data

test:  sorts a list of rule [2] .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  sort   switch
truth:  sort   list

test:  remove receiver from connections .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  displays the current time zone return the current time zone cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   start
truth:  displays   zone

test:  add the logged in the given css to the configured .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  parses a distance data to postfix_expression .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   highlights
truth:  parse   update

test:  convert long to bytes .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  use   shared
truth:  use   string

test:  start the specified mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  pulls   cause
truth:  pulls   option

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   contained
truth:  get   snapshots

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   switch
truth:  copy   list

test:  returns the cli prompt that is with the provided arguments .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  tokens   pulls
truth:  tokens   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are managed by the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get if there are inside a inside a inside the inside .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  updates a tvdb exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns lines in the given file .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  export geojson[p] of _clear_dict .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write data to a file .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  write   tend
truth:  write   chunk

test:  compute the expected eigenvalues of a matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  which organisation organisation the person is active with the data of the training organisation .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  show a message helper function .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  computes the [elementwise] group of a variable number of arguments .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  yaml: stash this plugin allows the user to define a stash build for your of code .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  returns a review request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  finds   knapsack
truth:  finds   request

test:  the profile with the specific site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a url to a repository log file for the specified installed tool .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  expression : expression + expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  list all rooms from the current pixel .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  take a sequence of overlapping pairs and y .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   lstrip
truth:  flatten   set

test:  return system information cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  change the default groups of the user .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  creates   decide
truth:  creates   groups

test:  generate a random integer that will sleep for logging .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  sleep   sparks
truth:  sleep   number

test:  create the specified python application .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   authorizes
truth:  creates   command

test:  join a sequence of urls into a list of urls for inclusion in the same way as that are correctly .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  joins   tracks
truth:  joins   urls

test:  returns true iff the given field has a unique sentiment .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  some making the boot between the least one and the other second .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  function   fileformat
truth:  function   self

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix cosine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  like node .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  uninstall a installer .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  remove   init
truth:  remove   modules

test:  returns the coefficient of the distance for the specified axis .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  tests   contructs
truth:  tests   sample

test:  returns a slug that will be used for the given language .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  removes   authenticated
truth:  removes   everything

test:  generate iso data .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  given   homebrew_packages
truth:  given   structure

test:  use a file/addon if we will resize access .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  update   flow
truth:  update   fields

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   backs
truth:  returns   mean

test:  test a dot product of value .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the first root of the service root for the given service .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  get the number of available hardware objects .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  check for diffs among the error line note: the logs is shown and the nicely contained in the document that was found .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  logs   capturing
truth:  logs   error

test:  compute f**n in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  multiply   pulls
truth:  multiply   null

test:  extracts all features from csp policies .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  create a default add_dict_to_cookiejar and return a list of ssh management node for an undirected management management .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  create   chew
truth:  create   service

test:  moves all files under path .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns true or false if an upgrade is available .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   suppress
truth:  upgrade   software

test:  return a registered subclass of linecollection .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  context manager to temporarily disable the temporary directory .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   extract
truth:  context   version

test:  return a pair for a pair of numbers .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  return true if the s3addpersonwidget2 should have any requirements folder .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   carry
truth:  check   test

test:  returns the amount of strings which matches like a structure .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  escapes the given value for use in a url .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   bench
truth:  marks   value

test:  return a list of all available packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  return   simplifies
truth:  return   packages

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   knapsack
truth:  does   request

test:  validate the problem with a given problem .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  have   simulating
truth:  have   input

test:  determine whether shuffler for the duration matches the provided s3 .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   copies
truth:  list   clusters

test:  wraps a method with a new-style method .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  creates   looking
truth:  creates   operator

test:  mock tab .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  mocks   pulls
truth:  mocks   null

test:  return html matches for html .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  validate that pack pack name is valid .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   stores
truth:  validate   name

test:  add a type for the given type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   presents
truth:  add   mapping

test:  create and write a text file .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  send deete into table into hopefully table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  returns a list of reset sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  repeat calls to func with arguments .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  return a mailchimp that may be on the mailchimp given by the place .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  initializes   trivial
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  calculate the size of a rubies plot .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  returns the real tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  creates   configured
truth:  creates   tree

test:  install mobsf for mobsf .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  add a schema for each nid in a method .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  format a list of message sizes for use in a list response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  convert a value to a flat state note: otherwise return value is used .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  guess   currents
truth:  guess   state

test:  regression test for #1760 ensures that the pyephem gets called in time .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  return the current message data in the video api .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  translates field to a python data structure .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  deserialize   extract
truth:  deserialize   version

test:  returns the given character hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  execute the salt module .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  publish   customized
truth:  publish   salt

test:  takes a dictionary and uses it to create a new project .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  create a new project_registered for the given setup .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  decorator to mark a function as not a decorator for retrying .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  helps   pulls
truth:  helps   null

test:  clears given limit from the site .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  remove   cause
truth:  remove   option

test:  simple wrapper for clearing an assert that allows the standalone method to modify the expected list of times .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return a unicode string from an iterator of x .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  hsg the busy paths of a filesystem .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  resolve   igor
truth:  resolve   device

test:  iterate over all lines of a text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   flask
truth:  calls   times

test:  a factory to wrap a user to a given violation .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wraps a class .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  dumps   decide
truth:  dumps   groups

test:  use this validator that *recurse* a small method to invoke strings .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  create the command line options for this script to read the options manager .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   promotes
truth:  creates   argumentparser

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  this returns a private key within a private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  pulls   confirmed
truth:  pulls   length

test:  returns the maximum distance between any non-singleton linkage .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  delete users cli example: .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   embedded
truth:  delete   example

test:  get the dhcp hosts for a host .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  decorator for running thread management .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  generic moving function in the blocked of filesystem .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  extract   knapsack
truth:  extract   request

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   consisting
truth:  test   link

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  decorator to ensure that its possible to pass the current response to an api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  registers   reported
truth:  registers   function

test:  evaluate a internationalized equation to the preview of a preview expression .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  computes   bench
truth:  computes   value

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   safe_octal
truth:  cleanup   class

test:  returns true if lock can be used .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  lock   enhanced
truth:  lock   object

test:  returns a list of all tuples that correspond to ols .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  converts a list of bytes or a string of bytes or a list of bytes to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   hover
truth:  converts   bytes

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  this is a helper function that takes a set of ellipse and standard deviation for the matplotlib .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  execute a command and read the output as yaml .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   pulls
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a list of integer entries to an integer .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  converts   quoting
truth:  converts   comma

test:  return a random text string of a given encoding .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  takes   supported
truth:  takes   paragraph

test:  replace computes values with a newline .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  returns the quota preferred time .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the list of words from the given iterable .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  yield   enhance
truth:  yield   items

test:  compute the stacked line added to given iterable of taxes .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  stack   normalise
truth:  stack   taxes

test:  run a command and return its filename if it exists .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  walk   local_rvs
truth:  walk   addons

test:  tests the serialization list can be set .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  ensure   constrained
truth:  ensure   functions

test:  deletes a queued .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   unleash
truth:  deletes   store

test:  test the setting of disregard .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   bench
truth:  test   value

test:  updates key and search index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   regressiont
truth:  updates   index

test:  compute singular values for a given array .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  parse the ruby tree .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   tear
truth:  build   module

test:  returns task data that will give a task with the given id .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the number of days of days for a password .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  set   reverts
truth:  set   age

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a sigmoid input .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  add to the loop .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  convert an ast list to list for ast .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  creates   looping
truth:  creates   node

test:  this function takes the string and fetch relevant data from database .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the port number used as a string .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  coerce   bench
truth:  coerce   value

test:  returns a connected components of the graph g in g .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  merge   initalize
truth:  merge   k

test:  yields pairs of the udivisors sequence expansion of the integer n .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  change random chars of the string to upper case .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  change   block
truth:  change   chars

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   turn
truth:  test   case

test:  return a function to compute unique usage of a sequence parameters x : sequence array .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  creates an html fragment for the given feed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a dictionary of distance zones .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  return   reads
truth:  return   metrics

test:  helper opengl configuration variables .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  print out raw json output and kwargs .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  output   protects
truth:  output   args

test:  create a private ip for a linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   containing
truth:  creates   ip

test:  test distance from python model creation .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   pushing
truth:  test   model

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  return information on open ports and states .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  basic indexing with optional value pair .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  =   pulls
truth:  =   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  clears the cache for given user .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  clear   allocate
truth:  clear   user

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  split a list into two sets .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  split   borrowed
truth:  split   instances

test:  tests that the in-db error is improved correctly .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  try   imdb
truth:  try   store_fs

test:  get paths by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   uncheck
truth:  get   element

test:  returns all registered name and name that are present in api .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  recursively copy the source files from the target .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  parses a handle containing records in a iterable of values .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  parses   restoring
truth:  parses   data

test:  yaml: least publish trend reports with build .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  pulls   fake
truth:  pulls   load

test:  delete a new workflow .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  convert v into a pure complex integer .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  validate the configuration .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   forbid
truth:  validates   options

test:  tests that acronyms performs one give of the item in genextreme .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  compute the harmonic mean of the values of an array .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  compute   offset
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   uncheck
truth:  add   element

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  get a console console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   ordered
truth:  get   console

test:  check if the labels decomposition of the polar labels is different at least one polar without clusterer but different initialization solution .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parabolic cylinder functions dn(z) and derivatives .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  reset password page .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  password   exit
truth:  password   handling

test:  convert a clip array to rgb .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  python friendly version of url .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  find a hyperion reload table .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  retrieves the first interface of the tagging interface and return a list of active addresses .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  generates   advised
truth:  generates   commands

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   repeat
truth:  inplace   scaling

test:  does the database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  parse   talk
truth:  parse   packet

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  renders the certificate template that uses the custom certificate template to be rendered in the .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  picks   derive
truth:  picks   templates

test:  generator that returns an iterator of the elements of a sequence .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  yield   flashes
truth:  yield   characters

test:  make verbose .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  convert   aliased
truth:  convert   json

test:  returns all randomsymbols within random expression .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  given   sums
truth:  given   expression

test:  return a list of eventrenderers from available itemservicing .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  creates a new consumers of a topic with the given prefix .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  copies the file system on the partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  resizes   sparks
truth:  resizes   number

test:  compute nth moment moments for a given eps .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of files that belong to the given package .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  try   lambda
truth:  try   django

test:  perform the measurement info on an eeg repository .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  set   socket
truth:  set   projection

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  provide   flip
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  return a value that can be used as a background pipeline .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  returns true if *obj* is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  return a list of 'models' and merge them .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   signal
truth:  returns   datasets

test:  combine zero or more games into one big player sequence containing just the methods of the target sequence .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   switch
truth:  combines   list

test:  return a set of current chip sensor cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  gather   restoring
truth:  gather   data

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   cutting
truth:  get   writer

test:  return the path without the first element of the url .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  returns   msg
truth:  returns   component

test:  list the metric available for all pages .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  place the generic monitor over the specific web page .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  pulls   supplied
truth:  pulls   api

test:  moving average convergence/divergence fix 12/26 .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  return a trivial connection object for the given connection .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  install   skips
truth:  install   connections

test:  find all example workflows .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  test the temporarily code for vispy .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  return the list of available tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   building
truth:  return   tag

test:  print a single color for the given color .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  prints   randomise
truth:  prints   message

test:  remove the old data to clean up the system .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   restoring
truth:  removes   data

test:  return a service name .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  display   stores
truth:  display   name

test:  return the full path to a binary file by name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  returns a boolean value based on the configuration .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the python documentation directory .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the current timezone .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  return   offer
truth:  return   queryset

test:  set current boot device override information .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   igor
truth:  set   device

test:  return the local dsym file .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   defines
truth:  retrieve   attributes

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  test indexing of label colors .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  test   step
truth:  test   names

test:  execute a single log handler for commands and execute the results of a specific delayed .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  find visible nodes .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  calculates   allows
truth:  calculates   subprocess

test:  extract json serialized json schema from body .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  extract   expect
truth:  extract   body

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  returns   setup
truth:  returns   equivalent

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  get the first rotation angle values .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   docfield
truth:  return   angle

test:  decode and decode a cookie value into a cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   modbus
truth:  decodes   cookie

test:  calculate any untrusted objects this function takes a bunch of objects like saving and returns a byte string representing the data structure .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns whether the given string is text .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  filters element items in a sequence with matching name .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  filters   enhance
truth:  filters   items

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compile the ir function differential in the given differential .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   reported
truth:  compile   function

test:  return a function that can be used for a partition .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  generate a link to a list of pairs .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save a package in the context .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  convenience function for removing existing file modification .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  handler for adding the customer to the user .
truth: update request . 
test:  update   knapsack
truth:  update   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   designates
truth:  get   matrixsvg

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  extract a configuration file and jmx for an http option .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  extract   exclude
truth:  extract   discovery

test:  gets a fake python blob from the api blob .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  gets   encapsulate
truth:  gets   instance

test:  decorator to check policy corresponding to an action .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post request to build the data .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   escaped
truth:  do   post

test:  get an import mesh .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  validate a provided groupby for a list of invalid fields .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  checks   switch
truth:  checks   list

test:  create a consumer object for the specified live .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the string used to bind to the backend .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  produces   takes
truth:  produces   stream

test:  ignores the url and returns the scenario for the scenario .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  go   bring
truth:  go   page

test:  convert c to c string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  write a version string to the previous version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  inserts   bench
truth:  inserts   value

test:  returns the sha1> of a hermitian sum .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  as hr for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check the status code is valid .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  checks   averaging
truth:  checks   encodings

test:  computes the truncated sum of xs .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  compute a identical segmentation .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  build a modules listed in a collection containing the result set to this module .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  build   debugging
truth:  build   dataset

test:  ensure ast can compile simple ast def .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   match
truth:  make   syntax

test:  find all customerids in the source space from a condition that expression .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  rewrite   associate
truth:  rewrite   expressions

test:  saves an image to a workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  delete   clip
truth:  delete   record

test:  checks facet if all dependency checks are present .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  perform   retrive
truth:  perform   checks

test:  find the given index .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  locate   pulls
truth:  locate   null

test:  getattr -> return str .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  open a google cloud storage file .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  opens   decimals
truth:  opens   storage

test:  returns user password for password or none .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  prompt   separates
truth:  prompt   echo

test:  get the face index of the edge index of the edge index .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenv shims using pyenv with pyenvs .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  normalize the given coordinate list to scale .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  combine two matrices from a set of column obj .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   constrained
truth:  combine   functions

test:  created against the content of responses .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   widgets
truth:  removes   responses

test:  updates all the plugins in the specified plugin .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  updates   b1
truth:  updates   translations

test:  specified specified trace message .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   order
truth:  log   traceback

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  return the population variance of data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   variance

test:  iterates over a set of snippets and lines in it format .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  parse   restoring
truth:  parse   data

test:  simplified that cx_oracle is added to watch a user when the watch messages is added to the execution .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  tests   unsets
truth:  tests   watch

test:  populates a single list of post tables .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  collect   sleep
truth:  collect   files

test:  decorator to clone a task into a task .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  report   middleware
truth:  report   clone

test:  returns the path to the static settings .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  required   imported
truth:  required   galaxy

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  decorator that calls python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  change   flattens
truth:  change   output

test:  only run on systems which default to smf .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  return the path for extension .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  append   define
truth:  append   path

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   unescapes
truth:  add   rule

test:  return the internal tag name for a tag .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  given   search
truth:  given   d

test:  returns a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  format   matching
truth:  format   timedelta

test:  creates a consumers .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   pts
truth:  create   rpc

test:  return the migration of a given module .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  import   labeled
truth:  import   file

test:  convert a system matrix to the scalar system .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  require several rpm packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   simplifies
truth:  require   packages

test:  returns token for a user for the specified user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  generate   scop
truth:  generate   token

test:  returns the value of all the rules in the given css file .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  find   verifying
truth:  find   face

test:  return a set of permissions for a given string of permissions .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get the context of the device cli example: .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  returns an array of 2-d values .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  drops sandwich is either from theano to transport .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   making
truth:  verify   float

test:  wait until the given message has been logged via the qutebrowser .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  wait   byte
truth:  wait   statusbar

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  displays the password page .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   acquiring
truth:  compute   bessel

test:  raise an error if there is a collection of spectral *name* .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  check   exhaust
truth:  check   conversion

test:  return gettext function object from pantsrefs .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  return   saves
truth:  return   links

test:  get the child of a child .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   emitting
truth:  get   character

test:  returns the longest id of the longest given string .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  chooses   tz_localize
truth:  chooses   seq

test:  get a relative version of a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  given   ip
truth:  given   paths

test:  return the search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with queues on the model .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  return a list of supported string .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the psaux representation of the given pattern .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  retrieve   tile
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  returns a list of all the zen editor for a particular unit .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  return a xdg configuration directory for a given directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  check   maps
truth:  check   locations

test:  calculate the highest fibonacci that created the test time .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  creates a dict |env| that matches the given dict .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  accepts   step
truth:  accepts   names

test:  test histogram of squares .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   organize
truth:  test   histogram

test:  decorator to make sure that we are running contexts .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   restructure
truth:  test   tmpdir

test:  only load if the mysql server is available .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  return the forget policy .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  setup the demo covers .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  renders all the number of times the action .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  renders   switch
truth:  renders   list

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  using a invalid value as invalid output of a valid literal .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   teardown
truth:  test   type

test:  create a context factory that validates amp amp to a specific server .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   link
truth:  create   factory

test:  returns the path to the rely .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  exit on an event .
truth: force exit . 
test:  force   extended
truth:  force   exit

test:  create an iis application pool .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   flattens
truth:  decode   output

test:  install a previously installed plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   identifies
truth:  install   plugin

test:  sends a process to the process of its peer .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  use   reported
truth:  use   function

test:  return the ssh ssh ssh server or english if there are no hosts found in the default .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  get the loops going round .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns the revision between the given revision .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  returns   capitalizes
truth:  returns   revision

test:  returns a wsgi response based on an error .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  pulls   roundrobin
truth:  pulls   application

test:  serialize all the actions and use the given form .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  replace expressions per ascii character references .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  return   serialize
truth:  return   str

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  dispatches user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  called with the current text that the user is logged in within it .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  reports   support
truth:  reports   time

test:  returns the hostmask match between a wiki mask .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  return   opened
truth:  return   re

test:  start the plugin .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  take the xml text in one lxml for all the three details for the problem .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  edits   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  edits   problem

test:  return a formatted format string from a given format .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  returns an iterator over all requirement that are dynamically applied to location .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   ip
truth:  yield   paths

test:  display the initial version of the database .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  starting   extract
truth:  starting   version

test:  return full path to the given theme .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   profile
truth:  return   theme

test:  return the state of a container name container name or id if true .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   currents
truth:  returns   state

test:  returns the full path to the yaml file for the provided app_name .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns a list of urls .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns the argument after the task starts with the argument .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  allow   pulls
truth:  allow   null

test:  compute histogram of histogram of y and low in bins .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  returns the path to the servicetester build .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  return a logger with the specified name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   logger

test:  return a javascript map for the given name .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  create an schedule url for this year .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  replace the state of a dataset .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  prepares   wanted
truth:  prepares   filename

test:  return the first column of the restack function .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  adds the each row of target to another node .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  skip decorated test if test decorator is in use .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  serialize python input to a given input and return its output .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  configure   restoring
truth:  configure   data

test:  return a elementwise pipeline from a request .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  used to compile a device for a different sampling .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   pulls
truth:  compile   null

test:  returns a role with the specified name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  transform text to html .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  test the in debug mode .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   tweaked
truth:  test   bundle

test:  describe the details of the specified volume .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  describe   aligns
truth:  describe   volume

test:  check if http status code is client error .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  check   batch
truth:  check   code

test:  mounted the *any* on the determinant of a line .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  usage: locattr locattr locattr works like self .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  start the assets server .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  remove all the currently installed targets .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  defines and return the test dbnames .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  preload   pulls
truth:  preload   null

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid region .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  create the full path to a resource of the specified package .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   define
truth:  create   path

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   reject
truth:  -   neutron

test:  tweak the modules cache for all modules .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  set   created
truth:  set   mode

test:  verify that the image can be present for this glob image .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  string representation of a string .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  fetches a new disk output for the specified host .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  queries   tracks
truth:  queries   urls

test:  assign the given parent node to a specific node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  return   fetches
truth:  return   parent

test:  convert bufsize into a tuple instance .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  function used to simplify a rule using a given expression .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   dictionary
truth:  apply   condition

test:  create a new kind of target keys .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  nested   pulls
truth:  nested   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  returns true if the secret matches the given secret .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  verifies   listen
truth:  verifies   key

test:  create integral for custom format: .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  calculate   examines
truth:  calculate   peak

test:  return the request object .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  return   assume
truth:  return   header

test:  try to determine the current system users username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  returns a list of user objects .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   eliminates
truth:  make   elements

test:  convert string to an c{int} .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return all the file handles into the namespaces .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  rewrite   saves
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  parses complex table from qingcloud .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  crop image in the aspect ratio .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  converts a file to disk .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  applies   pulls
truth:  applies   null

test:  return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a folder parameters a : string hostname of the vms on this hyper cli example: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  replace local variables with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  compare two lists of requeststate .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   shutdown
truth:  stack   tables

test:  return the members for a group cli example: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  replaces   rising
truth:  replaces   group

test:  returns the ith order of two dimensional diff of finite x0 .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  calculates   print
truth:  calculates   approximation

test:  return a string with an actual blocks of the given blocks .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  pulls   morphing
truth:  pulls   pprint

test:  convert a string argument to a unicode string .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  decode   project
truth:  decode   ascii

test:  return a string listing the current accepted version with features .
truth: available major . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make the duplicate implementation of a class .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  turn   retrieving
truth:  turn   compound

test:  use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   depends
truth:  use   def

test:  convert the output of the sequence into the sequence .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  return   break
truth:  return   operations

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  create a new orphan for the elasticsearch .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  get the thread count of a specific thread .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  gets   collects
truth:  gets   count

test:  return a time in seconds with _fixup_ins_del_tags; and limit .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  returns   account
truth:  returns   human

test:  only load the module if ipset is installed .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  runs   broadcasted
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  install   write
truth:  install   dependencies

test:  load certificate file and return a qicon .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   producing
truth:  load   certificate

test:  returns a protocol shed shed url .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  determine   inquire
truth:  determine   tool

test:  converts the string s to a union object .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  generates uniform uniform .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  change control index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  messaging   bring
truth:  messaging   page

test:  language: scenario -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   quits
truth:  pulls   ru

test:  sets session .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  set   check_string
truth:  set   hardware

test:  splits the datastore at the beginning of the datastore .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  split   failing
truth:  split   style

test:  a decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  apply a value from a db .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  recurse   saves
truth:  recurse   links

test:  update the iterator of data that begin with the given iterator start and its selected iterator .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  grab   echoes
truth:  grab   prefixes

test:  trims or xrange the contents of x as 16-bit .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  using   embeds
truth:  using   pandas

test:  parses the nn as a string meant to become fields of rendering content .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  render   presents
truth:  render   mapping

test:  tries to make a time out of the specific date .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  takes a url and returns the mask .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  sanitize   access
truth:  sanitize   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  shrink cache rows from a cache dict parameters m : pd .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  make   assigned
truth:  make   room

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  submits a task to generate a csv file containing the executive summary header .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test two instances from a global connection .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  returns the extent of the phrase containing the head and end .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   redraw
truth:  returns   begin

test:  alf_explicit_auths -> r^1 notes into linear pair with respect to 1 .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  converts string into a python list .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return the expression in which the finder the finder payload is true .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  download an s3 object to a file .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  registers the given log policy .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  injects   hits
truth:  injects   filter

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a dict of all available vms on this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   squared
truth:  retrieve   vms

test:  get a hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a function call .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  removes local dict from the local to the :class:filemovedevent .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a new involved binding .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a byte string corresponding to the leading bytes of a file .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  finds   sparks
truth:  finds   number

test:  change the printed timeout of the action to the next page .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  context   shed
truth:  context   exception

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to postgresql for postgresql .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  copy a file to the specified file .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  test that show_all_categories forces plugin to return all visible categories .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  infer a helper function for the given type with the given depth .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   teardown
truth:  infer   type

test:  returns either the key to be passed as a relative type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  expand   stores
truth:  expand   name

test:  recursively test for imports .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  returns a list of absolute paths to be used for #include .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  get   unquoting
truth:  get   environment

test:  gets a default pathext .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  returns   optparse
truth:  returns   extensions

test:  ensure that hyphens get translated to underscores during mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   disallow
truth:  ensure   identifiers

test:  a pickleable wrapper around the alpha to the provided scheme .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  parse   tile
truth:  parse   information

test:  only work on solaris based systems which default to openrc .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  returns the least significant significant of a number of bits .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  estimate   support
truth:  estimate   time

test:  create a continuous random variable with a log-normal distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  return the number of snapshots of the given snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise softsign .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  validate the given instance .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  fire   dumps
truth:  fire   signal

test:  helper method to get a unnecessary sample size for fields .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  display the login form .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  returns the second conductance cut for a set of nodes .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  encode a base64 encoded string into base64 format .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  returns the correlation between x and vectors .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  project   cleaning
truth:  project   matrix

test:  delete a sql session .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  is   setup
truth:  is   equivalent

test:  return the windows command on win32 platforms .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  determine   img
truth:  determine   compiler

test:  unary_expression : unary_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a cluster components into a indices .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  create a continuous initializer for an input tensor or app_label .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   exhausts
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  returns a list of tuples of audio lengths .
truth: given an index . 
test:  given   regressiont
truth:  given   index

test:  show a information of a user .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  trial multiplication algorithm for computing the discrete discrete fourier transform .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  compute   xyz
truth:  compute   logarithm

test:  discretize model by integrating numerically the center of the dataset .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that a gemset present in the specified ruby the ruby name is present .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a wsgi aggregates .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return an active document for the current date .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  class decorator for click click implementations .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  purge options for each hard tables .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  true if the user should be written to the given log .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  convert a strings to a and b .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  transform   gets
truth:  transform   prototype

test:  computes the distance between x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the number of sequences used to check the disk size .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return accidentally view .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  serve   bring
truth:  serve   page

test:  returns the number of all the file info in a package .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  split *exactly* given object and pkg/typename string .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  ensure that the cache root exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   intialize
truth:  ensure   root

test:  replace -> value return the copy of data with respect to data in the expression .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  replaces   increase
truth:  replaces   nodes

test:  get the argparse parser to use the modbus parser .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns a human-readable notebook as a string .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  a view that can be used to get a post from a csrf proper aes .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  run disk .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  call   instantiate
truth:  call   arguments

test:  returns a permission name of the passed user .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a a list of reserved strings indicating that match reserved against the specified reserved .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  find all findfile .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  try   labeled
truth:  try   file

test:  displays msg to stderr nicer .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  return true if the given exception node is used as a decorator which takes the given exception node .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  determine   teardown
truth:  determine   type

test:  atomically filter filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  default   hits
truth:  default   filter

test:  calculate the loss between a ops and a ops .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  define   negotiate
truth:  define   loss

test:  send analytics event .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  log   fitnesse
truth:  log   events

test:  open telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  open   sleep
truth:  open   files

test:  return a list of all the |mapping| classes .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  split and validate multiple lines into array of values .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   replaces
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a $a$1:$b$1 absolute range string .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   highlight
truth:  convert   row

test:  return path relative to $bindir .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  like input .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  get   simulating
truth:  get   input

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  if input is added .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  put   overrides
truth:  put   channel

test:  calculate the nti group group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  bing a google api to the geoexplorer layout .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  embedded   access
truth:  embedded   url

test:  wait until the mathjax has loaded on the page .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   pulls
truth:  wait   null

test:  set add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove the activities at the given feed level from the feed used in the list of feed .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   testlist_multi
truth:  remove   activities

test:  only load this module if the mysql libraries exist .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  requires   pulls
truth:  requires   null

test:  perform label on the region graph g .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  assign   linkify
truth:  assign   integer

test:  return the currently set to the proxy minion id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  provides   linkify
truth:  provides   integer

test:  turn an example nested dictionary of results into a flat dict and a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  slugify a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  get the geometry path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  parse /etc/hostname and return contents of the following: .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  parses a table of xml file into a single concatenated string .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parses   autoencoder
truth:  parses   xml

test:  generates a random k-out circuit for the impressions k_n .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  return   deduces
truth:  return   circuit

test:  create a table for a given table .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  create a snapshot of a given template id .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   deflate
truth:  builds   config

test:  write a new pack object to the given object .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   enhanced
truth:  write   object

test:  make sure tshark is operational to be used for all modules .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  list all packages installed on the system .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  translates a snapshot into the exception for the snapshot .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  transforms   shed
truth:  transforms   exception

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   forwards
truth:  embed   image

test:  the named tuple for a given client .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  migrate   bounds
truth:  migrate   table

test:  return selected slices of an array along given axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  takes   restrict
truth:  takes   array

test:  get trackinfo list of all its track names from a list of absolute modules .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  given a provider and a list of inventory .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  removes a group from a domain or project .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  for each face .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  build   install
truth:  build   response

test:  return info on an image cli example: .
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   forwards
truth:  import   image

test:  set and retrieve the value of self .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured localzone .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  compares the value of environment value in the make .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  extract   partitioning
truth:  extract   v

test:  send email to the given event .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  test for series of tf-mxne .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   pulls
truth:  collect   null

test:  add a callback for use in the threading .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   pick
truth:  adds   callback

test:  drip handler for the service .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  pulls   searches
truth:  pulls   duration

test:  destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   slices
truth:  destroy   attachment

test:  returns failure and changes is changes on the given immediately .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   represent
truth:  returns   failure

test:  return an rotation by rotation .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  rotate   indicating
truth:  rotate   images

test:  make a web page with the page to use for the user .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  return   cifs
truth:  return   httpresponseredirect

test:  a context manager to set the place on a specific set of exceptions that temporarily replace the feed .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  shortcut   constructs
truth:  shortcut   lock

test:  returns the number of random authentication token in the ip addresses .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  convert a portion of the files mode to a socket object .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  convert   created
truth:  convert   mode

test:  convert a dict of items into a list of dicts .
truth: like repr . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  find a channel based on the tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   building
truth:  find   tag

test:  registers a sql filter in the original metadata .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  called after a server is complete .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  pulls   ask
truth:  pulls   demo

test:  clears all alarms .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  clear   rescales
truth:  clear   event

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  parse registering options and returns the format serialization .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  parse   caused
truth:  parse   return

test:  return the pathname object for a file given a node .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compile   labeled
truth:  compile   file

test:  export an svn file or directory .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  create   analyze
truth:  create   copy

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   rising
truth:  returns   group

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped key : string vm to be targeted key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   hostname
truth:  start   vm

test:  fetch an image by name .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  grab   forwards
truth:  grab   image

test:  validate that a document is a bson .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  validate   located
truth:  validate   method

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return the dbref iso 8601 error .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  forms   pulls
truth:  forms   null

test:  return for a trivial polynomial in poly .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  set a temporary backend name .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  set   fold
truth:  set   backend

test:  compute the maximum of the matrix from a distance matrix .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  find   reshow
truth:  find   alpha

test:  change the pdf server of an http header .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  pulls   strip
truth:  pulls   notify

test:  returns a 410 gone error .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   capturing
truth:  returns   error

test:  write nested vector to applet applet methods .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   autoreleased
truth:  write   types

test:  returns the default standard error .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  pulls   checkout
truth:  pulls   way

test:  return image after stretching or shrinking its ready to prepare .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  converts   forwards
truth:  converts   image

test:  return the value of the first kind of a sequence .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  return   constrained
truth:  return   functions

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  pulls   mocked
truth:  pulls   runner

test:  a view that asserts that the node contains a parsed ['get'] .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  like hex but writes into a string .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  pulls   scales
truth:  pulls   prints

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  pulls   traverse
truth:  pulls   cert

test:  create new l{iopump} from the origin operation .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   colored
truth:  start   operation

test:  returns the normalized cut size and query for a query .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  convert the value into a positive integer .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  delete an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   whiten
truth:  delete   computenode

test:  return a provider .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  check if the given depth should be ignored .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  return a monotonically increasing integer and a provided filename if the serial file is specified .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  return an ast from a serial .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  combines   prepopulates
truth:  combines   bits

test:  parses the given python object from the json text .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  converts   dst
truth:  converts   c

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  generate an read or lock file and return its length .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a person person that was called from the various external application .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   sparks
truth:  generate   number

test:  check if a file is sane .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  given a gaussian image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  yield   means
truth:  yield   gaussian

test:  prints out the given string .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  create a convergence status fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  create   point
truth:  create   status

test:  for a given node .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  constructs   access
truth:  constructs   url

test:  returns the maximum number of seconds that are in the given p .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the url to use for a course using the given course .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  authenticate using the template context .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   reported
truth:  sampling   function

test:  ensure the upgrade metadata is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   restart
truth:  check   account

test:  get the complex path .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a decorator that syncs the decorated class to make an instance of the superclass class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to check if access and sock are available .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash function .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   flip
truth:  use   python

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  remove a given package .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  yaml: env-file set the game file for the build .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  returns the date of the date a datetime .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  parse the arguments and return a new instance of a batch-file .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  retrieve   existing
truth:  retrieve   ticket

test:  convert string to a panel value .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  converts   restoring
truth:  converts   data

test:  imports the given file .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the path for the migrate repository .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  this cache logs out all of the data .
truth: cache management . 
test:  cache   implementing
truth:  cache   management

test:  get a path from the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  merges all the sequences into a list of init .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  merge   draw
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns used to get used images from a order: file .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  this generator iterates over a set of integer data .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  interpolated   pulls
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  logfile logfile logfile logfile logfile to between heuristics and pkg_resources as the rotation in strings are returned .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  return namespace or quoted or the namespace with tag or raises an exception when no longer found .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  for routines that return a coordinate sequence .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  coordinate   break
truth:  coordinate   operations

test:  look through the buckets cache file and return a dict of files which are not curerntly to be returned .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  returns an instance of a directory for the specified file .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  creates the grant from the specified adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert between translation and date2 .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   memoizes
truth:  shows   plot

test:  fake implementation of thread .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  if the user has a title of title and initialize a title .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  function   interfacing
truth:  function   axes

test:  test reading and writing of head information .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  callback for change of the logging loglevel .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   reported
truth:  callback   function

test:  parse a string representation of yaml and return the value .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  takes   shared
truth:  takes   string

test:  add a value to the lists .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  return true if trigs is trigs .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  mask   exposes
truth:  mask   values

test:  allow turning deduping deduping hosts to be supposed .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  use   scramble
truth:  use   @roles

test:  compute nth derivative of v .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   filesize
truth:  compute   derivative

test:  returns the pointer checksum of a sequence of data .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  return lhost function for writing .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   search
truth:  compute   d

test:  find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  validates value of a given option or a string to be used as integer .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   decreases
truth:  parse   documents

test:  returns a query with itertools .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  return the list of ips of the nameservers .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  test that start with a bad column header vs .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  header   stored
truth:  header   #

test:  function to convert the data returned by the optional hemisphere into a datetime .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   gauss
truth:  convert   strings

test:  return true if the size is equal to a size or 0 .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  filter   analyzes
truth:  filter   size

test:  create the authentication event .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  let   format_alignment
truth:  let   authentication

test:  generate a random usernames of the given usernames .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  yield   outline
truth:  yield   hex

test:  return the kroneckerdelta kroneckerdelta for a rational expression parameters expr : expr containing randomsymbols the expression of expr .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  finds   reported
truth:  finds   function

test:  return a list of bad value which can be iterated .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  outline a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  limit   supports
truth:  limit   text

test:  remove repeating from module if it exists .
truth: given task name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  redefine this fixture to change the celery logging .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  start the notification notification server .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  determine if a file is an executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  returns   initializes
truth:  returns   program

test:  used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  register a function or check class as a policy check .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  return the absolute path of a path .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  get all templates in a given folder .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   derive
truth:  fetch   templates

test:  return a list of available hashing .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  return the current site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  returns   handles
truth:  returns   site

test:  compares two dictionaries .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  split object id list into two list of commits sha1s and tag sha1s .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  get time series and return axes or the given axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  copy files in the given folder to the destination directory .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   sanitize
truth:  copy   libraries

test:  volunteer cluster controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  clusters   touch
truth:  clusters   controller

test:  helper function to check if a machine exists in the n-dimensional account .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  change the password from the network device .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  changes   terminate
truth:  changes   password

test:  open a command with a specified name .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a testsuite that has all tests found in the given suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   carry
truth:  returns   test

test:  allow only set of objects to be enabled .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  return the list of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   signal
truth:  return   datasets

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a tuple of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   publish
truth:  turns   graph

test:  returns the position of the position of a set of int .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  returns   position

test:  quote a string for safe db .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  print   display
truth:  print   print

test:  register a new prefix for the given mapping .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  register   cleaned
truth:  register   configurations

test:  tests python types from file has python deleted .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  test   created
truth:  test   mode

test:  ensures that the named group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   rising
truth:  ensures   group

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return the current date as a timezone aware datetime .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  call   hits
truth:  call   filter

test:  returns a tuple of integers .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  finished   pulls
truth:  finished   null

test:  returns the string to cl .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return the network on which the bridge is attached .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   killed
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a server is enabled in keystone .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  check   clones
truth:  check   server

test:  checks whether user can automatic translation translation repository .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  run the score prediction on a single score .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  compute   skipping
truth:  compute   score

test:  1xn or disable a command .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  replace   assigns
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test %reset in length in length .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  lookup an encoder based on its 3 uri .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  return the number of positive composite numbers less than p .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  return the current site .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  decorator to ensure that the parent directory is in .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  definition : literal .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the settings for inclusion in the provided opt .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  imdb imdb of an uint8 timeout .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  assert   mignotte
truth:  assert   things

test:  test if reader is valid .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  embed   sharpens
truth:  embed   qt

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  computes the degree of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  create a rois flow .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  uses   suppose
truth:  uses   algorithm

test:  decorator for views that require user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  defines the target for a file .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   holding
truth:  is   policy

test:  drop drop users last argument to one of the configuration files .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  checks   utf-8
truth:  checks   argument

test:  returns true if idle is using a native os x tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  given a boot summary domain object as a list of entity entity unicode_data a string entity in the datastore .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  place an order by specified number of trading@export .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  pull shape from the list of slices of slices .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  get   overwrites
truth:  get   shape

test:  test pyopengl gl backend for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   fold
truth:  test   backend

test:  return the profile model class according to the tag component .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  get   pushing
truth:  get   model

test:  generate a random k-out line numbers that stays the same dimension as adjacency .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  place   increase
truth:  place   nodes

test:  create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the user to
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   responds
truth:  create   database

test:  remove unnecessary headers that are not in the js dict of possible headers .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  remove   stubbed
truth:  remove   headers

test:  testing the output of many scenarios .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   pulls
truth:  output   null

test:  adds a matchscorer to a search_service_pb .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  adds   formatted
truth:  adds   rate

test:  return the bench name for the given function func .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  run pep8 on system code and save it as a given shed .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  runs   notes
truth:  runs   asset

test:  release an amplification value from an equalizer equalizer .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   sluggified
truth:  get   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  delete server group(s) .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  shut   pulls
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn runn windows in windows requirement format .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  return the absolute path of the image .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return default .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  returns   contact

test:  creates a zero-filled :class:cupy .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   safe_octal
truth:  creates   class

test:  generate beautifulsoup ast for slave_fd jndi .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  mutate   pulls
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get redis pattern .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  return the first active provider or vm that is one that is alive .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  test whether an actual object is a readable .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return a new line of fastq containing the output .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  makes   assume
truth:  makes   header

test:  generate a random string with random seed :return: a random string only composed by rand .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  retrieve the devices from the tracker .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  retrieves   inserting
truth:  retrieves   calendar

test:  return the inverse of an inverse integer .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  redirects to the user and redirects it page .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  aborts   uploading
truth:  aborts   job

test:  convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  like concise but for djangos staleness .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  return   query
truth:  return   position

test:  sets up the test suite .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  has   checkout
truth:  has   way

test:  return the value of an input variable without copy .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  pulls   simplifying
truth:  pulls   range

test:  read the content of a file .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   batch
truth:  read   code

test:  distance metric to file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  converts   quotes
truth:  converts   map

test:  compute the trimmed mean for the given axis .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  compute   echo
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  unset the flavor extra spec keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   simulate
truth:  unset   spec

test:  return true if the given context is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  return the indices of non-zero elements of an array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  return   sparsedataset
truth:  return   indices

test:  split a combined combined either a string or a tuple of to the ith .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   export
truth:  split   tuple

test:  find the nearest gamma of distributions .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  estimate   offset
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  uninstall a python package .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   map
truth:  uninstall   implementation

test:  pack arg into a list .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  pack   switch
truth:  pack   list

test:  python manage .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns data for given module .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  compute   expanding
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   stores
truth:  escape   name

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return the about all about the about the about the current user .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns group(1) dependencies of css dependencies .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  returns   write
truth:  returns   dependencies

test:  wrap an iterable over the objects in a set of possible .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check if the provided output contains uncommitted .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  returns   whitelisted
truth:  returns   repo

test:  log and raise an error with a logical formatted message .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   capturing
truth:  log   error

test:  is path outside base? .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  does   labeled
truth:  does   file

test:  deletes a single exploration .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   coordinates
truth:  deletes   exploration

test:  return a column in a column string .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  return   standardizes
truth:  return   byte

test:  returns true if the file has read the file currently read the last line from the file .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  hashed that a plaintext password matches hashed .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  parses a content string and returns the parsed config .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  parses the xml token .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  recursively copy a source files and source files .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  used   customized
truth:  used   salt

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   pulls
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  test that an invalid path does not start with invalid executable .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  exit   pulls
truth:  exit   null

test:  trained types: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  converts a creation sequence with the form of the passed in sequence .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  field_seq : enum_item sep enum_seq | const enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot the distance of a simple plot or a new figure .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  create the middle line into log file .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  write   small_stmts
truth:  write   line

test:  create a collection of hosts from user .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  reserve   allocate
truth:  reserve   user

test:  format static file using django .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return the special rss url for given rss .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  uses a tornado http client to async version .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  uses   barcodes
truth:  uses   http

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  build ngram position of a list .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  function   query
truth:  function   position

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  perspective view .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  will serve the file object .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  serve   sleep
truth:  serve   files

test:  retrieves sort keys/directions parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  retrieves   review
truth:  retrieves   keys

test:  ensure that the parent argument list is correctly .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the running commands in the modjk load balancer cli examples: .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  get   deflate
truth:  get   config

test:  delete an options from a elasticsearch .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  merge many keys in a dask .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  returns the module object for the given strong or none if it doesnt exist .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  retrieve   encapsulate
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  group a function used to group instances of a sympy expression .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  dictionary   default
truth:  dictionary   part

test:  return the ip address of the array for each host .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  override   rendering
truth:  override   routines

test:  return a dict from config whether it is a dict .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  provision a user .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  which binary domain to have a binary specification .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  private method used to compute the device extents the difference between the matrix-vector stream is the number of days available .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  convert a datetime value to the number of seconds since the epoch .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  convert   datetimes
truth:  convert   epoch

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for instead of the used .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   safe_octal
truth:  sets   class

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   protects
truth:  log   args

test:  run the admin site .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  start   clones
truth:  start   server

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   sleep
truth:  list   files

test:  compute cross-talk functions for a simple cluster .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   querying
truth:  perform   actions

test:  compute nth derivative of f .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   roots

test:  create a call to wrap state without changing it .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  define a l1loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   pulls
truth:  define   null

test:  return a package version or an empty package available for upgrade or installation options: as a string .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  verifies that certificate is valid and can be valid for the certificate to be a tuple that is valid for the certificate .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  verify   producing
truth:  verify   certificate

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   supports
truth:  convert   text

test:  insert the provided paths and update the filesystem .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   sleep
truth:  add   files

test:  creates a new query for a matrix .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   redirecting
truth:  make   entity

test:  effect size for a string .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draws   regressiont
truth:  draws   index

test:  retrieves the amount of individual added for a given offset .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   decorating
truth:  get   log

test:  return a list of tuples and reachable difference between the elements .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  determines   reinitialize
truth:  determines   subset

test:  if url is in a url .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  pulls   expose
truth:  pulls   credentials

test:  determine when the options is valid .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  check if the ip making an ip address is inside the cidr address .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  validate   based
truth:  validate   address

test:  read tag data from file and return as json .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test creating a python column within a given annotate .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  test   labels
truth:  test   transform

test:  return the volume tag of a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  retrieve   building
truth:  retrieve   tag

test:  return the database record in the database .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  retrieves   clip
truth:  retrieves   record

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  add   cause
truth:  add   option

test:  return a surface structure that can load an mri mod .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  calculate   ignores
truth:  calculate   meg

test:  ensure that we are not using default .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  given a recursive element into a string .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  function   digs
truth:  function   html

test:  return dataframe month : gdp : gdp_yoy :(%) pi : pi_yoy:(%) si : si_yoy :(%) ti : ti_yoy :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  return   unzip
truth:  return   year

test:  return string with prefix if the user prefix is installed .
truth: return env . 
test:  return   accept
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  return the absolute path .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  a filter to return a list of elements in a sequence .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  sort   supports
truth:  sort   text

test:  gets profile .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  allow for an anonymous view to be logged in user .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  renders   occurring
truth:  renders   authorization

test:  returns the default fs component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   component

test:  returns true if given stream is in encoding of plugin encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  check for status information .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  help   pulls
truth:  help   null

test:  the function to be used with scenario 1 and height .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound outbox messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  deletes a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  pulls   express
truth:  pulls   -

test:  check if a named service is available at boot cli example: .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fit a coil vector based on meg coil .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  fit   offset
truth:  fit   parameters

test:  return true if the site is enabled for this site .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the list of alternatives that have passed properties .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  switch to the switch .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  attempt   gzipped
truth:  attempt   completion

test:  revoke an existing admin .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   theorem
truth:  revoke   privileges

test:  project detail view shows the available version and lets the user choose which ones he would like to have built .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   bring
truth:  project   page

test:  returns a dotted-notation for the specified field .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  make   parsefile
truth:  make   descriptor

test:  helper function to open the db .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a task that does not exist .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  fetch   redirecting
truth:  fetch   entity

test:  additive_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a random published variable .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  returns   assures
truth:  returns   none

test:  recursively compute the absolute position of a function .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  maps   configured
truth:  maps   tree

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  pulls   renders
truth:  pulls   series

test:  creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  return the number of committed in the local version .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  pulls   chown
truth:  pulls   loop

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  creates a new plugin for the given language .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  a decorator that injects a synchronous api call to sync its status .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  writes the given string to stdout .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  prints   shared
truth:  prints   string

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  convert string for place into an include_names one .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  substitute   pulls
truth:  substitute   null

test:  test to ensure hugs custom permutations type works as expected .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  tests   pipe
truth:  tests   validator

test:  get the list of available network device .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate the latest tool shed string for each section .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  collect   restoring
truth:  collect   data

test:  convert an uniform resource uri to a os specific path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  check if the system version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  check   crack
truth:  check   _

test:  assert that the permission_types snippet to analysis are within the same .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  test covariance matrix i/o .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   climb
truth:  test   covariance

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  list all breakpoints in the same way as a list of available breakpoints .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  read package data from hdf5 file .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  try   rising
truth:  try   group

test:  cleans up any results that are no longer found in a task .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  display a comment .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  handle   abstract_declarator_opt
truth:  handle   submission

test:  generate a list of circular adjacency value for a given matrix .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  generate description of a chunk file .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_in .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  vars matching of matching filters and returns true .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   instantiate
truth:  checks   arguments

test:  checks if two urls can be same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   form
truth:  add   side

test:  return the logarithm of a given vector .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  return the number of keys in the selected database cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  save   debugging
truth:  save   dataset

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructions .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  returns a list of topic trees that could courseware not linked to courseware .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   stops
truth:  returns   topic

test:  decorator that allocation a function with the given arguments and name .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  resolve a string value to a list of strings .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract messages from mako template files .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  replace explicit chars of pathname with spaces .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  request to have state state as a background state for a problem .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  request   currents
truth:  request   state

test:  factory function for making binary data for reflected or right .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  install an object based on an oauth2credentials object .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test installing a package with same directory .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  compares two strings using gaps .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  compare   poll
truth:  compare   versions

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  truncates   supports
truth:  truncates   text

test:  test the report report with multiclass .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  return a dict like dict .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  reverses   pulls
truth:  reverses   null

test:  validates that the specified password matches the given user id .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  hashes   terminate
truth:  hashes   password

test:  gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   stderr
truth:  gets   machine

test:  return a dict with the given state and high the name .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  returns a country calling token .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  makes sure that remove_from_figure are not in the task scheduler .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  extract the fields from file of a log file and return a list of integers .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  returns a bytestring version of s .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  adapted   lambda
truth:  adapted   django

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  remove a key from a http server .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  delete   listen
truth:  delete   key

test:  return a random strategy for the bipartite graph g .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   reverse
truth:  returns   permutation

test:  pure implementation of givens value from the range of value which can be careful .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  return timeline data based on stock ledger entry .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  return   db_next_hid
truth:  return   attendance

test:  test time period validation .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  reboot a pending system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  shutdown   grouping
truth:  shutdown   system

test:  return whether the system is supported on this system .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  is   plucks
truth:  is   window

test:  return true if the wishart-distributed of the given module and common depth matches the given depth .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  harmless each setup each test layer .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  yield   enhanced
truth:  yield   object

test:  get detailed peering connection for a vpc .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  helper function to convert a source location to a tuple of check exceptions .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  test if there is no color in the string .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  test   supports
truth:  test   text

test:  serialize a sequence of obj like a python data structure .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  serialize   restoring
truth:  serialize   data

test:  convert a bytestring to text if it is given .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  make   hover
truth:  make   bytes

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   rollbacks
truth:  decide   desktop

test:  handle the ndarray for each row in a fileupload .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  make   pushing
truth:  make   model

test:  returns all the folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  returns true if input is related to the time .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  return the linear gradient for the row of a binary image .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  return data instance for channel average using csv code .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  get   permutates
truth:  get   epochs

test:  look through the possible metadata server and return a dict of all the possible one that are found from the bucket for the bucket .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   resample
truth:  looks   directories

test:  convert a number of bits to a julian date .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  collect dask bags to a zip file .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  pulls   blink
truth:  pulls   zip

test:  given a string of time .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  return   drops
truth:  return   call

test:  test updating the meta data when cache is deactivated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  test   post_save
truth:  test   metadata

test:  helper method that makes sure a model configuration has the supplied configuration value .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  attempt   safe_octal
truth:  attempt   class

test:  return the rank of the unrank function found in m .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  gives   pulls
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a test case of css containing the underlying folders .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  need   pulls
truth:  need   null

test:  helper to check if a package present in the running target_list .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  ensures   sleep
truth:  ensures   files

test:  get all available theme names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function creates a new socket on the socket .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  receive   parsefile
truth:  receive   descriptor

test:  returns true if the user is a datetime for the current user .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return a list of meters by project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  execute a wheel async: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   correct
truth:  execute   async

test:  create a new repo of the given repo .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  get information about the files .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  run   point
truth:  run   status

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated function is called by the method of the testtools .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the path to the ith build platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  get all volumes belonging to a service .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  return true if the url is a valid scheme .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  sets the application path .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   define
truth:  sets   path

test:  converts a timestamp into a datetime .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  clean the 2d numpy array of arrays .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  reads a scenario that will initialise a cluster on the given cluster .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determines the index of a qubit .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  only load if the keystone module is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  fix the sys .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   inputhook
truth:  fix   sys

test:  this makes a test that grants no conflict conflict with the same library .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  check   lcmv
truth:  check   models

test:  fixture that simulates etreefx .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  avoid extra parameters for ok/cancel rather than callers .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  pulls   simplify
truth:  pulls   urlresolvers

test:  test if an absolute url is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  tests that the report report to be returned by the given report .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns a bridge with the output of pixels .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  determine if the provided repository is a malicious app .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  check   trailing
truth:  check   flag

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  context manager for setting the synchronize certificates to false .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a list of valid serial values as defined in media_root .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  split   pulls
truth:  split   null

test:  checks if we are running on this platform .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   map
truth:  checks   implementation

test:  require a portage package to be installed .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  deregister the regular expression for both the given class and the changes on the given compiler .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  remove   label
truth:  remove   custom

test:  use a simple network to convert a single period of least the demonstration .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  demo   created
truth:  demo   mode

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   registers
truth:  get   product

test:  executes a multiframe job on its name .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  wrap   uploading
truth:  wrap   job

test:  steps that match groups takes them as parameters .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   swallows
truth:  create   fault

test:  return the discrete log shanks shanks point; as a function .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  parse results specific to the clade model c .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  pulls   lcmv
truth:  pulls   models

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  rebuild reduction .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  get an ssh key for root to an esxi host via http put .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  retrieve   inform
truth:  retrieve   entry

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  construct an unicode representation of a python node .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  performs median/wpgmc clusters on the input x .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  translates python into the given dict for the given source file .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  rewrites   capturing
truth:  rewrites   error

test:  mount a str to contain the specified file system .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  return list of players that will sleep for each count .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a non-decorator way to verifies that the model validator is valid .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   post_save
truth:  validate   metadata

test:  use this decorator to expose actions to input a single start on the input stream .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  filter a sequence of tuples between iterator which yields at a time .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  yield   enroll
truth:  yield   iterator

test:  get the configuration object for the given file .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  query   review
truth:  query   keys

test:  return a sphere matrix that can be used to sphere coordinates .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  return argument untouched .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if powershell is already powershell .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  determine   authenticate
truth:  determine   powershell

test:  returns a few f(x) differences of the current f(x) signal handler .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  return   accepting
truth:  return   e

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  count the words in a sequence .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  adds   carve
truth:  adds   word

test:  place imports on separate lines are always equal .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   pulls
truth:  imports   null

test:  print procedure and capitalize to a layer .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  return the composite transform of a and b parameters a : theano variable returns writeme .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  build a customization options for the current operating system .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  build   stays
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  prints the usage .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  prints   compose
truth:  prints   usage

test:  return a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   shared
truth:  deserialize   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  checks the length of specific keys .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  normalizes   retrive
truth:  normalizes   checks

test:  return a fixtures: syncdb .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  run   lambda
truth:  run   django

test:  create an arma process parameters ar : array_like residual frequencies of the residual process parameters ar : array_like .
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return the name of the process .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  name   instantiate
truth:  name   arguments

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return true if a user exists in influxdb database .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  checks   fallocate
truth:  checks   admin

test:  only load the module if haproxyctl is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  executing   autoreleased
truth:  executing   types

test:  creates a form field with the given default mchoicefield .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  start a vm in digitalocean .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   stderr
truth:  start   machine

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  execute a shell command to be executed in an lvm process .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns an http response for use with the login class and to do it .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  configures   offset
truth:  configures   parameters

test:  updates last_edited_an_exploration to the current datetime for the user with given user_id .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  records   allocate
truth:  records   user

test:  reads comments from the given fobj file .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  find   dataframe
truth:  find   comments

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  create a function pointer to be used for a cffi type as a cffi .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  compatibility wrapper around process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   colorized
truth:  detach   context

test:  test installing a user using a virtualenv .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  computes the description of a python structure that has a variable .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  drop database with the new web .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  clear   responds
truth:  clear   database

test:  returns true if *obj* is of a file-like object .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  shortcut   pulls
truth:  shortcut   null

test:  dump a launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  lowess the linear regressions regressions for the linear regressions cdf .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  returns the logs usage directory .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  clear   looping
truth:  clear   node

test:  return true if checksum checksum of a sequence .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  collects a set of parameters that generated from the given graph and add a set of parameters .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  replace   offset
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set windows computer on windows .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   unpublicizes
truth:  set   description

test:  convert a long array to a column number of dimensions .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  convert   overwrites
truth:  convert   shape

test:  decode the slice into list .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decode   enhanced
truth:  decode   object

test:  given a multipart/form-data body .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  encode   flow
truth:  encode   fields

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  deconstructs   search
truth:  deconstructs   d

test:  setup the wink sensors .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  return a list of analytics and analytics .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  given   capitalizes
truth:  given   revision

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  construct a version ports with custom version header .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  test the behavior of --local format in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   been
truth:  test   format

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  save   remove
truth:  save   history

test:  return request instance .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  a context manager to temporarily disable the given request if the user is only from sys .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  change   bench
truth:  change   value

test:  restart the named service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  restrict input type to the positive integer .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  restrict   teardown
truth:  restrict   type

test:  wait to wait until a process fails .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  make   draft
truth:  make   prompt

test:  set a kernel .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  wrap   promote
truth:  wrap   warnings

test:  register a custom plugin supported on the given plugin .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   reported
truth:  register   function

test:  add domains and domains based on domains .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  registers   estimating
truth:  registers   domains

test:  adds given settings to the settings .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   solve
truth:  adds   settings

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  setup the email platform .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  it should correctly extract step steps from an unicode step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  assert that the ob object is in the browse .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  browse   utf-8
truth:  browse   argument

test:  setup the modbus binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  does the source packet to fixed orient 3 .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  check   looking
truth:  check   operator

test:  generates spherical bessel function of a polynomial in fn .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  coefficients   acquiring
truth:  coefficients   bessel

test:  returns url of auth authentication .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  try   access
truth:  try   url

test:  returns the contents of the given file .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  if there is more elements in an integer and 2 .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the oauth session object .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  return   command
truth:  return   session

test:  when provided an iterator is a binary string .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  return a bezier image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  returns the topmost column of the given line .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  change the username cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   embedded
truth:  change   example

test:  create an association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  step that always fails with a plain message .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  create a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  test if the reader reader is the same with a text .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  pulls   reset
truth:  pulls   reader

test:  convert the function f between a clip this decorator takes a clip and the result of the clip .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  pulls   evaluate
truth:  pulls   clip

test:  test that the python implementation works as expected .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  return a list of files which reside the given git path to the git checkout .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  remove a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   paging
truth:  remove   interface

test:  return a generator of response input .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  wrap   install
truth:  wrap   response

test:  return true if cart items or closed cart not closed .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  test the class for the flume cases .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  are we being iterable to look up a string .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  returns   remounts
truth:  returns   obj

test:  display a list of available locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  disconnect all the given discussion from the given discussion .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   extends
truth:  disconnect   signals

test:  return a set of words in obj .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  a function used to create a new file from a list of arrays .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  list   tells
truth:  list   vdis

test:  return the default stim of a stim .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  default   go
truth:  default   channels

test:  return the cache for the specified pillar .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  clear   restoring
truth:  clear   data

test:  add a slash to a request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   helps
truth:  add   slash

test:  make a ast for a boolean to a given file .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  compile   reconstruct
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  put   encode
truth:  put   mac

test:  check if a collection is sorted by a collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   attempt
truth:  make   extension

test:  return a piece-wise integer x with the minimum value .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  creates   ridge
truth:  creates   qcolor

test:  update a default password setting to a file using a cookiecutter configuration .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   alignment
truth:  update   section

test:  test simple error connection with a vcenter .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  test   trivial
truth:  test   connection

test:  return the total line of the file .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  convert a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   allocate
truth:  subscribes   user

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  restore   stacking
truth:  restore   grid

test:  return the interquartile when n items in an array with at least one .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  sort   map
truth:  sort   implementation

test:  register a service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   roundrobin
truth:  register   application

test:  filelink: warning on non non-existant files returns warning .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  compute the eigenvector centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  generates a one-time client for the given location and timestamp .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  computes the linear unit x between x and targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  -   sparks
truth:  -   number

test:  remove the file senderkey from the aiff .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  remove   skips
truth:  remove   connections

test:  delete a neighbour entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  delete a key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the package id for the given package name or id .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test whether a path is absolute .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test merging user to another user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  test   allocate
truth:  test   user

test:  change the group and group id to this file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  send notification event .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  deactivate   downloading
truth:  deactivate   package

test:  send email with order invoice link after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return a ancestors for a process instance .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  load the new backend configuration .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  installs   downloading
truth:  installs   package

test:  ensure we have utf-8 numbers and we dont do without spaces .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   mignotte
truth:  ensure   things

test:  ensure that we can still be set .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  ensure   invokes
truth:  ensure   works

test:  create a new autoscaler for the specified instance .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  check if user can download report for given user .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  tests   allocate
truth:  tests   user

test:  optimization -> zeros_like(x) .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this normalizes a process into a string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  process   equalize
truth:  process   email

test:  create an environment from a list of text objects .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  returns   bootstraps
truth:  returns   callable

test:  return the the inputs of the inputs as a list of dicts .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  return info on an image cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get all privs cli example: .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  create network and run checks for postgres query .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  create   preprocess
truth:  create   networks

test:  format the initial binary .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  format   encrypt
truth:  format   screen

test:  makes a miller-rabin equation for a non-singleton cluster .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  converts   cleaning
truth:  converts   matrix

test:  return the part of this process .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  decorator to execute docker client and wait for the mutlivaluedict connection .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  generic method will apply the profile to a specific time .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  determine if two quaternions are "close" than or equal to b .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  check   collecting
truth:  check   b

test:  return true if the user exists .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if path is allowed to the end of a file based on its current user .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  get the declaring type .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  initialize the global log completions .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initialize   lcmv
truth:  initialize   models

test:  add group type to the group .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get the data content .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the tls address for display .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the maximum of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  returns   variance

test:  parse a text directive and return a tuple .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parses   been
truth:  parses   format

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  ensure   rect
truth:  ensure   work

test:  generates the activation sigmoid from the defined activation to their defined by samples .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  compute   mimics
truth:  compute   activation

test:  find the given devices by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  return   lets
truth:  return   handler

test:  remove <path> or absolute path if it doesnt already exist .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   define
truth:  remove   path

test:  view to edit the group report for a report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  view   rising
truth:  view   group

test:  set the key/value pairs of the event loop to defaults .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   vms
truth:  edit   thread

test:  close connected components .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  exclude   tsv
truth:  exclude   components

test:  create pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  return the position of the karatsuba function tost: and y .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory information .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   igor
truth:  print   device

test:  return a new blockdeviceapi .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  validate   cleave
truth:  validate   providers

test:  retrieves the instance of a given object that is a java instance for the given object or a subclass .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  callback that when an mesh are added .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  transform   splitting
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate a string for translation and will translate the string for the given language .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  get notification notifications based on certain criteria .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  w/ w/ an absolute value .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  verify   summarize
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  a test of the chargeback page is that we want to have a good initial request .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  overriding a given field path to the dotted field .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  used   dtype
truth:  used   arg

test:  to use the user with the provided username .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  ask   allocate
truth:  ask   user

test:  return the memory square root algorithm for combining the sunspot len-n to z .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  expand   constrained
truth:  expand   functions

test:  get the status of a postgresql postgresql name .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  read tag tag from file and return as numpy .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns the lists of sequences of distances .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  returns   rfc
truth:  returns   distance

test:  delete images stored in the file .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  clean   assume
truth:  clean   header

test:  returns a due date based on given posting date .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  a minion that returns a list of raw modules .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  about the about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  converts a datetime to a timestamp .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  add a specific identity to region .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  value   pulls
truth:  value   null

test:  returns true if the process object has a given file or a certain file name .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns the query for a given instance .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  returns   xlsx
truth:  returns   query

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  a context manager that acquires a temporary virtualenv for the code of a given virtualenv .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  this creates a temporary db that will cause the input multi-entry to be passed in the context manager .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  fixture   emit
truth:  fixture   access

test:  create a dict of filename of symbols -> module .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  compute the log of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of courses sorted by all course that have sorted alphabetically if there is no courses .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  returns   decoding
truth:  returns   lists

test:  return the file name for the given directory .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  build a function for use in tests .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  add a value to the node .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  display   looping
truth:  display   node

test:  ensure a github user is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   allocate
truth:  ensure   user

test:  return a file containing only assembled source code for env .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  converts a function to a container .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  assures   satisfy
truth:  assures   container

test:  returns a database schema appropriate for the given frame .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   bounds
truth:  get   table

test:  parses a show flags as a list of two lists .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  parses   linkify
truth:  parses   integer

test:  dump info into enabled .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  test pass which cls_node the operators work on .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  assert   dispatch
truth:  assert   operators

test:  update email address .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  enable   unserialize
truth:  enable   integration

test:  install the output of the module .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  implement   inplace
truth:  implement   ovs

test:  configure the default address for a cloudpipe so their answers will revert .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  update   containing
truth:  update   ip

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  calculates an image for the given number of channels .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  calculates   analyzes
truth:  calculates   size

test:  get a tool shed repository record from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  resize multiple promo image .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  resize   forwards
truth:  resize   image

test:  jpeg data in jpeg format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  pulls   been
truth:  pulls   format

test:  test if a line supports issues .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup discovered wemo binary sensors .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  returns a string that is a daemon daemon for the given argument name .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  get   urlencode
truth:  get   item

test:  write the given metadata to an descriptor file descriptor .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns auth info for user .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  retrieves   tile
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  return function of named arguments given as specified in function chained .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  chained   float
truth:  chained   decorator

test:  drop out empty source file and empty dict .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  deletes   sleep
truth:  deletes   files

test:  set the providers cache with the same id as amo-validator .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  populate   responds
truth:  populate   database

test:  signal to create the user .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  create   plan
truth:  create   profile

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the native object .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  returns the individuals of the individuals that would be on the input .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  load observatory database from data .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  writes the message to the log file using the given message .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  writes   randomise
truth:  writes   message

test:  decorator to skip test if tracebackhide is false .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  cleans the header for all sff responses responses .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  clean   labeled
truth:  clean   file

test:  convenience function for registering a single and add it to a tuple of arguments .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  create   lock
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the applications base query .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  rebuilds   access
truth:  rebuilds   url

test:  create the sqlcmd config directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  frees a message .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  print   considering
truth:  print   debug

test:  map x to a 1d value of y .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  convolve   patched
truth:  convolve   y

test:  check if two hitmask of y is unique .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  check   patched
truth:  check   y

test:  remove the named file .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  recursive   activate
truth:  recursive   delete

test:  determines which modules are as a list of primary modules .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  returns true if the part of a string part looks like a restrictions: part of the part of a security part of a string .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  test that warns gives a nonexistent if the user doesnt choke .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  rolls back the system and resets the transaction management for the current transaction .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   loads
truth:  rolls   changes

test:  the value of the hermite transfer function at a time point .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  compute the nearest neighbour targets between two ndarrays .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  given   bitcast
truth:  given   boxes

test:  kill a logical process .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  blend an image .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  blend   indicating
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  return the distance between two vectors .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  write a file into a string .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   restricts
truth:  get   inset

test:  code mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  check that sparse oneclasssvm works like user defined in .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fetches the current fetch .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  validates all setup for nested resources .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  validates   demonstrates
truth:  validates   setup

test:  return a human-readable initial expression for the given object .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  return   offset
truth:  return   parameters

test:  return user copy of a user .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  setup the binary sensor platform fo enocean .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  creates or returns a list of html representing the given tag .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  take   drawing
truth:  take   tags

test:  parse the html string and return a dictionary containing the value of it .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  used   exposes
truth:  used   values

test:  returns a without what is in the first .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the page context for a given template from the template .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get the system encoding used for the application encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  encoding   pending
truth:  encoding   default

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  delete a bunch of entries for the user that coerces between the given suffix and the template context .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   referenced
truth:  delete   bookmark

test:  returns the comparative or passes of a given string .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a long option name to a valid python identifier by changing "-" to "_" .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the characters; of the current machine .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  parses a string or start and assign to a sequence of expressions .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  normalize senate .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  profile   plan
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a track function that is passed on demand .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  convert a user identifier and return the user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  convert   was
truth:  convert   uid

test:  creates a new app instance configured with the given settings .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   roundrobin
truth:  returns   application

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the second kind .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   routes
truth:  computes   chebyshev

test:  gets featured files in an artist .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  return   sums
truth:  return   expression

test:  remove the indentation from the right space .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  dedent   gauss
truth:  dedent   strings

test:  handler to log user and elasticsearch .
truth: list all users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  wait until the specified job has been reached .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  compare surfaces for comparison .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  pulls   sentiment
truth:  pulls   bem

test:  write a tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  print   configured
truth:  print   tree

test:  organize what commands are available .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  yields   exploit
truth:  yields   duplicates

test:  computes the ang covariance matrix for white apis .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  return the image hash for a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  quote text for inserting into a shell .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   supports
truth:  text   text

test:  get a provided token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   authorizes
truth:  return   command

test:  return a nuttall with a simple nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if cell is running on python version .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  check   computes
truth:  check   cell

test:  log a message .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  return iterator over conll corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  toggle data register d7 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  split and extract the given attributes from the given defaultdict dict .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  return   centers
truth:  return   labels

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  a decorator that makes a function into a caller .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a new string consisting of the default database .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  given a wsgi application .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  sign   mutes
truth:  sign   app

test:  return a wsgi engine based on provided database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  load   mixed
truth:  load   engine

test:  return the api http object with the given object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  search for releases and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  plot the test case of a figure .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   reported
truth:  plot   function

test:  extract a specific trees that is provided in the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  search   configured
truth:  search   tree

test:  return a list of packages in the specified package .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression period id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  pulls   facilitates
truth:  pulls   postfix_expression

test:  pop the last line number in the local context .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  removes   deconvolves
truth:  removes   level

test:  write the fif file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   populating
truth:  write   info

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk size .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   tend
truth:  get   chunk

test:  perform a single specification and time for the given schedule .
truth: factory function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  find and return vera switches .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   travel
truth:  find   vera

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  parameter: string for html quoted .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  encodes   skipped
truth:  encodes   use

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  helper for checking if a string is an optional kind .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  a view that retrieves the csrf if a user wants to perform a repository .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  context   surrounding
truth:  context   processor

test:  return the current instance of a process .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  verifies that the command output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   flattens
truth:  verifies   output

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  read exactly until the given data would be a socket .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   extracts
truth:  read   socket

test:  returns the value of the sphinx field on the spawner .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  get a subscription that is needed to finish .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  executes a list of ipv6 addresses into the ipv6 addresses .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   ensures
truth:  add   anything

test:  accepts a buffer and returns a tuple containing the equivalent of the buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  set the users of users to the db .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the contents of a path .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a new default context for an apiproxystub server .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  does the given data have a step .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  convert   do
truth:  convert   hashes

test:  return the function at the bottom of a function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  evaluate a python source source to be a python source file .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  evaluate   shared
truth:  evaluate   string

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  test   unpatch
truth:  test   matching

test:  escape cdata for inclusion in a document .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   iterates
truth:  escape   comment

test:  returns an integer as a list of bytes .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  decide whether one element is *true* .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test for a node .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  pulls   saves
truth:  pulls   links

test:  wrapper to echo strings to session .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  echo   reported
truth:  echo   function

test:  ensure a security group exists .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  ensure   rising
truth:  ensure   group

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  create some docked of interactive window unconditionally .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   plucks
truth:  create   window

test:  reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  reboot   squared
truth:  reboot   vms

test:  return a mock for the __init__ method on *cls* where the patch is reversed after pytest uses it .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   alter
truth:  return   mock

test:  create a new volume .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return true if the object is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  load a module instances from a module setting .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   switch
truth:  load   list

test:  return a boolean value representing the named timeout available to the system cli example: .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  compute the standard change of labels .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  compute   deprecate
truth:  compute   cpu

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  deprecated   flip
truth:  deprecated   python

test:  check to see if topics exists .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  find the schemas for the distance matrix .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   holding
truth:  find   policy

test:  yaml: dynamic dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  compare images using split-bregman .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  return   indicating
truth:  return   images

test:  applies a tuple of tuples to get rid of all forrt pairs that match the given list of occurrences of a single substrings .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a data structure representing the version of build and the similar to ignore .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  normalize   extract
truth:  normalize   version

test:  stop section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   alignment
truth:  stop   section

test:  return the name of the type .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check if the css validity in the specified table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   wheter
truth:  check   existence

test:  return the full url from the request without the user .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  parses   access
truth:  parses   url

test:  get the evaluated boolean .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  returns the value of iterable without the value of an iterable .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  helper to hide a simplepipelineengine button to be used in the musicbrainz comment on the earths .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  hide   resizes
truth:  hide   icon

test:  recursively copy the provided object from the provided dictionary .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  pulls   svn
truth:  pulls   dicts

test:  return the string with spaces and the given string .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  quotes   utf-8
truth:  quotes   argument

test:  return tree with tree namespace and router .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  pulls   configured
truth:  pulls   tree

test:  return the spectral clustering of graphs .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  unsolve a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  accept   reauthenticates
truth:  accept   answer

test:  run the test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return a list of available security items cli example: .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  template   constrained
truth:  template   functions

test:  returns a wsgi method to display the output from a push file .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  export   located
truth:  export   method

test:  set mongodb part for good flags .
truth: process part . 
test:  process   default
truth:  process   part

test:  remove the regex separated string for inclusion in a valid block .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  convert   submitted
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  find the best position of a fits error .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  helper method to update package objects .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  update   poll
truth:  update   versions

test:  ensure that given create is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   responds
truth:  ensure   database

test:  test run a process with the given successful output .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  imports the object for the given module .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  test if transformer is completely on a test .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  get the string representation of this file .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  allocate an uninitialized timedelta memory slot .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   pulls
truth:  allocate   null

test:  convert a path from a bucket path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  read the parameters from a file at flat format .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   offset
truth:  read   parameters

test:  run test suite .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  provides the ps for a given process .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  gets   search
truth:  gets   d

test:  table with col and symlognorm naming naming .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a storage object with the get and post arguments .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  make sure a seed is actually tk .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   implied
truth:  generate   seed

test:  returns a list of unique elements of the iterable that contain a list .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  test if we can add variable missing from the variable .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  check   randomise
truth:  check   message

test:  remove all discussion tab for the given course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   cut
truth:  remove   tab

test:  convert string into an integer .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  extract   search
truth:  extract   d

test:  get page size and return them in reverse order .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  prints the list of all the results in the given row .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   understemmed
truth:  prints   results

test:  websocket the websocket of responses and guard against the same uri .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  try   fix
truth:  try   websocket

test:  initialize the release level module .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  clone   decompresses
truth:  clone   flocker

test:  testing the network flow of the network - pressure .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  function that processes show version information to obtain the model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  obtain   pushing
truth:  obtain   model

test:  quit from input .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  quit   clones
truth:  quit   server

test:  sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled constants .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  tries to determine the ico map .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  pulls   presents
truth:  pulls   mapping

test:  output a password and reset to password the password of a user .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  create a pyro configuration file using the provided options .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  builds   freezing
truth:  builds   configuration

test:  download and build fasttree then copy it to the scripts directory .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  download   coerce
truth:  download   swarm

test:  return the frequencies of the elements of degree n with coefficients .
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  module function to encode a password hash given the hash parameters .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  this script is called on the first machine .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  shows   compressing
truth:  shows   menu

test:  return booleans in a string .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get a thread to be passed in lock .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  initializes   ellipsoid
truth:  initializes   pool

test:  return a trivial graph with a cycle of the graph g .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  return true if item is a terminal of decorators .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   pulls
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for defining directories exist and comics .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  test hashing epoched sessions .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the specified file for a specified file .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  grep   labeled
truth:  grep   file

test:  return a scrapyd object for the given prefix .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  search for a python package in the given string by adding a package to its .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  converts   failing
truth:  converts   style

test:  this endpoint is a user to search for a user .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   slave_open
truth:  search   media

test:  force the background usr .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  drops   allocate
truth:  drops   user

test:  inject names that can be used as a test client .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  patches   assign
truth:  patches   requests

test:  unmount a devices from a system .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  return true if path is full restorecon .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  reset   colorized
truth:  reset   context

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  check if site-packages is a valid python version for use with c{class} .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  sets a log level level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  create a new course .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  add   created
truth:  add   mode

test:  model a simple while uploading while uploading of the original fails .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  does the common but matches a string to be a valid python agent to map .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  pulls   obtained
truth:  pulls   clients

test:  check a document for the named fields .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe to bench .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  switch   gunicorn
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns decoded decoded from dbms specific hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decodes   bench
truth:  decodes   value

test:  computes the linear differential equation function .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  pulls   pre
truth:  pulls   equation

test:  associate an email with user in the email address .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  return   inform
truth:  return   entry

test:  encode a certain string to unicode objects .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  generate the versions of an ssh package and return the result .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  extract the snmp snmp data from a string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   prepares
truth:  disable   router

test:  fetch the current api version .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  show   stopped
truth:  show   statistics

test:  attempt to remove the translation specified .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  marks a callback as current context object as wanting to receive the current user .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  returns the cached content for the cached location .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  retrieves   darken
truth:  retrieves   piece

test:  return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  return   utf-8
truth:  return   argument

test:  count the number of numbers that will be used to count the number of times .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  counts   returned
truth:  counts   numbers

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  return an array that is unmask as 16-bit .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   restrict
truth:  normalize   array

test:  compute the circular variance for samples assumed to be in the range parameters samples : array_like samples assumed to be in the range to high] the range of samples .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   containing
truth:  allocate   ip

test:  returns the shape of an integer in a keras variable or a tuple of integers .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of a dataset of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  add a public keys for enum class instance .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  sets   defines
truth:  sets   attributes

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  produces a nested set .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  unset the smallest display for a single view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  test getting completion for unknown should fail to this shell .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  test   gzipped
truth:  test   completion

test:  decorator to require the decorated function .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create a new :class:spyne object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  decode unicode to ascii string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  flattens   pulls
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  this is a feature which matches the feature of every ie and add an plug-in of the distance when bad_channels is that is in the feature .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns an expression like representation for the given state .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  wrap some text for inclusion in a template .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  wrap   supported
truth:  wrap   paragraph

test:  install a certificate keychain the given keychain to install the certificate to install the keychain to use to install the certificate keychain the keychain to install the certificate from pr
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   traverse
truth:  install   cert

test:  shut down traffic server on the local node .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  displays a command in task .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  print   constrained
truth:  print   functions

test:  decrypt the hybi-07 hash using the hybi-07 hash algorithm .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  based   access
truth:  based   url

test:  gets a fake component to use with a given name .
truth: register the device . 
test:  register   igor
truth:  register   device

test:  compute the length of a matrix from a given file .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  hash   recreate
truth:  hash   portion

test:  helper method for checking whether the user has access to the blocks of the blocks for other conditions .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the path from source to target using the given weighted path .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the path for the sympy dir .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  create a fake payment_instruction .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  create   compare
truth:  create   payment

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  delete containers for a container .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  remove   mounts
truth:  remove   objects

test:  load resources from a given module .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  return   wanted
truth:  return   filename

test:  like decorator_from_middleware but converts django .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  returns the unicode text on a given node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  return a pair that apply to a *seqs .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  merge   reallocation
truth:  merge   collection

test:  delete an object or raise if namespace or object doesnt exist .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   enhanced
truth:  delete   object

test:  returns the discussion dialling id for the specified xblock .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  a decorator that prevents auth from being automatically authorized to call an action function .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  hack   using
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  grant   serves
truth:  grant   roles

test:  imports module or none .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  attempt   pulls
truth:  attempt   null

test:  returns a process object for a given limits .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  gets   negate
truth:  gets   resource

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   gauss
truth:  test   strings

test:  multiply f by a constant value in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   uncheck
truth:  multiply   element

test:  it should correctly extract regular step steps into an array .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  rewrite the compensation data for their respective examples .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  ask   shared
truth:  ask   string

test:  parse out the arp contents of a given ip address .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  pulls   combined
truth:  pulls   ipv4

test:  return dns dns path based on the moose or pings side .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   catching
truth:  enable   quota

test:  display whether remote events is on or off :return: true if we are on modem" .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   fitnesse
truth:  displays   events

test:  computes the precision of the gamma function .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  computes   imports
truth:  computes   coefficient

test:  progress release section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  progress   alignment
truth:  progress   section

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   optimize
truth:  destroy   quotas

test:  attempt to strip the two sequences of a permutation of numbers .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  optimized   calc_footprint
truth:  optimized   strip

test:  returns the expected layers number of symbols splitting and replacement for the expected returns: y: l .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  system information type 8 section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  return the first server running the server .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  gets an sms phone number with the specified number of smtp .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create an astroid exponential function for the provided exponential .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  create   reported
truth:  create   function

test:  returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   yield
truth:  returns   bool

test:  iterate over the notes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  iterates   show
truth:  iterates   notes

test:  test recovery ica twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if unittest is unknown args: env_name: : the name of unittest to skip the same file-like object .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  attach a json story representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   populating
truth:  attach   info

test:  update the version number in both the final version number .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   returned
truth:  update   numbers

test:  example of an event using the analytics strategy .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  sends   nested
truth:  sends   segment

test:  ciphering assignment section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  ciphering   alignment
truth:  ciphering   section

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to unique local address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  this function takes a string and returns a set of words representing the strings contained in it .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  calculate   minpoly(add
truth:  calculate   words

test:  return a logical string that can be used in the gear .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  determines   tracks
truth:  determines   urls

test:  add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  return true when the command passed is a valid available .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  pulls   search
truth:  pulls   d

test:  tries to click an element and waits for a page with an explicit timeout .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  click   uncheck
truth:  click   element

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  echo calls to functions and return a single space .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  echo   pulls
truth:  echo   null

test:  returns the standardized useful prioritize and time report .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  yield   prioritized
truth:  yield   messages

test:  takes the btrfs tree .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  iterate   flow
truth:  iterate   fields

test:  returns all accessible courses list and a course actions .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  list   disconnect
truth:  list   courses

test:  returns the theano function that can be used as a max max or its an fgraph .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  simplify   array
truth:  simplify   computation

test:  return the hash of the user .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   terminate
truth:  hash   password

test:  decodes a gcode linear move into a entity_pb .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  prepares   redirecting
truth:  prepares   entity

test:  same as x but for two tensors .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether basic components of an application not in straight .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert the input value to true or false .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  write a serialized packet .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  write rst to file fname .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  takes   labeled
truth:  takes   file

test:  execute the return command and return its output .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  ensure that the named job is absent name the name of the job to remove job .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   uploading
truth:  ensure   job

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   stores
truth:  load   name

test:  decorate a listener as a listener for the given target + identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  parses a file from an feed .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  read   pasted
truth:  read   feed

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   ellipsoid
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that a package is installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  make sure that an environment is raised by the user .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  create   unquoting
truth:  create   environment

test:  disassociate a floating ip from a fixed ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  disassociate   containing
truth:  disassociate   ip

test:  returns the integer code of the given triad .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test that the config file is initialized when it is not defined .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  calculate the cross entropy between the target and target_image .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  perform the logistic loss on w .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  this generator flattens nested containers in a list format to iterate over the lines of dicts .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  get a list of all user policies .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   isolate
truth:  get   policies

test:  a decorator for methods that adds a filter to the todo .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  find the filter type by wolph .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   exposes
truth:  find   values

test:  test chart rendering with a none filled serie .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  helper method to get the region code for a phone number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  find   execute
truth:  find   region

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  plot the reference from a stream that will be used as the image .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  generate   parens
truth:  generate   figure

test:  replaces all of the character of a string with a given character .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  print a string representation of a python string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   shared
truth:  print   string

test:  return the uri for this windows .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  takes   bench
truth:  takes   value

test:  returns the storage size of the given device .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check whether the user is logged in .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  creates a new user defined in the current namespace .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  extract   pocsuite
truth:  extract   n

test:  configures the given expression to determine the given values in the given validity .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the harmonic mean of *x* .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  parse a filename string into a static file .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  parse   wanted
truth:  parse   filename

test:  sets the value of the pionter that owns the nonnnegative .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  return a list of the files in the current deregistration args: obj_name : the input files to get returns a list of files that require the filename of the file
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  return the host from the xenapi host reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  return a {key for a given sequence of strings .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  generate   orders
truth:  generate   alias

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  a simple helper function to decode a string from the response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  write graph g in single-line adjacency-list format to multiline format .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   translated
truth:  write   g

test:  converts a date to a datetime .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  show   focused
truth:  show   dates

test:  fixture which provides a fake config object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  get the interrupt notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  generates the alternating group on n elements as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   rising
truth:  generates   group

test:  clears all logs stored within the globally-held logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  clear   hacked
truth:  clear   buffer

test:  metafy single error prefix .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  generate   randomise
truth:  generate   message

test:  return the md5 line of a file .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  returns text with escaped whitespace .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  displays   returned
truth:  displays   numbers

test:  get item or a users value .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator for reduction *tokens method .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  returns a list of table names and the catalog service .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   bounds
truth:  returns   table

test:  tries to parse a line of a word line and return its lines .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  temperature the preface file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  create a minimal minimal refresh .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  like *l1* but stores it into one {node .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  bans a twitter account from using aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  ignores   restart
truth:  ignores   account

test:  returns a random job prefix based on the prefix .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  internal helper function for checking if its input is valid .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  check   produces
truth:  check   identity

test:  returns the string of the date units .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  pulls   dereference
truth:  pulls   width

test:  write the given file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  writes   restoring
truth:  writes   data

test:  tests that a file in an zip file is preserved .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  see   labeled
truth:  see   file

test:  only when internal thats house house reload .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  initialize   freezing
truth:  initialize   configuration

test:  returns the mntd .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  find   highlight
truth:  find   row

test:  split hint hint positions into list of bad lists .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  testing that the table colorless within double quotes with double groups .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  revoke the panel event handlers .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   requesting
truth:  revoke   i

test:  return the attribute of two sets where the variables are equal .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  this function will return a string containing the python interpreter was used for a bit .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  start   generating
truth:  start   shell

test:  load the login form .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   colorized
truth:  load   context

test:  checks the error if the datastore has a valid error .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  test that a table with unbounded parameter is ignored .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  mock   located
truth:  mock   method

test:  parse the file into deprecation words .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  add or remove the given name to the namespace .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  populate   flattening
truth:  populate   field

test:  read in an image file as an argument .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  returns   outline
truth:  returns   hex

test:  cast value to an argument or int .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  attempts   contributed
truth:  attempts   t

test:  returns a formatted timestamp for a timestamp .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  pulls   childnodes
truth:  pulls   timestamp

test:  renders messages in a form with context as an optional context .
truth: show django . 
test:  show   lambda
truth:  show   django

test:  this is a generic folder if whatever is within a dependency or within an app .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  detect   define
truth:  detect   path

test:  run the given function and return a tuple of arguments .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  language: pt-br -> language class supports french .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  reset warning table to a warning .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  set   pings
truth:  set   behavior

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative + d/dt + d/dt + d/dt and derivative .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   uplink
truth:  compute   motion

test:  return parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  initialize   hanging
truth:  initialize   variables

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  setup   attriute
truth:  setup   stdout

test:  a script cannot return the progress element of the given path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  calculates the rabbitmq-plugin vote on a list of labels .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  assumes   centers
truth:  assumes   labels

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  retry   reported
truth:  retry   function

test:  congestion section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  control   alignment
truth:  control   section

test:  returns the default and default .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  pulls   backported
truth:  pulls   handlers

test:  returns the user this request .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate internal hash of characters for externally authenticated user .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  the main search for new instance .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  load bom into bom dir .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  loads the copper data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  loads   restoring
truth:  loads   data

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  run a command in a given queue .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  helper function to make sure the xml attribute is a valid xml string .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  test installing from a non-editable from a pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  test   downloading
truth:  test   package

test:  decorator to handle a stack and verifies that the stack is valid for that is raised .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  pulls   isolate
truth:  pulls   policies

test:  parse a query string containing syntax characters into a tuple with leading and the syntax args .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   exposes
truth:  parse   values

test:  sorts the list of "plane sorted by the given flavor .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return certain machine-readable version of the current linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  normalizes the input array so that it normalizes to 1 .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  standard filter factory to use the middleware with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  pulls   orphaned
truth:  pulls   paste

test:  return lines of lookuptable based on arbitrary histogram .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  return   plan
truth:  return   profile

test:  converts a byte string to a byte string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return true if the file is compilable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  evaluate the processor suffix and return a path which can be used for future or a string .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  get   physicists
truth:  get   suffix

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   labeled
truth:  execute   file

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  performs a permission requests with the given signature .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   assign
truth:  retrieves   requests

test:  like :func:exec_prompt .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  statement : bad&rule .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  this is called from the first element of a monkey-patches class .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  pulls   flattening
truth:  pulls   field

test:  returns the matfile version of a raw version string .
truth: return major . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  load an image .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  returns true if primer in primer allowed mismatches .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns if the edit should be reversed for a particular view .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  computes the copula of multivariate copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the file descriptor in f if it contains a safe file or does not already exist .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  retrieve the ethernet mock pkt for a given type .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  find   talk
truth:  find   packet

test:  generate an or-ed series of shifts for the first count digits .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  generate   trims
truth:  generate   shift

test:  return the class name associated with the given alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  finds   pulls
truth:  finds   null

test:  attempt to remove the translation specified .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  return   figures
truth:  return   computer

test:  convert a 8bit record for the grokable package into a space .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  returns   compresses
truth:  returns   statement

test:  test the input and sends an mlp for a graph object .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  write the new refs file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  generate   restarts
truth:  generate   refs

test:  returns true if the tool is datasource .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   inquire
truth:  returns   tool

test:  takes a location .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  returns   widening
truth:  returns   location

test:  only load this module if heat is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  handles and validation for specified system instance from right to modify filter .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  check   hits
truth:  check   filter

test:  a version of tar_file .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  get a sort string of a list of integers .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  applies   proctored
truth:  applies   sort

test:  check if the overlap reader is in the system .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  checks   sleep
truth:  checks   files

test:  temporarily set the current theme in the theme that need to be built-in .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  add   stubbed
truth:  add   headers

test:  only work on proxy .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  work   setting
truth:  work   systems

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   hover
truth:  given   bytes

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  fragment   containing
truth:  fragment   ip

test:  initializes and return a list of tests for all tests in the given input .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  generate   carry
truth:  generate   test

test:  does the ith precision of a nested sequence .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  get   reallocation
truth:  get   collection

test:  parses a matrix containing http/2 values for non-existing lines .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  return a list of unique groups that contain the vocabulary of groups .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  returns   learns
truth:  returns   seqs

test:  lock -> str write a file to its beginning .
truth: lock file . 
test:  lock   labeled
truth:  lock   file

test:  generate a hash for a given hash .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns the coverage of the coverage via r .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  returns   parameterize
truth:  returns   integers

test:  adds a suffix to the suffix at extensions .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  common interface to prevent a new home directory .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  change   crop
truth:  change   directory

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   leave
truth:  setup   switch

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   markdown
truth:  lists   vlan

test:  convert a text to either an instance of a human readable code or a string .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return a composite transform for a bcp of arguments .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  create   labels
truth:  create   transform

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   bench
truth:  add   value

test:  tests that pylearn2 .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  sort the given dict of keys by their sorted subset of values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the default widget type for a default value .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  determine the index of a given app .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  return   describing
truth:  return   listener

test:  compare two images .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  compute   backs
truth:  compute   mean

test:  look for the key .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  direct a loop .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  direct   decoding
truth:  direct   lists

test:  load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  move item onto cookies .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  pulls   urlencode
truth:  pulls   item

test:  wait until a certain node has been reached .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  call   interprets
truth:  call   intervals

test:  unpack lines .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  unpack   optdict
truth:  unpack   lines

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host backend details .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  validate and return value .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  wrap   borrowed
truth:  wrap   instances

test:  gets the description for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   tile
truth:  gets   information

test:  maps keys for attachment summary view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  returns an unused port on localhost and the system on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  to put the specified host system in maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  take   preloading
truth:  take   host

test:  return the length of a continued ~ to a continued fraction .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  returns   finished
truth:  returns   fraction

test:  convenience function for returning a set of content nodes contained within a topic .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  generate image points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   reported
truth:  generates   function

test:  creates a breadcrumb .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   act
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the simplified loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  returns random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns string from an element in the format returned by the tag .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  reverse the normalization on the objects of a python node .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  fixture to yield recwarn object from a fake page .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  change tablespace and return the output of a postgres server .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  change   performs
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  change the group group id for a channel .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  deal   overrides
truth:  deal   channel

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  find the working directory for the given locale .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  remove a song from a pcap .
truth: get streams . 
test:  get   establishes
truth:  get   streams

test:  convert a collection of characters in included in a string to human readable form .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  convert   heres
truth:  convert   frequency

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  converts true if could be used as the same kind .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  check   autoreleased
truth:  check   types

test:  returns true if the tour object is complete .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  calculate probability from a rectangle distribution .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  function   ban
truth:  function   probability

test:  return true if the url is used for the given language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  sending message to hipchat v1 .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  sending   remains
truth:  sending   v1

test:  create a new request for the specified thread .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   tweak
truth:  returns   replacement

test:  returns a phonenumber name for the given phonenumber object .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  return the platform names and subscriptions for a user .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  format   allocate
truth:  format   user

test:  given a url or a url to a url .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  canonicalize   access
truth:  canonicalize   url

test:  private function for the erfa app that uses the erfa column .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check if a device path is virtio .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  check   igor
truth:  check   device

test:  validates that the given key names are valid for any of the actual header key .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   urlencode
truth:  validate   item

test:  provide the options for the hfa page hfa rfa: .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  provide   forbid
truth:  provide   options

test:  given a "host:port" string .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  validates   stream
truth:  validates   returns

test:  gracefully boot for the zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  boot   start
truth:  boot   zone

test:  return a json compatible graph object with the array'}}} graph .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  load   aliased
truth:  load   json

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   bench
truth:  escapes   value

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   hostname
truth:  get   vm

test:  computes the indefinite integral of f in x_j in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum variance beamformer .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  set the current rc params .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  return a single doctype .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  return   gunicorn
truth:  return   frappe

test:  get a path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   canonicalized
truth:  work   posix

test:  returns true if the given ip address is lies .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   stores
truth:  accepts   name

test:  show the contents of a fiff file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  determine if a directive contains a special directive .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a components to the problem if available .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  adds   tsv
truth:  adds   components

test:  returns the path to the cola html path .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  map   define
truth:  map   path

test:  restores default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   dataframe
truth:  scan   comments

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  dispatches   executed
truth:  dispatches   dictionary

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where where pat is a egg:paste#auth_basic contained within .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   flip
truth:  return   python

test:  return the zeros of a numpy array or numpy .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  get a float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   making
truth:  get   float

test:  install zfs on a task .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   looping
truth:  install   node

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  create a single test that uses us to work with this class .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  function   carry
truth:  function   test

test:  returns true if the flash messages are available .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  new milestone form .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  creates an asymmetrical object by provided reference .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  filter   enhance
truth:  filter   items

test:  given a whole number .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  pulls   retrive
truth:  pulls   checks

test:  generate correct constraint for types and typeconstraints .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  given   teardown
truth:  given   type

test:  return the default zone .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  print   skips
truth:  print   connections

test:  given two axes returns the elements of a time .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  compute   unrooted
truth:  compute   differences

test:  convert the etree element of a recursive element .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  converts   uncheck
truth:  converts   element

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   mounted
truth:  read   end

test:  upload tarball to a tarball via sigusr1 .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   clones
truth:  upload   server

test:  test a simple timeline .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  convert a numeric array to the nearest frequency of scores .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  fetch the refs in a local .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   mounts
truth:  fetch   objects

test:  temperature the preface file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  comb   del
truth:  comb   gcode

test:  checks if pep8 code is in a detected format .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   acquires
truth:  check   pep8

test:  find the machine on which the given rank is longer than the ctypes set of points in the given inside the directory .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   annoy
truth:  get   rank

test:  get a vfs configs for the user .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  plots a single figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  sets   forbid
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman top window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  cast an integer to an integer given value .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  convert   archive
truth:  convert   member

test:  flatten a unit variable with *new* entity dim .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  reshapes   simulating
truth:  reshapes   input

test:  determines whether it matches either a reboot or looks as a reboot .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  destroy the ttl .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  destroy   command
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns a list of all the nodes of the graph .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  return the url to a given image ref .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  return if a itemwise differences between two lists .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts an image into a network input .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  mean   pulls
truth:  mean   null

test:  return a block of python interpreter we end and the appropriate python interpreter .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  completes   bartels
truth:  completes   contents

test:  makes a bound method with an passf class .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an externally configured host backend .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   encapsulate
truth:  populate   instance

test:  get and display the text for a complete user .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  fetch   bans
truth:  fetch   resources

test:  make a serialized host .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  pulls   preloading
truth:  pulls   host

test:  make sure that the gpu conversion is exact .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get word from html file syntax .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   carve
truth:  test   word

test:  try to split a private server .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  try   multiply
truth:  try   paramiko

test:  returns a set of system roles that have been role .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   grouping
truth:  retrieve   system

test:  return true iff the given timestamp is equal to analyze .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  filter   reverts
truth:  filter   age

test:  attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager success line and extract user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  attempt   randomise
truth:  attempt   message

test:  checks that the current user is valid for the given request and returns the result of the current thread .
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  tries   astring
truth:  tries   route

test:  generates a maximum element from the input individuals .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  generates   lstrip
truth:  generates   set

test:  returns true if given stream is valid csv .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  create and return the testing server .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  evaluates the value of a variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  git version of git .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  resolves   unparsing
truth:  resolves   git

test:  tests if the type passed in scaling are valid .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  test   writing
truth:  test   ironpython

test:  given a module .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   reported
truth:  define   function

test:  sets a key in memcache and a memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   exposes
truth:  sets   values

test:  the default timeout should be pickleable .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of paths that are available .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  return   drawing
truth:  return   tags

test:  test missing argument for missing argument .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  a utility method for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  based   base64encodes
truth:  based   djangos

test:  compute the given html .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  return   logarithmic
truth:  return   slug

test:  calculate the rabbitmq rabbitmq queue number .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  fetch a remote bazaar repository into a new directory .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  fetch   pending
truth:  fetch   default

test:  generate a single .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  log   inf
truth:  log   download

test:  runs a command and send it to the main process .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  testing   flip
truth:  testing   python

test:  returns the path to the base .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  get equation for rectangular point .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   named
truth:  get   z

test:  converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{list} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  downgrade the output of the cases that also be used as the png via the png operator .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  downgrade   proxying
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  square the square image .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout and captured_stdin that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  reset a audio audio value for a movie .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns a global page number for a given page storage {% crispy_addon page to load .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  inject the given event .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  injects   label
truth:  injects   custom

test:  make sure a bundle is set to no bundle .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  missing   coupling
truth:  missing   target

test:  overwrite a docstring into one function and docstring with values from jquery .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  updates a previously installed packages cli example: .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  config   deflate
truth:  config   config

test:  check for a caller with the given role on the caller .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the rules of the mimetype instance .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  verify that the path is a joinable executable .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  create a double double to be used for the master .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  create   goes
truth:  create   frames

test:  given a view function lookup .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  retrieve all units and return quotas .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  sets the gpu pointed to a gpu .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   finished
truth:  set   fraction

test:  adds a new document to its component words .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  append   physicists
truth:  append   suffix

test:  some groups of the group .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  pulls   decide
truth:  pulls   groups

test:  return the total number of an iterable .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  return the host size of the given object .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list with the <filter> order for the <filter> order .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  new ledger could be strings .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   hover
truth:  convert   bytes

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  create those items in the request .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   constrained
truth:  create   functions

test:  reload the given command .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  pulls   determine
truth:  pulls   projects

test:  /proc/stat of der simple transformation .
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the message id for the given site .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  create a continuous random variable with the specified name .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  returns the name of the backend handling this code is running in the dev_appserver import of a backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  backend   tear
truth:  backend   module

test:  returns the peer_info_dicts whose the image is the shards that are sorted by the shards package .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  determines   print
truth:  determines   approximation

test:  unpauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  get comparison in order to sort keys in ascending order of key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   limiting
truth:  get   order

test:  collects a phone number from a phonenumber that is marked as the phone number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   decide
truth:  returns   groups

test:  traverses the profile with profile which the specified service id .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  fetch   search
truth:  fetch   d

test:  nice -> string return a list with length sign the first character in the string .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  join   gauss
truth:  join   strings

test:  checks the value is an integer within range .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   sqlmap
truth:  checks   limit

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  convert a pytree to a list of requested tree .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  set   db
truth:  set   annotation

test:  run a single correlation matrix .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   read
truth:  run   variance

test:  find the platform for a given path which uses the file to find and return the file name .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  supplied   pulls
truth:  supplied   null

test:  helper to restrict too returned by a stc object .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  restrict   looking
truth:  restrict   operator

test:  reads the nodes in the traffic file .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   freezing
truth:  read   configuration

test:  create a new addon for the given addon and the name .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   whitespace
truth:  create   addon

test:  normalize the experiment to make it usable .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   called
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  provides the result of an http api .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  retrieves   eliminating
truth:  retrieves   cache

test:  return the ip address of the list of a .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  parse   based
truth:  parse   address

test:  renders the given template and returns the result as a string .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  search for a given type in the system type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  create all the data .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  sort mapping by the given size in the cluster .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sort   review
truth:  sort   keys

test:  helper for checking if a ufunc object has a hoststate set to true .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  pulls   callback
truth:  pulls   variant

test:  from download for db .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test fixing annotations .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  find all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   crack
truth:  set   _

test:  return a conn object .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   linkify
truth:  converts   integer

test:  handles the given period and end of a range .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  return   standardises
truth:  return   period

test:  get eip error on none .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  error   dos
truth:  error   search

test:  return the storage repository to the storage repository .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  return   repository

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency dependecies .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  does   list
truth:  does   dependency

test:  add the x intersections for a loops from a loop .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  unmount a single target .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   forgets
truth:  unmount   filesystem

test:  convert a url into a dict .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  takes   access
truth:  takes   url

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  an encoding error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   lets
truth:  encoding   handler

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   knapsack
truth:  raise   request

test:  checks if a given locale is in the system .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  check   unquoting
truth:  check   environment

test:  updates viewpoint metadata .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  return a list of available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  add the web page from the internal $home .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  dispatches   reported
truth:  dispatches   function

test:  extract a new collection of length tokens from a single pair of integers .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  returns   obfuscate
truth:  returns   tokens

test:  return the orbits for the redundant layer or strong objects .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return an html string with the given text .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  print   fitnesse
truth:  print   events

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a new graph of free steps for the given graph and its degree .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for a gcode file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  get   pass
truth:  get   document

test:  test if filename is a hidden file for certain file .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  print a list of / email addresses into a list of tags .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  find the image pointed to the given container .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  print a list of notification .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   solve
truth:  print   settings

test:  a <filter> tree that is a readable tree in the tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  format the payload data into a dictionary .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  pass   instantiate
truth:  pass   arguments

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns the schema in the namespace .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  generate a token to be used for authentication .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise exception if validate_class is not a custom resource class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  raises   expr
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  get media list on media list object .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  get   wheather
truth:  get   library

test:  given a directory of worklist .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  given   coupling
truth:  given   target

test:  return a remote connection .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  grab   revoked
truth:  grab   details

test:  get all the loops going through the loop .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   recognize
truth:  get   centers

test:  removes single input string from string .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  test that we are able to send a string to a verifies the container on an ip address .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  disable   resulting
truth:  disable   workers

test:  return all available namespaces from the system .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  provide   makes
truth:  provide   namespaces

test:  fetches all of the progress for a course .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  display   bring
truth:  display   page

test:  the linear inequality constraint x .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  pulls   recurse
truth:  pulls   inequality

test:  get absolute path to sys .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   negate
truth:  get   resource

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  increments   executed
truth:  increments   dictionary

test:  returns the given file or integer as fileobj .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  return   parsefile
truth:  return   descriptor

test:  show the unit information for a device cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  update the regular expression to include the path .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  update   consisting
truth:  update   link

test:  helper function to run a failed module in the __main__ namespace note that the import will be compiled for the specified module .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  execute   batch
truth:  execute   code

test:  create a display .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  display   shared
truth:  display   string

test:  check if the config exists .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  scan for format_list(extract_stack) and returns a list of terminals .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  scan   flip
truth:  scan   python

test:  add a bunch of entities to its textual representation .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  go   review
truth:  go   keys

test:  generate a testcase for tests to set and return the class used for each class .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  create   turn
truth:  create   case

test:  return true if the given statement is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  add a file to the register .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   lets
truth:  add   handler

test:  returns an :class: .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  instantiate   enhanced
truth:  instantiate   object

test:  api: accepts auth name .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   added
truth:  p   p

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  add message to a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  test whether a file does not exist .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns the scope for a given object and metadata .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  pulls   usage_key_string
truth:  pulls   view

test:  returns the path to a directory that contains the given index .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  walk   regressiont
truth:  walk   index

test:  return a list of samples for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   aligns
truth:  return   volume

test:  embed an album into the items media file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   recommended
truth:  embed   art

test:  get the binary domain name .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  grab   stores
truth:  grab   name

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check to see if the list matches the given rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   switch
truth:  complete   list

test:  return a mesh of two floating quadratic bit of a and b .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  return integer division of two :class:~datetime == b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  return   collecting
truth:  return   b

test:  return list of pairs in base order that appear in base .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  returns   orthoganlize
truth:  returns   hash

test:  see if the details for a file .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   r^2
truth:  build   form

test:  convert a text to a string of analysis .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  convert   label
truth:  convert   custom

test:  create a general file from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   mutate
truth:  create   column

test:  given a valid config .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  add   insert
truth:  add   targets

test:  returns the absolute url to the django_request .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   trimmed
truth:  build   uri

test:  return a brocade specific port .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  ignore epipe exception raised by the given exception type .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  check   capturing
truth:  check   error

test:  initialize the module .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return the current stack for generating purposes .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  attempt to init a call to the resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get the description for carve .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   recompose
truth:  get   carve

test:  helper function which expects a warning error message if yesterdays is not a status attribute .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  solves   small_stmts
truth:  solves   line

test:  request for regenerate certificates generated in bulk .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  small_stmt : intconstant : .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  extends the list of a overwrites context to a overwrites context .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  modify   colorized
truth:  modify   context

test:  test a line profile using an ndim=2 image .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   plan
truth:  test   profile

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   target_expressing
truth:  delete   question

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert loc to eeg gamma .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  capture the responder e .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  hook   belong
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  select   spawns
truth:  select   endpoint

test:  return the contents of a single random string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  load translations from current user .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  append   gunicorn
truth:  append   frappe

test:  returns the config directory to use .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  retrieve a list of valid qos specs for the given volume group .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  given   aligns
truth:  given   volume

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns the first element in the iterable that would be auto-escaped .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  execute   returns
truth:  execute   something

test:  return t and variance of the binomial dataframe parameters y : 1-d array .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  return a string of characters of characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  generates   stores
truth:  generates   name

test:  get a treewalker tree for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the tree type required .
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  fixture that returns a cpu backend using cpu test .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   deprecate
truth:  fixture   cpu

test:  test if a string is according to the current locale .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  prevent   pulls
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  group a sequence of objects by a common attribute .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  pulls   mounts
truth:  pulls   objects

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  does a qurl have a qurl netmask .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  check   access
truth:  check   url

test:  convert an integer to a long integer .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  find   linkify
truth:  find   integer

test:  get the string value rounded to the get parameter .
truth: get the round . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given a dataset with a pv .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  create an new media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   wheather
truth:  create   library

test:  convert the string from the form .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  transform   translates
truth:  transform   flags

test:  show the stdout to run a gluster command .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  perform   authorizes
truth:  perform   command

test:  like pprint .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  pulls   display
truth:  pulls   print

test:  computes the spectral flux feature of x and targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  check if files are changed .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  simple email address from the email address .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   enrolls
truth:  send   destination

test:  return a unix timestamp in a timezone .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  is   suppresses
truth:  is   seconds

test:  create a complete django test suite .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  runs   compiles
truth:  runs   suite

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf1 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  only load this module if the mysql command exists .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   imap
truth:  load   repos

test:  the fraction of data for linear models .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  pulls   input_fft_v
truth:  pulls   normalization

test:  returns a list of zookeeper locations for the specified string .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  compute the node for nodes of nbunch .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  test intervals with and without fixed parameters .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  test   access
truth:  test   url

test:  print a list of subfolders .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   autoreleased
truth:  print   types

test:  return the allowed formats for the formats of area .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return true if the given object is a list of errors .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  find a keys in a dictionary by regexp .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  like   crack
truth:  like   _

test:  sends a message to a single vertical or coefs .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  find notification email for a user when the meeting starts with the first name .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  return the value of a specified timezone .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  returns the sync_num .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns the length of value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  makes function that returns the result of a file f .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  returns true if all white to the specified line .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  generate and return certificates generated certificates for a student .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  submits   mount
truth:  submits   task

test:  for second weekday .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a document and return a list of elements .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   bench
truth:  generate   value

test:  checks that a certain reset is valid .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  check   initialized
truth:  check   notification

test:  temporarily change the stdout of a with statement .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  given a username .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  give   switch
truth:  give   list

test:  send a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  return if we are arraylike arraylike / periodindex .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a sizer for a group field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  returns   used
truth:  returns   sizer

test:  return whether running system is running .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   flip
truth:  returns   python

test:  run a command with the given arguments .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  return the number of commits of the given domain .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  a sane implementation of obj .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  is   safe_octal
truth:  is   class

test:  monitor service and see if service is enabled .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  entry point for an instance of ipython .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  construct   command
truth:  construct   session

test:  write a random file to disk .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   unparsing
truth:  write   git

test:  return the instance of an instance .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  tell tell a node .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  tell   pulls
truth:  tell   null

test:  waits until a non-false should be reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  wait   suppresses
truth:  wait   seconds

test:  create the set of additional properties in the provided instance .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retrieve a list of available instance sizes .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  delete an elasticsearch elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via macports command brew .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  test if the node is a valid booting .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  check   encapsulate
truth:  check   instance

test:  setup the email devices .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  return true if the given node is a super super .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  yaml: delivery-pipeline if the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log is the same version .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  extract the cr from a migration .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a function to receive a controller and invokes with the given socket .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  validate a logger for a file .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  validate   define
truth:  validate   path

test:  return the installed version of the site .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  return version tuple cli example: .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  write a fake ring s to the given ring .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  produce nodes in a depth-first-search pre-ordering starting from source .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   increase
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  returns a source string with the given locale .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  matches   pulls
truth:  matches   null

test:  computes the square root of a keras tensor .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  square   intialize
truth:  square   root

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name for a graph resource .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  create a virtual machine on the virtual machine .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian matrix in for a 3x3 plot .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  computes   file
truth:  computes   rotation

test:  stochastic relative strength index .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the branchreturn setting for the given request .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  returns   branch

test:  consume advance the iterator of the iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  consume   pulls
truth:  consume   null

test:  returns value of given json string .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  coerce   yield
truth:  coerce   bool

test:  coerce a lhs lhs that is free by the row of each function .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  returns   raise
truth:  returns   term

test:  blocking isend .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  blocking   raises
truth:  blocking   send

test:  given a thing .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  pulls   mignotte
truth:  pulls   things

test:  return tidy fragment that dont produce a single fragment .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  pulls   gzip
truth:  pulls   markup

test:  circle perimeter perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  generate   capa
truth:  generate   circle

test:  return true if a process with pid is running under pid .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  check   snaps
truth:  check   pid

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  get a storage instance that can be used to refer from and update the import of a storage backend .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  retrieve   enhanced
truth:  retrieve   object

test:  loads and commits the configuration provided .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  installs   forwards
truth:  installs   image

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  get a relative file to bootstrap .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  bootstrap   forgot
truth:  bootstrap   project

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  parse   response

test:  get the mongo options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   smash
truth:  compute   corner

test:  a decorator for skipping running a function .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  pulls   rolls
truth:  pulls   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   teardown
truth:  parse   type

test:  download a set of files for a certain file .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  download   restoring
truth:  download   data

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  given a beets query string as a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  make a template class for attribute *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   safe_octal
truth:  make   class

test:  checks if the given template file matches the correct template .
truth: test if . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  add an user like object to an object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes route .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   pulls
truth:  expand   null

test:  decorator used to register a new result of the builtin argument .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  get the default fs .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  set modified on localhost .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  sets   enhanced
truth:  sets   object

test:  find the snmp oid and return the dataset .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  retrieve   pending
truth:  retrieve   default

test:  registers an stanza of plugin instances .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  associate   enhanced
truth:  associate   object

test:  returns a list of all the files in this vmware environment .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  find the file in a directory of a given filesystem filename .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  looks   wanted
truth:  looks   filename

test:  converts a *x to a tuple that can be used as a tuple of optical .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   gauss
truth:  converts   strings

test:  return a string containing a major and minor python version .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  return   linkify
truth:  return   integer

test:  return the configured oslo_messaging notifier .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert a list of sequences into tuple of desired scalar objects .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  divide   packed
truth:  divide   chunks

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  emit options to emit it is a copy of the db options to emit it .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  emit   forbid
truth:  emit   options

test:  connect to an http connection and return the certificate instance .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  connect to the database; handleurl and return the values as a unicode string .
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  enables   roundrobin
truth:  enables   application

test:  get event list from media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  get   slave_open
truth:  get   media

test:  return the line number of the message for the given line numbers .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  calculate   sparks
truth:  calculate   number

test:  delete a topic .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   stops
truth:  delete   topic

test:  the entry point for cloudtrail high level commands .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  decorator that adds a caching with the given span stats .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute the homogeneity score for each slice in the set of labels .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  pulls   joins
truth:  pulls   cluster

test:  definition : type .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  replaces all occurances of operator equal (=) with operator like tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  complete   xlsx
truth:  complete   query

test:  determine if the loop is already fired by the loop .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns a string in milliseconds since the epoch that is suitable for manageable and within the number of seconds since the epoch .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  adapted   pulls
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all ordering .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   resulting
truth:  get   workers

test:  return the path name of the directory containing .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  apply   default
truth:  apply   part

test:  m-th order derivative of f in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   limiting
truth:  order   order

test:  check a precision vector is positive-definite .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   cleaning
truth:  check   matrix

test:  update the server info .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  generate   populating
truth:  generate   info

test:  return the bracket for the given ndarray .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  returns the m of a matrix .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  given   parameterize
truth:  given   integers

test:  exception handler for technical exceptions .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  fixes the given message .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  returns the default group type for the group type .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  sends an email to the initiator of a schema .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   enumerator_list
truth:  send   confirmation

test:  add a deprecated options to an unused configuration .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  adds   utf-8
truth:  adds   argument

test:  create only mandlebrot from the input array .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  constructs   pulls
truth:  constructs   null

test:  makes environment variables from environment variable and proxy' .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  reads all images in a given path .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  reads   indicating
truth:  reads   images

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   emit
truth:  remove   access

test:  convert a non figure to a file .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  convert   cleaning
truth:  convert   matrix

test:  pick and default templates for a loop into different loop and default disk .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  build   derive
truth:  build   templates

test:  load named entry from the specified by name .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  return true if the given name is ignored .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  determine   fake
truth:  determine   load

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of test values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   localize
truth:  given   reference

test:  return iterator over the iterator that yields the iterator of data from a response .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  raises invalid if the specified activity exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  raises   pulls
truth:  raises   null

test:  launch the specified host .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  authenticates   allocate
truth:  authenticates   user

test:  returns the base type for the given name and type .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm network device cli example: .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  get paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   listen
truth:  get   key

test:  element-wise shape of a tensor .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  extract all flags from a future .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  return   translates
truth:  return   flags

test:  returns true if and only if the object provided .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  this function is used to check if we want to check for roundtrip .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the csort output of obj .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  sorting   reported
truth:  sorting   function

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  return   transliterate
truth:  return   variable

test:  test basic macro expansion .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   fill
truth:  split   pathname

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  returns the resolver .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  arg   dtype
truth:  arg   arg

test:  return the cache object .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  caching   maps
truth:  caching   locations

test:  list all the themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  returns the list of results from a debug file .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  get   resample
truth:  get   directories

test:  formats a group of items to amount of strings like ~/ .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  convert   rising
truth:  convert   group

test:  this is a decorator that checks for use in a response to a list of credentials according to the target in a global dictionary .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  repeat arrays along an axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  repeat   eliminates
truth:  repeat   elements

test:  return the package that belong to a package .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  determine   simplifies
truth:  determine   packages

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  renders   storing
truth:  renders   template

test:  parse the server/portal restart status .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  parse   clones
truth:  parse   server

test:  notify a retweet event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   pulls
truth:  notify   null

test:  append the text to the literal scope for the literal .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  append   supports
truth:  append   text

test:  get the version of the package .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  get the name of a clsid with the given clsid .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  reads an encoded header .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   assume
truth:  read   header

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  formats a time .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   disables
truth:  formats   datetime

test:  plist : simple_stmt | ruleitem | testlist single-commodity | ruleitem .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  pulls   quoting
truth:  pulls   comma

test:  return list of fields given path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  return   flow
truth:  return   fields

test:  reset the specified module .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  resets   pulls
truth:  resets   null

test:  return the best host for the given host based on the given url .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  generates and generate a random tmp file for its name .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  install this package if not installed .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  mark   work
truth:  mark   install

test:  gets an array of objects in the given module .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  returns   tear
truth:  returns   module

test:  verify that the supplied cypher matches the private key .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  verifies   shared
truth:  verifies   string

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is associated with the current session .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a -tuple .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   restrict
truth:  coerce   array

test:  close child file descriptor .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  run commands using subprocess .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  show   offset
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator to make sure a function is only a runs .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  write a tree representation of a stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  write   switch
truth:  write   list

test:  return boolean series/array whether given pattern/regex is a string in the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   decide
truth:  find   groups

test:  returns all the already space between points and replace it as |c1| .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  generate   lookup
truth:  generate   speed

test:  returns the markup filter name .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  gets the user settings for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  gets   solve
truth:  gets   settings

test:  load compiler from parent .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  load an object from the given file path .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator to ensure active during the regular expression .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  drops   shutdown
truth:  drops   tables

test:  reads dropbox .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  page rendered by template but with test .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  rendered   storing
truth:  rendered   template

test:  return the the inputs given the inputs of the inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  runs   figure
truth:  runs   inputs

test:  extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   bench
truth:  extracts   value

test:  test that a new sample is posted correctly .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  visualize   declared
truth:  visualize   samples

test:  return true if the user is a contributor filter .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return the string representation of the given data .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  parse an event .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the deprecated titles for a given name .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  return html section of the section to be used in the views .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   alignment
truth:  return   section

test:  return the current class object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  decorator for checks the decorated function using the provided decorator .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  pulls   promoted
truth:  pulls   subclasses

test:  wait for a lock to be reached .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  pulls   constructs
truth:  pulls   lock

test:  generates a dict of registering of the current draw and 754 matrices for the given reference .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  wait for a process to be attached in the given queue .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   shed
truth:  given   exception

test:  return if the project can be create or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  define a static resource from a static document .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   thinks
truth:  test   issue

test:  parses a neighbor or set of connectivity that are consistent in sequence .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  compute   cleaning
truth:  compute   matrix

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  convert a path such that it will be consumed by pil .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   wanted
truth:  convert   filename

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  initialize the cli example: .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  used   config_modified
truth:  used   imports

test:  delete the minion if it exists .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  utility method of binary .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  converts a penn to the mime type of matrices .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  make   initalize
truth:  make   k

test:  return a list of ports and security groups the available port on the current logical port .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  get   responds
truth:  get   database

test:  sci the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   forwards
truth:  set   image

test:  validate the password for our password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   been
truth:  validate   format

test:  convert obj like 5 to a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  run unit tests .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  return the [--yes] address on the system .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  returns   trailing
truth:  returns   flag

test:  get the face class for an object .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   copy

test:  generator which yields multiple urls for the provided user .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  get the content of markdown of markdown text .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  unescapes   supports
truth:  unescapes   text

test:  handles the first two nodes in a string .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  enforce   test
truth:  enforce   split

test:  converts a list of unique values to the display rate from the next two float chunk :rtype: string .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  compute bounding-box for a image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test uninstalling a package which defines its dependencies .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   pass
truth:  creates   document

test:  writes a file and write to a file .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  identify   cutting
truth:  identify   writer

test:  test that the 383: function works as expected .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  ensure that its possible to pretty print out .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter from request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  return   filtered
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate the uniform order statistic in a vector .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  pulls   attached
truth:  pulls   statistic

test:  adds two or more mappings to the provided mappings .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  add   shifted
truth:  add   units

test:  splits an array into multiple indices of points in the list of slices .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   restrict
truth:  split   array

test:  decode unicode string from unicode .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  like   reported
truth:  like   function

test:  get the list of all the receivers connections this utility function allows us to be created .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  decorator used to processor the content of a content for backwards compatibility between a row or content for backwards .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  confusion matrix of a given document .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  returns   accessing
truth:  returns   performance

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  return the unicode character that could be used as markdown .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  render   pass
truth:  render   document

test:  do any work necessary to prepare a jid .
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   rect
truth:  do   work

test:  execute the logging evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  the http api defines a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  build a template tag for the given kind .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generates   labeled
truth:  generates   file

test:  do some injected validation .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   request
truth:  log   control

test:  change every config to use this resource .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  enables   emit
truth:  enables   access

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  takes   executed
truth:  takes   dictionary

test:  test plotting .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  test   decorating
truth:  test   log

test:  multiply the given expression with the new shape and add it to the size of the stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   pulls
truth:  fix   null

test:  test grouping structure .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  output   parsed
truth:  output   widgets

test:  runs the given command to get the proper arguments .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   barcodes
truth:  run   http

test:  find unique columns .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   pandas
truth:  find   columns

test:  pads a padded out to a multiple of block_size bytes .
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  apply   visit
truth:  apply   padding

test:  returns a string tag tag .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  get the lannouncer notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  return   undoes
truth:  return   routes

test:  expand a list of factors to a list of factors .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor filled with samples drawn from a np .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   providing
truth:  returns   tensor

test:  creates an atom for the read_user_dict .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  processes   access
truth:  processes   url

test:  get the current timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   statsd
truth:  get   timeout

test:  return an audio clip that is first mute .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   evaluate
truth:  return   clip

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  generate all the :class:dirmovedevent models for all the models listed in the given rst .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  return a file path relative to the package and return the file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  lists quota usage by the specified resource and either the tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  create a task that enables runs a certain port on vlan tags in a certain port .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  open file with mode and return a wrapped version of filename .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   removes
truth:  open   gzip

test:  expand the standard deviation into the mean of the standard deviation .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  returns   record
truth:  returns   deviation

test:  doctest for testing template module .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   tear
truth:  doctest   module

test:  list own own own own .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  ticketstatus delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   centers
truth:  extract   labels

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  return the data for the requested output .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the given members from the group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  a decorator that marks the t for the distributed server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  add an xml tree to the list of lines between blank lines and tree .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  add   optdict
truth:  add   lines

test:  return the istree for an object .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  predicate   remounts
truth:  predicate   obj

test:  leaves transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   implementing
truth:  enters   management

test:  return a signal .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  use this to check if the penalty is a default .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  input   injects
truth:  input   utility

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  load a movie file from a movie .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  load   assemble
truth:  load   movie

test:  return the shortcut associated with a shortcut .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  attempt to simplify a command and capture output .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  add the given number of characters to the beginning of characters .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  indent   reported
truth:  indent   function

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  add a tenant to the flavor access for the given tenant .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  returns a dict of zpool available on this minion cli example: .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  provide   undo
truth:  provide   grains

test:  replace the end of the module with a certain of the backends .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   enhanced
truth:  release   object

test:  get the current user for a db .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the eq-3 ble thermostats .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  delete an attribute record on the instance .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   bench
truth:  delete   value

test:  change source string flags .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  change   translates
truth:  change   flags

test:  return the version of the pyzmq currently installed .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  unserialize json data of a specified content-type .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  add   surrounding
truth:  add   processor

test:  require a opkg package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   looping
truth:  require   node

test:  use the same algorithm to return if the kex disjunction is valid .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  like _varintdecoder() but additionally invokes modify_value on every fixed and return it .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a string containing a list of bytes that can be used to store the of: .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  return   unmarshalling
truth:  return   sizes

test:  return true if widgets is allowed to access strings .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  return image to load a image from image parameters img1 : str file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  pulls   demo
truth:  pulls   sobel

test:  returns the name of the script without the extension .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  returns the value of a fallback config file .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return an random string with random characters .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   guvectorize
truth:  generates   oauth

test:  aborts ports from the result it has a duplicate ports .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  pulls   coupling
truth:  pulls   target

test:  escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  escape   access
truth:  escape   url

test:  a decorator to save the docstring to the method .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  pulls   restore
truth:  pulls   cdf

test:  returns a multi-dimensional structure with the given shape and iterations of zeros .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  iterate   homebrew_packages
truth:  iterate   structure

test:  get the double value of text after the first character in the dot .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  same as a[b] = b .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  expand sequences into individual data .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  return all lines of a line in a given line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  return a tuple containing the paths names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  templates the size of the field .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  extract   sparks
truth:  extract   number

test:  send a request to the postgres server .
truth: index handler . 
test:  index   lets
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a linear differential equation using a given function .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  solve   estimates
truth:  solve   squares

test:  decorator to add a function to the default size of a test class .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  set location of a location .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  sets   transliterate
truth:  sets   variable

test:  return a dictionary consisting of the keys in the argument dictionaries .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  merge   svn
truth:  merge   dicts

test:  create a user if a user exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  this function is called to import .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  pulls   customized
truth:  pulls   salt

test:  cast to none or json so that it is none .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  list the principal policies for the specified principal .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   isolate
truth:  list   policies

test:  returns true if filename is visible from staff .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns string containing the keywords depending on its keywords .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  retrieve   results
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  returns the hash for a given field on a given precision .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  is the row of a sparse matrix .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  running   flip
truth:  running   python

test:  check if file is a rar .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  return the information for the named package(s) version .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  create a list of dictionaries containing a resource and return a list of all config properties for the provided gtk .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  is   presents
truth:  is   mapping

test:  routing area update reject section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  routing   alignment
truth:  routing   section

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic the main axes match .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  pulls   believe
truth:  pulls   spline

test:  create a new decorator that uses the decorated method of a class .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   bench
truth:  evaluate   value

test:  the main loop from gofmt and add a new cl that undoes an error to the gofmt environment .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  apply   sleep
truth:  apply   files

test:  export csv file .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  export   storing
truth:  export   template

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  return true if the current schedule is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  list   uploading
truth:  list   job

test:  install the specified service .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   search
truth:  install   d

test:  report that the given state was loaded .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  get the cluster id for the cluster with the given name .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gather all nested dictionaries from node this is a helper method where the first resolves to the node is useful for some chars .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  visit   looping
truth:  visit   node

test:  create a generic class to make the given name .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove invalid newlines from text .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  clean   comma
truth:  clean   whitespace

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   reproduces
truth:  get   loops

test:  convert a validator to true .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  test whether a path is a mount point .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   process_memory_map
truth:  test   buffers

test:  returns the requested content back in unicode .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   chown
truth:  run   loop

test:  initializes and returns a db instance from the database .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  initializes   responds
truth:  initializes   database

test:  return the configured ssh gateway for the configured ssh ssh to ssh ssh ssh .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   freezing
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return a figure instance for a matplotlib figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  get   localize
truth:  get   reference

test:  return a alembic alembic configured redis range .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  detects labels in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  constructs a sax from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  analyzes the document arguments: tex_root -- the tex path to the tex file or path to the tex .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  header   assume
truth:  header   header

test:  combine left .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  check for missing hyphen .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  deserialize any pickleable structure and sign it using the secret .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  deserialize   bench
truth:  deserialize   value

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  returns python objects for the given json string .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  return a list of the modules specified in the kivy database list .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  test first approximation of how many threads were modified .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator to support context creation error handling for other commands .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  function   unbinds
truth:  function   exceptions

test:  ensure privileges are valid .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  validate   theorem
truth:  validate   privileges

test:  run variables from a string to be enabled .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  outputs   generating
truth:  outputs   shell

test:  sets the browser status .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  quit   equate
truth:  quit   browser

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi cinderblockdeviceapi that tests the given cinderblockdeviceapi .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  initialize the sigmoid ledoit-wolf matrix .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  process the process and kill it in the background process .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  serialize the memory script to a collection of triples .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  creates   reallocation
truth:  creates   collection

test:  parses an http date format and returns the corresponding date .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 1 .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   evacuate
truth:  computes   precision

test:  check a repo and return a configurationerror with a break version .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  resolves   whitelisted
truth:  resolves   repo

test:  check whether the current line is complete and treated have complete .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generate the url of the rss file .
truth: process one link . 
test:  process   consisting
truth:  process   link

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  interface to git-reset(1)_ .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  print the summary of an alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  prints   generating
truth:  prints   shell

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using a finder version .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that the right reader works in case of shape are properly set to multiarg .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper function that returns true if the given fhandle parquet is valid .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  detect   assume
truth:  detect   header

test:  convert the integer to an integer .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  calculates histogram of a histogram of the image .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  split alignment alignment from the given region to find tab separated string .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  a test a url in a remote if a repo is an url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  removes the byte removing the reflector from the directory and their contents of the template .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  what a terrible failure! .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  runs a wsgi function as an scgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   reported
truth:  runs   function

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will log the coroutine that will log out of the task .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  make sure the size of a message are shown before the same response .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  get the login token .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  message to the topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  a shortcut for the author structure .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  format the master to export the master args: tags_list : the name of master to format returns: list of patches to export .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  pulls   works
truth:  pulls   selection

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merges   leaves
truth:  merges   dictionaries

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  test we download a mldata from the basic mldata .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  do the actual removal of back to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  do   login_required
truth:  do   removal

test:  this function returns a user can be called with an auth .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  returns   lets
truth:  returns   handler

test:  update the raw covariance matrix .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  deal   called
truth:  deal   proj

test:  reset the button/link attempts to the current log problem .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   empty
truth:  reset   attempts

test:  returns the path to the cache directory .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  finds   labeled
truth:  finds   file

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is an mri subject directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get a hash with the given positive arguments and if it is not available .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  frees a list of audio output device and returns the current output of that are available .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  helper function to start a routing /export file .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  returns   preloading
truth:  returns   host

test:  update the import of properties in the db .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  a decorator that acquires a thread on a messagingtimeout of a function .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  given   fixes
truth:  given   manager

test:  return a string to replace the characters of characters .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  function   inform
truth:  function   entry

test:  convert a string representation of bytes to an integer .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  function   zdt3
truth:  function   converts

test:  enable xss protected on a site by csp .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  start the server and run a udp modbus interface .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  benchmark the number of estimator .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  run   rounds
truth:  run   benchmark

test:  decorator that makes sure every argument passed in a unicode string is a unicode string only contains the first argument is a list .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  put a list of published posts into the template context .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   made
truth:  put   authors

test:  check that vars vars not include discrete variables parameters .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   guess
truth:  check   vars

test:  set a localectl .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  use   authorizes
truth:  use   command

test:  casts a factory method to an cast type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  determines   bootstraps
truth:  determines   callable

test:  checks that the given can type is valid .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  checks   hash
truth:  checks   flow

test:  pass a single source file or a new version of a path .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  test io for python bem .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   emulates
truth:  test   reading

test:  decorator that causes a function to be used in a class to support a function if it shares with the domain name this is a sane and display a particular
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  generate a stream class with the given error class .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  converts   batch
truth:  converts   code

test:  test extract_array validation .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  returns a hash of css selectors .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   multiprocessing
truth:  returns   css

test:  get the installable entry from a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  detect   teardown
truth:  detect   type

test:  list all zones .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  lists   resamples
truth:  lists   zones

test:  constructs a hash that contains no checksum in a string .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  does exp contain a safe node of the item at a 1-d .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  revert polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  compute   serve
truth:  compute   mod

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  checks barcodes of same length for dna checks for dna checks checks for dna selection in mapping file are passed to suppress __metaclass__ checks .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  generate all ruleitem of a sequence in an iterable .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  yield   tz_localize
truth:  yield   seq

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  calling   pulls
truth:  calling   null

test:  displays an email confirm user is logged in .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  pulls   based
truth:  pulls   address

test:  normalizes the string to a search_service_pb .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   simulating
truth:  normalize   input

test:  set decoded video format and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   video

test:  checks if a portage version is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  produce a zone .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  pulls   freezing
truth:  pulls   configuration

test:  create the process that contains stale character in the process .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return a base64 encoded string from a file .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  visualize   batch
truth:  visualize   code

test:  does the given code have any amount of code identifiers .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  detects   pulls
truth:  detects   null

test:  return a bilinear kernel optimization .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  get syntax color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   spyders
truth:  get   scheme

test:  looks to see if mdata-put is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  looks   fires
truth:  looks   mdata

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  takes an upgrade .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  upgrade   pulls
truth:  upgrade   null

test:  only work on solaris based systems .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  pulls   setting
truth:  pulls   systems

test:  check that handling of state gets correctly with same parameters and true .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  calls the :term:view function :returns: a url if the page isnt there .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  hashed master to slaveof a new instance .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  set   encapsulate
truth:  set   instance

test:  add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  parse the corner loop and store the layers .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  wait until a the specified timeout expires to finish .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  blocks   wake
truth:  blocks   msg

test:  colorize ansi escape sequences .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  colorize   randomise
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  remove   forbid
truth:  remove   options

test:  return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  loads project for containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  load   raising
truth:  load   docker

test:  make matched text number matched by the matched text .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  make   turn
truth:  make   case

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  look through the buckets cache file and return a dict of all of the files found in the given bucket .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  looks   sleep
truth:  looks   files

test:  return an http rule object with the specified name and all rules .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  formatting   label
truth:  formatting   custom

test:  return true if the given node can be found .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  return   flattens
truth:  return   output

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns true if promo is a datetime .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  print out the datum file and height matching the user .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  prints signal handler to stderr .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a group type .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   shrink
truth:  delete   specs

test:  run a cluster list verbose .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  return   joins
truth:  return   cluster

test:  list installed perl modules cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  given a payload name .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   mount
truth:  wait   task

test:  convert a string after padding or unicode character it is an integer .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  save playlists .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  save   forwards
truth:  save   image

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  a helper function for outputs the gui that checks the date/time format to a candidate .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  run a shell command .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  exception handler for l{safe_repr} .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a dict describing changes to changes made and changes to the highest changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  format   loads
truth:  format   changes

test:  parses review events to get the libcloud events .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  it should correctly extract background steps from the background tag .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  just returns the generalized generalized seqs of a linearly operator .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  checks   identify
truth:  checks   alignment

test:  basic %%file should not cause a string .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  return a formatted document from a provided resource .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  if key is present in dict kw .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  sgi image library .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  set proxy configuration facts if not already present in facts dict dict: args: facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated facts if they were
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  set   object
truth:  set   facts

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   downloading
truth:  declare   package

test:  returns true if a process with pid is running under .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  view function to display a list of entities from an api search .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  displaying   understemmed
truth:  displaying   results

test:  test to make sure that the html column column columns if the expected column was not in the previous column column 2) if the html line passed to a valid
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  redirect to project/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  redirect   replace
truth:  redirect   create

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the number of sequences used to check the disk size .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  turn   hover
truth:  turn   bytes

test:  return path to job file .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  a decorator for concrete memoize on a method .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns taxa table for permissions that are not shared otu_map1 .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  opens   pulls
truth:  opens   null

test:  yield a file or a url that can be deleted on a given resource .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  yield   labeled
truth:  yield   file

test:  get an instance of a specific server .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  load   encapsulate
truth:  load   instance

test:  a context manager that silences the target when various .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  convert   capturing
truth:  convert   error

test:  returns a list of all available auth found in the given auth type .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  find   link
truth:  find   factory

test:  try to find out git version .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  try   unparsing
truth:  try   git

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   import
truth:  maps   summary

test:  generate a private key for a private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  returns an initialized proxyconfig for the specified proxy .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   xlsx
truth:  add   query

test:  test specific getting to issue between kwarg and xml type .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a json dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   debugging
truth:  convert   dataset

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  when passed item or translate .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  update   translates
truth:  update   flags

test:  makes a response from an application .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the highest version of a project .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  update   tile
truth:  update   information

test:  enumerator_list : external_declaration .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  return a relative url from a matplotlib module .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  extract the volume info from the volume .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  pulls   populating
truth:  pulls   info

test:  ensure that ago is assigned to the correct set .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  run a single process .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  get the list of availability ids for the given region code .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  retrieve   relabel
truth:  retrieve   availability

test:  options to pass to the emrjobrunner .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  square-free part of f in gf(p)[x] for its square-free representation .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  try to run a package using pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   instantiate
truth:  return   arguments

test:  returns a tuple of the occurrences of the current linux distribution .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  list   unmap
truth:  list   descriptors

test:  return the name of the enumerated registered with the given name .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  a decorator to add a function to the method of the assign node .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  compute an initial state zi for the data specified by factors .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  filter   overriding
truth:  filter   dimension

test:  test the compatibility of the current python module .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  prints the header line in the given line .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  format   converted
truth:  format   block

test:  undo configuration for a certain configuration returns false if no system is true .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  undo   loads
truth:  undo   changes

test:  function for displaying expression representations with string and make it the string converted to a regular expression .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  call priority of python command with arguments .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  parse a stream out of text and return a tuple .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  look   barcodes
truth:  look   http

test:  wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necesary .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  wraps   shared
truth:  wraps   string

test:  computes the unnormalized unnormalized between probability and mu .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   named
truth:  returns   z

test:  format a safe for one or more references of a assertmsg .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  format   randomise
truth:  format   message

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   pulls
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne pil@testing .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   fragment
truth:  test   report

test:  runs the one-line command line application .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  runs   initialize
truth:  runs   importer

test:  returns the node name .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  get an rrset with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an third key .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  returns   instanticates
truth:  returns   releases

test:  return contiguous array of text: the contiguous array .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create and return the result of osc osc .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  create   randomise
truth:  create   message

test:  find and print a known file .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  compute the degree of f and flags .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  return   preface
truth:  return   degree

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  return the python implementation of all the configuration files .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  return   cover
truth:  return   weight

test:  compares versions for available package and versions .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compares   returned
truth:  compares   numbers

test:  estimate the var limits of an array operates on certain variables parameters limits : ndarray array of integer limits .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  start   decide
truth:  start   groups

test:  returns time in seconds since epoch of months represented by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  returns   suppresses
truth:  returns   seconds

test:  returns the last part of a tail string .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  split a string like <ctrl-x> but for parameters .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return the number of initial number formatted for a specific locale .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   unpause
truth:  remove   elasticache

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  compute normalized phase for rotation matrix .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  helper that splits a string into a python value table .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  convert   caused
truth:  convert   return

test:  read a byte string from a list of bytes .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
truth: always load . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  add a unique id to msg .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  create a new instance access .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  takes a certain string and returns an instance of the request .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  configures an explicit audio output .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  selects   tear
truth:  selects   module

test:  test that double hash paragraph gets same as another requirements .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  raises a string if it is not a binary string .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  given a list of versions .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  have   applying
truth:  have   placeholder

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   support
truth:  formats   time

test:  return true if data is a text string .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return a list of absolute path drawn from the users sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  unpause   del
truth:  unpause   gcode

test:  returns purchase rate of serial and forwards as a function .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns a prefixloader .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  reset the plugin backends .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  attempt   indexes
truth:  attempt   snapshot

test:  returns the fgraph of a graph of *exprs of a univariate graph that has a cycle of the inputs of *exprs .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  transform   minimize
truth:  transform   theano

test:  return the unicode representation of a unicode string .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  computes the circular variance of the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  return the certificates of a trust certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  gzip encoded data -> gzip data decode data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  detect decorator for the given function type .
truth: function type . 
test:  function   teardown
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  pulls   renew
truth:  pulls   indent

test:  returns a metadef resource list .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  setup the log for this test .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  make   broken
truth:  make   syslog

test:  get the tl for the file at a specified relative path .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return a user-agent .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  sends   maintain
truth:  sends   mail

test:  unload all of the tensor in an iterable .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  pulls   colorized
truth:  pulls   context

test:  this method creates the rest api that will be used to ensure that the timestamps will be called by the user in the model .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  return a list of regions for the given language .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  wrap a zeromq connection to the postgres server .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  show the details of a scaleway baremetal server .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  get   stderr
truth:  get   machine

test:  returns a prefix based on the python type of the passing the appropriate type .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  make console output .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   pulls
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  performs an contructs resource on a given uri .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  return   trimmed
truth:  return   uri

test:  get the parent of a model from the pool or raise exception if an sqlite3 context .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  returns   fetches
truth:  returns   parent

test:  check if a model is a projection level .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the checksum for a package .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  return   tell
truth:  return   signature

test:  gets the text that was detected in the image .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  gets   supports
truth:  gets   text

test:  adds the specified vm to the vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  pulls   hostname
truth:  pulls   vm

test:  write the mariadb file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   pinned_array
truth:  output   execution

test:  write items to standard output .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  append   enhance
truth:  append   items

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the value of the series views in the moving coordinate is farther than three 3 to each part of the series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  pulls   constructed
truth:  pulls   timeseries

test:  return hosts and in-network from __builtin__ .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  get the spherical vector3 unit angle from 1 .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a dict of language names for a given language .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  returns   advance
truth:  returns   title

test:  return the file from the given filename .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return a python object for unproxy class .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  remove file or file for a given file .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  get pillar output .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  view to create a sample of a document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  extract   contructs
truth:  extract   sample

test:  retrieves the cinder backup for this request .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  connect to aws kms :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   implementing
truth:  connect   management

test:  test unittest gui .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  import all submodules and make them available in a module .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   rel_path
truth:  import   submodules

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  expose   reported
truth:  expose   function

test:  return a list of resources with the provided row and their names .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  rows   track
truth:  rows   top

test:  read text from file return content .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  reads   pulls
truth:  reads   null

test:  returns first n items of the iterable as a list .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  convert the provided rst to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  renders   digs
truth:  renders   html

test:  helper function to check if a function has a scope value .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  checks   overlay
truth:  checks   func

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  read an ipv6 address from binary or ipv6 address .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  create a png object for testing .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  given   restrict
truth:  given   array

test:  coupling with the default input convolution .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   overrides
truth:  coupling   channel

test:  check to see if f is valid .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  returns   added
truth:  returns   p

test:  create an account .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  pulls   autoreleased
truth:  pulls   types

test:  yaml: build-user-vars execute a matrix or patch on builds .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  read a filename based on the buffer passed to the buffer .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  reconstruct   usage_key_string
truth:  reconstruct   view

test:  set ip address of the config file .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  check a result method with correct version and possible .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  checks   forms
truth:  checks   result

test:  return the single stack for useless members that are visible .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  remove   r^2
truth:  remove   form

test:  return a boolean of whether each string in the series/index ends with occurrences of the series/index .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return greyscale morphological filter of an image .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  noise   saving
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an :musicbrainz:isrc .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   fits
truth:  search   recordings

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   ip
truth:  return   paths

test:  this script is used to generate a separate api call .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  setup   pads
truth:  setup   stubs

test:  generate a newline at the given position of a series of integer takes tuple of integer or *n* .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   pulls
truth:  draw   null

test:  test the base class for pip show versioned files .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  expect   simplifies
truth:  expect   packages

test:  utility function to take a list of strings by name and attempts .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  return   gauss
truth:  return   strings

test:  retrieve user added to fancyarrowpatch .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  simple doc service result .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  view   polishing
truth:  view   celery

test:  get geometry output by interpolationoffset .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  apply the filters for the specified query .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  apply   printing
truth:  apply   locale

test:  download an archive for a given request .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  function to emulate the distance between the vectors samples in the model .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  expected   rrmgr
truth:  expected   threshold

test:  write fiducials to a .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  send a test to test the status of a test filename .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  send   mounted
truth:  send   end

test:  test application info .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   tile
truth:  test   information

test:  extract the launchpad teams namespace uri and message .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  extract   guessing
truth:  extract   namespace

test:  extract variables from step .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  pulls   hanging
truth:  pulls   variables

test:  save line tags: .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  respond   assure
truth:  respond   challenge

test:  list all tables of a given dataset .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  list   debugging
truth:  list   dataset

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  add   shared
truth:  add   string

test:  returns the progress progress information for the given raw .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  get   monkeypatches
truth:  get   bar

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if the object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  return an instance of a team .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  builds the object spec object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   simulate
truth:  builds   spec

test:  copies the file system on the partition <from-minor> to partition <to-minor> .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  removes   sparks
truth:  removes   number

test:  return a list of virtual host via rabbitmqctl list_vhosts cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   isolate
truth:  return   policies

test:  only load this module if heat is installed .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  fake version of upload .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  fakes   persist
truth:  fakes   upload

test:  returns the fermat integer n of n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  pulls   pocsuite
truth:  pulls   n

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  extended   alignment
truth:  extended   section

test:  find the optimal row of a random row and return a list of all possible bits .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  calculate   populating
truth:  calculate   info

test:  test key_dependency validator .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   pipe
truth:  test   validator

test:  export the gcode text from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   plan
truth:  export   profile

test:  return the current file-like object returns: a byte string representing a file .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  create a directory containing all the absolute paths of the top-level directories .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  create   configured
truth:  create   tree

test:  start the cci instance and return 0 if successful .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  stop   encapsulate
truth:  stop   instance

test:  parse a string of ticket and return a tuple of its ticket representation .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  given   randomise
truth:  given   message

test:  return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  returns the user based on the authenticated user .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  get   forwards
truth:  get   image

test:  only load if the influxdb08 module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  creates a new feed object for the site settings .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  creates   urlencode
truth:  creates   item

test:  filter all autoscale autoscale handlers within filters .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  pass   obj
truth:  pass   filters

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  generator to walk a stream of python files .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  yield   unlocking
truth:  yield   source

test:  computes autocovariance covariance matrix for linear models .
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   read
truth:  compute   variance

test:  test either if an error is raised while a wrong type of nn is given .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return the python version tuple as a tuple of strings .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  setup the sonarr sensor platform .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  pastel approximation to pastel each frame .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  helper method to traverse a dict and return an ordered list of lists .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  traverse   switch
truth:  traverse   list

test:  user edit .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   customized
truth:  create   salt

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write all registered js and coffee files .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   receiving
truth:  write   js

test:  creates an http client object .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  adds a value to the provided parser .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  is   pending
truth:  is   default

test:  reload the csf configuration .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  restart   embedded
truth:  restart   example

test:  updates list of email addresses .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  generates the current sample data for the given protocol .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generate   declared
truth:  generate   samples

test:  will open the next code for the given regex .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  pulls   dst
truth:  pulls   c

test:  extract translatable messages from a document tree .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  return a random port number that can be available on localhost .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  get   receives
truth:  get   port

test:  logs out user and desktop .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logout   lets
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read length bytes from a file .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  return a list of pids of two or more pids that are given in the system .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  clone a vdi and returns the reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clones   rollback
truth:  clones   vdi

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a powerlaw distribution .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  generate an hotp .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flatten a nested list of strings .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  builds an http state object .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  composes   bench
truth:  composes   value

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  helper method to return a valid service along a given host .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  recursively convert an object to a list of dicts .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  emulate   calculating
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  is the path to the typeerror binary for the executable available .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   retweet
truth:  return   pass

test:  check if v is installed .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return a filter request for all of the modules in the given pattern .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  filter   optdict
truth:  filter   lines

test:  set a link to a palette .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  set   detects
truth:  set   color

test:  n344 - dont use mutable .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   pulls
truth:  -   null

test:  retrieve the configured users groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   generate
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  manages the results from call_queue and set the call queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  return graph .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  render   publish
truth:  render   graph

test:  returns a new unicode string .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  condense a string for inclusion in a template .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  remove   small_stmts
truth:  remove   line

test:  returns a sanity check on the minimal parameter .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  check   thinks
truth:  check   issue

test:  generate lists of systemd command to find the target in the systemd .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  generate   small_stmts
truth:  generate   line

test:  returns the argument after mintracklength .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   flashes
truth:  escape   characters

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  this is the future version of requirements .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  is   extract
truth:  is   version

test:  retrieve new user groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   decide
truth:  retrieve   groups

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  output the graph for html .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   digs
truth:  output   html

test:  shuffle a random new list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   switch
truth:  shuffle   list

test:  get the value of the server setting for the provided server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return the context_lines to use for various installed files .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  pulls   input_bytes
truth:  pulls   installation

test:  login handler for the specified user .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  take   relying
truth:  take   login

test:  print the given data in the given string .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  forgot username to email .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  look   text
truth:  look   username

test:  parse a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   unquoting
truth:  parse   environment

test:  given a directory under a given name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the reviewer endpoint for the active reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  returns   spawns
truth:  returns   endpoint

test:  redirect to a url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  raise a message if it has a rest one .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  change frequency of the given m to to_r .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   ban
truth:  return   probability

test:  check if the user is admin for this group .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  is   allocate
truth:  is   user

test:  returns the current underlying local seconds since the epoch .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  show the list of available tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  returns   drawing
truth:  returns   tags

test:  return the gateway object details that is provided in act .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  return   restart
truth:  return   account

test:  get the line of a certain line in a pair of catalog .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  look   named
truth:  look   z

test:  three linear unit .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  compute   uncheck
truth:  compute   element

test:  get source and its version .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  returns   mock
truth:  returns   translation

test:  returns a certificateinvalidation snippet for a graph .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  builds   skipped
truth:  builds   use

test:  converts a datetime object to a csl timestamp .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  given   disables
truth:  given   datetime

test:  checks that value is non-empty and of the right value .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  return a list of all continuation for constructing return .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  display   currents
truth:  display   state

test:  this method returns true if the key exists in the registry .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  check   listen
truth:  check   key

test:  returns true if received server provided .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns an instance of a loaded password hasher .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   induce
truth:  deprecated   testing

test:  computes the cumulative distribution of a sequence of mapped distribution .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  quantize   threshold
truth:  quantize   distribution

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  display the command line switch .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  parse   retrive
truth:  parse   checks

test:  if the function by the key but not modified .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  check that the left and right sparseseries are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the file from the gcode text as a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  write   smooth
truth:  write   vector

test:  test with an issue containing the viewport with the viewport caret .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   digs
truth:  test   html

test:  warn() should print warning plus given text .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   labeled
truth:  -   file

test:  a decorator for memoizing function calls url .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  defines   float
truth:  defines   decorator

test:  clean up the system of kills things .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  return   mounts
truth:  return   objects

test:  strategy for _make_nxm .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  pulls   terminate
truth:  pulls   password

test:  gets the most common accidentally user for the specified {}params .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  check for a string or bytes this is a valid 2 .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checks for a directive token .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get the processname rendered and the input widget .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  with_settings() should temporarily override other dict managers with given key/value pairs .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  builds list of names to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  builds   protects
truth:  builds   args

test:  bin bin instance .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  returns   transcribe
truth:  returns   ssl

test:  add a mock to the hadoop .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  remove content from the provided content if it exists and returns the certificate id .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  return   retuned
truth:  return   revisions

test:  executes an api method call and returns the response object .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  executes   drops
truth:  executes   call

test:  fill a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  fill   supports
truth:  fill   text

test:  with a new i .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the cache dir for this application .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  return package version as listed in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  print the stack trace into a file .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  dump   applied
truth:  dump   trace

test:  return the path to a given package .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  look   restoring
truth:  look   data

test:  remove a container name container name or id remove the container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   satisfy
truth:  remove   container

test:  parameter_declaration : parameter_declaration .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  give a linear neural on the fitnesses between the fitnesses is a manually .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  update   sparks
truth:  update   number

test:  checks the response using a certain api_key .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  catch   allow
truth:  catch   conditions

test:  generate a random string with alpha and bad characters .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  adds a user to the group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  convert a zero indexed row and column cell reference to a a1 style string .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   localize
truth:  convert   reference

test:  read and return the given time .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   support
truth:  read   time

test:  returns true if there are holiday for the specified date .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the exit code of a layer .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  clears the zipimport cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  clear   unescaped
truth:  clear   entries

test:  return the architecture for the given url .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  compare   talking
truth:  compare   dict

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  find the serial number of serial chunks into serial enabled .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  returns true if given password is a valid protocol timestamp .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  checks   terminate
truth:  checks   password

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   confine
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation for the given project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  count the graph in jit json format .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  login handler .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   bring
truth:  renders   page

test:  adds a user to a group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  decrypt a data with the given cipher .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  decrypts   restoring
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  enable or disable gui mode .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  tell   chew
truth:  tell   service

test:  return a list of all tests for the given input file .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  get   prettyprint
truth:  get   examples

test:  returns a formatted status code to be used for validity an instance .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  pulls   point
truth:  pulls   status

test:  get a list of lexers that have all the same filename as :py:func:parsedotval does not load them in the given filename .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  get   unlocks
truth:  get   lexer

test:  combine two images .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  blend   rescanning
truth:  blend   weights

test:  returns the string - close to the given function .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns a json representation of the given queryset and pipeline .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  rolls back a transaction .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  like python 2 .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  used to mark a function as deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetch a certificate from the provider .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  builds   enhanced
truth:  builds   object

test:  return the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  return   tokens
truth:  return   union

test:  return a datetime for a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  patch config on a particular section .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  patch   tear
truth:  patch   module

test:  extracts the given query string from the given an http response id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  setup the gpsd sources on switch platform .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return true if the preserves succeeds .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  return   saved
truth:  return   average

test:  this group group to make unit testing easier .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  set   search
truth:  set   d

test:  enforce html escaping .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strip   drawing
truth:  strip   tags

test:  return the facility user .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieves the full database from the mysql server via the %s database .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  return   fails
truth:  return   databases

test:  add the begin and begin text if any xml tag is a text and the inner text .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   redraw
truth:  add   begin

test:  returns a list of user suggestions to .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  decorator that turns a method into a testcases space after each function in a method call .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  save a job to the job .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  pulls   builds
truth:  pulls   minion

test:  recursively sort keys to the dict .
truth: from url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  pulls   enter
truth:  pulls   serializer

test:  gets the given starting .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse counters from a filter history .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   flattening
truth:  parse   field

test:  insert a key into the environ environment variable .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   consisting
truth:  add   link

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   unpause
truth:  list   elasticache

test:  mark a file-like option if it exists .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  checks   listen
truth:  checks   key

test:  return relative helper of case instances of the given derivative point .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  check   reported
truth:  check   function

test:  return a namedtuple of free out of a namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  parse   modifies
truth:  parse   cmd

test:  returns people following user if none .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  return the matrix where the counts need to be extracted from codon .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  count   tweak
truth:  count   replacement

test:  provides vmadm only on smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   pulls
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   pulls
truth:  s   null

test:  return the timezone in both a fixed offset string .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  returns true if the word is a short word .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  pulls   carve
truth:  pulls   word

test:  test source operator .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  test   array
truth:  test   computation

test:  generate an object for testing purposes .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  returns the maximum structure of the entropy topic after the son topic .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  a decorator that makes the method call to get a method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  turns   enhanced
truth:  turns   object

test:  marks volume types or raise if it does not exist or has hosts .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  marks   autoreleased
truth:  marks   types

test:  return true if path is an encrypted encrypted path .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  desktop backend should have all es names .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  create flowgrams file .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  build   forces
truth:  build   flowgrams

test:  get a helper object by id .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  look   partitions
truth:  look   category

test:  adds a max pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   fonts
truth:  adds   layer

test:  start the shell command and return the output of it .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  run   modifies
truth:  run   cmd

test:  open an open file by name .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  a generator which yields all embedded tuples of a collection of indices .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  applies   identifies
truth:  applies   plugin

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   inform
truth:  accepts   entry

test:  delete a child zone entry .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   start
truth:  delete   zone

test:  helper method to grab a single video file .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  check   reply
truth:  check   representations

test:  pack encoding to a binary string .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  pack   enhanced
truth:  pack   object

test:  makes sure a method is not imported correctly .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  fix   step
truth:  fix   names

test:  extracts the given list of users from a given disk .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  given   negate
truth:  given   resource

test:  decorator for debugging cased method .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  unwraps   reported
truth:  unwraps   function

test:  generate a mime message for response .
truth: convert response . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  return the nomalized ratio for each individual ratio where the first dimension is specified .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   carry
truth:  perform   test

test:  returns the node for g at node g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  create   translated
truth:  create   g

test:  a release for validating a release to have a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  full test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   starts
truth:  test   nothing

test:  check whether the device is a pci device .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  validates if the given doc is overlap .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return boolean if the network in host is in this context .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  indicates   killed
truth:  indicates   network

test:  generative network to parameterize variational model .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  pulls   killed
truth:  pulls   network

test:  launches a local window using the given model + view .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  provides   logged
truth:  provides   dialog

test:  set the number of days of the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   sparks
truth:  set   number

test:  play media manager from media list .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  return   fixes
truth:  return   manager

test:  installs the virtual server if it isnt already installed .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   patch
truth:  install   requirement

test:  return a wrapper for calling images .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  get   link
truth:  get   factory

test:  main application script .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns whether the given collection should be used .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  checks   reallocation
truth:  checks   collection

test:  set a module config .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  initialize the function container .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  call   satisfy
truth:  call   container

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  dump the given clauseelement to a clean of indentation .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dump   configured
truth:  dump   tree

test:  create attachments for attachment note .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  create   blacklisted
truth:  create   attachments

test:  return a binop and a binop binding .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  compute   destroy
truth:  compute   dtype

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  alter the points that use the token .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setting a value to a configuration file cli example: .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  set   urlencode
truth:  set   item

test:  convert classified text to an kind of ansi colors .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  add   match
truth:  add   syntax

test:  escapes the tensorflow tensor .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  pulls   skipping
truth:  pulls   score

test:  set the necesary file .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  set   crop
truth:  set   directory

test:  convert an amount in string to an integer .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   reloads
truth:  converts   amount

test:  specifier_qualifier_list : external_declaration .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   reduced
truth:  start   cli

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  make sure the tag is in the path .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  validate and return a cpu policy .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  returns the name of timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   suggests
truth:  returns   timezone

test:  get the y intersection if it exists .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  for virt only .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  pulls   buckets
truth:  pulls   preference

test:  retrieve a user object by its username .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  return a generator of fastq file and end .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  filtering   locate
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove the characters and collapse spaces .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  removes   block
truth:  removes   chars

test:  convert a constant to either a constant or the matrix and return it .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  convert   attributes
truth:  convert   arrays

test:  the api endpoint to be used in the oauth buffer .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns true if there is a physical level .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  is   looping
truth:  is   node

test:  save the certificate to master icinga2 node .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   rounding
truth:  save   master

test:  search a query to a given type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  get   encapsulate
truth:  get   instance

test:  pre-process pre-process server into request .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  try   allocate
truth:  try   user

test:  like json .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  serialize   aliased
truth:  serialize   json

test:  publish an collection .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  return the total derivative of the logistic function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  deep copy the given clauseelement .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  copy   uncheck
truth:  copy   element

test:  this efficiently logs a list of absolute revision .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  fixes   decreases
truth:  fixes   documents

test:  returns the given value as a unicode string .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  does the given code have any code at the given line .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  returns   depth

test:  bounce all traffic server nodes on the local node .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   clones
truth:  bounce   server

test:  generic setattr() for @jitclass instances .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  pulls   map
truth:  pulls   implementation

test:  registered handler for oauth vector as vectors .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  returns   smooth
truth:  returns   vector

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  read a packet of the specified packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  object   link
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets from the scenario data .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   insert
truth:  return   targets

test:  delete a user cli example: .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  deletes   closed
truth:  deletes   rabbitmqctl

test:  games returns a generator that matches the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to text converter for markdown .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   override
truth:  makes   converter

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  calculates the value of a given context .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  cycle   exposes
truth:  cycle   values

test:  return a list of users with the system folders cli example: .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  list   emit
truth:  list   access

test:  add faces from faces to the parent table .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  return a suite from a package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  assemble   compiles
truth:  assemble   suite

test:  a decorator to check if the named service is enabled in the system .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  pulls   failing
truth:  pulls   style

test:  remove the given certificate from the datastore name the certificate to be removed .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  remove   producing
truth:  remove   certificate

test:  create a default logger object for usage by above .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   code
truth:  creates   logger

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  for each linter .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  escape string for use in <script> characters .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  check for pprint .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  prints   point
truth:  prints   status

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resizes   aligns
truth:  resizes   volume

test:  returns a list of all possible things that represent something in the input .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  wait for the specified status to respond to reach a status stream .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   point
truth:  wait   status

test:  parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  tries to figure out the version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  returns the given object of a given ids .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  selects the index of the given image distance between the least one token .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  mask   launch
truth:  mask   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  pulls   emits
truth:  pulls   definition

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns true if the system really supports ipv6 address .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   delayed
truth:  returns   ipv6

test:  deep copy the orm of an orm .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  remove   doing
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace warning .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  replace   eventlet
truth:  replace   warning

test:  return true if the object is defined: .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  recursively replace the values with all keys of data .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  get the bottom path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  convert arma population population population record for case thrift-546 symmetric system of arma process parameters ar : array_like comparison : array_like obj_name obj_name : array_like .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  return the path relative to the filename .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return a list of installed models for all installed models for all models in the given table .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  gets   lstrip
truth:  gets   set

test:  setup the demo sensors .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  connect   based
truth:  connect   address

test:  get the plugin filenames of the file .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  convert a set of dictionaries to dicts .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  generate discovery docs for a
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   decreases
truth:  write   documents

test:  get a reference to a record in a given reference .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  retrive   stores
truth:  retrive   name

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   squared
truth:  returns   vms

test:  restful crud tasks and ids .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   decreases
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches the latest album by the musicbrainz id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  fetches   bytes
truth:  fetches   album

test:  check for db .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   dispatched
truth:  check   calls

test:  make sure that a user is logged in domains .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  ask   highlights
truth:  ask   update

test:  return a list of full paths for a path .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  bind an existing collection to the same log .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create user playlists .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  create   generate
truth:  create   users

test:  create a volumeservice wrapping a test suitable for use in tests .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  main function for validating demultiplexed fasta tree of x fasta input mapping .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  returns   substitute
truth:  returns   records

test:  test that we can load a file and print it to a new one .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  returns a compiled template object for the given template name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove duplicate index from block_device_mapping table .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  remove   regroup
truth:  remove   subsets

test:  setup the demo camera devices .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  matrix slice .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  clears the xmodule .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  fixture providing a history of the given object .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a vector of arrays into a vector of int64 labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  object__type decorator to add a trace to the trace of the data to the trace argument is added .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  wrap   float
truth:  wrap   decorator

test:  check if a file is a block level .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  handles the logs and stores the logs and the user information on the request .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  handles   knapsack
truth:  handles   request

test:  return a dict with the leftover web browser .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  create   roundrobin
truth:  create   application

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  pulls   forget
truth:  pulls   inverse

test:  returns a string representation of the section semantics .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  set the global rules .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  set   skipped
truth:  set   use

test:  return the native unicode string for the native string .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the api level .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  return   deconvolves
truth:  return   level

test:  generate a randomish uid that the specified uid .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return a list of disjoint sets of disjoint sets for a disjoint sequence of disjoint sets .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  return   regroup
truth:  return   subsets

test:  test traceback offset in %run .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  remove the given function from a function .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  attempt   constrained
truth:  attempt   functions

test:  invert a structuring element .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  change   limiting
truth:  change   order

test:  only work on apt-based platforms with macports .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   knapsack
truth:  set   request

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  collect all glib files for a given translations .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  return   b1
truth:  return   translations

test:  given a project and version in the package .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   poll
truth:  delete   versions

test:  example: when the env flag is formatted for the given class .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  set   force
truth:  set   kwargs

test:  recursively listens for ipython errors when all at(1) fix are loaded .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  fix   thinks
truth:  fix   issue

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  launch the checkout branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   logged
truth:  launch   dialog

test:  return a mongodb plugin .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete new file at the bottom of the file .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  delete   decimals
truth:  delete   storage

test:  creates an uninterpolated path relative to $bindir .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  join   ip
truth:  join   paths

test:  get a alarm alarm cli example: .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  get   revoked
truth:  get   details

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  get   been
truth:  get   format

test:  checks that the minimum dependencies are met and the same release/version .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   wheather
truth:  check   library

test:  clones a redis redis client .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  flush   compress
truth:  flush   db

test:  compute the string truthy/falsey of the value .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   bench
truth:  align   value

test:  lists the exact rois of a diff with the same name and optionally the lists of interest .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  apply   works
truth:  apply   selection

test:  tests that the submission quality are valid .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  pulls   boostrapping
truth:  pulls   timeline

test:  parses a pattern definition .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   printed
truth:  parses   pattern

test:  this method returns the range that is a range .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  create the admin group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  create   rising
truth:  create   group

test:  return true if the function is a unbound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list policies for all ret['policies'] .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  return the generator for all of the installed plugins which are present .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  retrieve   interpolated
truth:  retrieve   plugins

test:  sends a bunch of adding a category to the database tunnel running on delegates with the initial tunnel .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  synchronize   bounds
truth:  synchronize   table

test:  helper function to retrieve the number of available utc utc offset .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  get   known
truth:  get   utc

test:  yaml: runscope add a job when runscope a build fails to the build step will execute the job completes; this plugin against the jenkins with the user : none .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  runs the given warnings .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  return   unpublicizes
truth:  return   description

test:  test that the sum of pants and "agg+" are initialized by the last value of the gradient in the graph .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  check   landing
truth:  check   sum

test:  parse the json file and return the content of this file .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parses   install
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  gets a system for the application .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encode class or factory function .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  lookup   stacked
truth:  lookup   codec

test:  context manager for setting up processing and best-matching .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return inverse of the passed in exponential distribution .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  extracts the given option object from an http option .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get a path with each component the points .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  flush twisted in twisted time and open the feature in a course .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  validates that a command line argument passed in .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  look   forbid
truth:  look   options

test:  return a naive version of the given function .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  forces   reported
truth:  forces   function

test:  filter the edmonds-karp + magnitude .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove multiple float characters from the beginning of a string .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strips   flashes
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shutdown the connection to the daemon .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  coerce a view to a file .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the item size for the given list or buffer type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  return chunks of all lines in text .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   uploading
truth:  do   job

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  a decorator for deprecated functions and receive a deprecated version .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   reported
truth:  decorates   function

test:  back the jmx metadata .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  return tidy with html at_time and return the modification runner .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  run   digs
truth:  run   html

test:  returns true if the specified module has been imported in the cache .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  pulls   init
truth:  pulls   modules

test:  division of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently calculate the efficiently for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  compute   calculates
truth:  compute   vertex

test:  initializes the command line argument parser .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initializes   utf-8
truth:  initializes   argument

test:  update supported_locales information in a module .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   generate
truth:  print   users

test:  this count of the number of non-zero remainder in each feature of the input collection .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  retrieve all of the configured users .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   prefilled
truth:  retrieve   hosts

test:  return a dict mapping all job ids to job information .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  yield   restoring
truth:  yield   data

test:  read an object from a page .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  extract a new inventory inventory from the provided schema .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   adjust
truth:  extract   inventory

test:  convert a device to a filesystem .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  error   rectified
truth:  error   cuda

test:  move a scatter with constant operates on center batch .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  center   negotiate
truth:  center   loss

test:  test if freeze is listed in the path .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   deletes
truth:  test   pip

test:  fork off the process of a process .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  launch   prettify
truth:  launch   process

test:  produces a cuts .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  get networks hosts config in a provided network .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   prefilled
truth:  get   hosts

test:  update the local ca bundle file from a url .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  disable two points and redirect to their position .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of cliques of the given list of cliques .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  helper function to check if magic magic is valid .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the list of all the server names for this server .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  fetch   clones
truth:  fetch   server

test:  generate a sample file for a given filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  parse   instantiate
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  return the set of hdus in the redaction if no redaction is specified .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  return   holding
truth:  return   policy

test:  convert between two search output formats .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  create a fake polynomial to be used for testing the iteration of inputs .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  replace   simulating
truth:  replace   input

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  coil   del
truth:  coil   gcode

test:  return a valid process object with the given whitespace .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  process   shared
truth:  process   string

test:  inject resources that match the given resource name .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  pulls   bans
truth:  pulls   resources

test:  grab a user from ecommerce and acts as a succeeds .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  create   lits
truth:  create   basket

test:  get a list of hosts on a given path .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  doesnt segfault .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  force   inspect
truth:  force   eggs

test:  returns a nested group of a nested group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  build a new remotestatepersister that runs a given test .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  create   skipped
truth:  create   use

test:  produce a bare error .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   point
truth:  produce   status

test:  test subjectselector of source gui .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the absolute value for an absolute uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  return   spyders
truth:  return   scheme

test:  apply the assignment assignment and forward it into the reference specific .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  changes   pivoted
truth:  changes   place

test:  helper method to test the specified address .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  logs   open
truth:  logs   sections

test:  set the version number in the le file .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  tell   optimized
truth:  tell   script

test:  domain names tend to have .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   step
truth:  domain   names

test:  quantize the network to point of a 2-d graph using the matrix-vector left .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  quantize   contributed
truth:  quantize   t

test:  return a random string for the given locale name .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get a value from the rest interface .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  make a requests request to an http request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  pulls   unbinds
truth:  pulls   exceptions

test:  return the servers .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test that the batchnorm expect works ok .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   fonts
truth:  test   layer

test:  add polygon for cylindrical criterion .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  print a backup of all installed columns .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  list   subtracts
truth:  list   backups

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  function   scales
truth:  function   prints

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier_list type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  ensure a virtual storage exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  verify   labeled
truth:  verify   file

test:  try to find a executables tool .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  check   inquire
truth:  check   tool

test:  a handy helper function that recreates the full url as a repo that recreates the full path or parts of it .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  test the built-in module with a new icon icons .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  patch   init
truth:  patch   modules

test:  login handler - sets the global ui .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  converts a datetime to a unix timestamp .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  convert   childnodes
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   reveal
truth:  get   sequence

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   float
truth:  is   decorator

test:  build the version for the right version of the firefox .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  generates a function that returns a list of arguments .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  pulls   listing
truth:  pulls   inspect

test:  wait for a container to be available .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  wait   satisfy
truth:  wait   container

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  pulls   optimized
truth:  pulls   script

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   drawing
truth:  strips   tags

test:  generates an event list of :class:dirmovedevent and :class:filemovedevent objects .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  a single document to send it to a document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  restore   pass
truth:  restore   document

test:  rotate image 90 degrees request .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  like :func:dumps but returns a string containing the request: arguments for inclusion in a field .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   leaves
truth:  dump   dictionaries

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  slope a linear line with a partial star .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  fits   small_stmts
truth:  fits   line

test:  returns the list of formats for a given formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  return true if the given url is valid .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  pulls   preload
truth:  pulls   content

test:  calculate new tweet .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  loads an image from the given file .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  decodes   restoring
truth:  decodes   data

test:  get series .
truth: search series . 
test:  search   renders
truth:  search   series

test:  generate points of points and direction f_0 .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  yield   algorithm
truth:  yield   points

test:  flush the dscl connection between the minion .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   eliminating
truth:  flush   cache

test:  given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   labeled
truth:  given   file

test:  application information section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  renders the template for a template that doesnt contain the authenticated user .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  a view that expects a post .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  return   r^2
truth:  return   form

test:  a step decorator for step that dont consider an exception .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  make   unquoting
truth:  make   environment

test:  a decorator to passive a function to passive the handler .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return all defined networks .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  finds   branching
truth:  finds   progress

test:  decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   sequences

test:  returns true if the wsgi environment is the same .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  determine   knapsack
truth:  determine   request

test:  sanitize all markdown characters of markdown characters .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  find the highest bit set to bitcount in the middle of initial bits .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  count   prepopulates
truth:  count   bits

test:  set the current system delay : a string time in seconds cli example: .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   suppresses
truth:  set   seconds

test:  parses the xml from vo vo pipeline .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  return   post_save
truth:  return   metadata

test:  return list of dicts with the breadcrumbs dicts .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  generate   switch
truth:  generate   list

test:  return size for current dir in folder .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  returns   hover
truth:  returns   bytes

test:  returns test path for .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  generate the flavor object for ninja that created the given flavor .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  initialize   insert
truth:  initialize   targets

test:  construct new block with sorted blocks .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  merge   destroy
truth:  merge   dtype

test:  lock access settings and has not deleted .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  return the used to render an http header of a systemcronflow .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  returns the string of a given byte string .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  set the average mfcc for a given set of fourier .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  generate   exposes
truth:  generate   values

test:  enable or disable a site in the specific site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   handles
truth:  enable   site

test:  return a copy of meter that start columns that are not in the region .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  rename   labeled
truth:  rename   file

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  feather-format configuration for stc functions .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  generate   splitting
truth:  generate   surface

test:  remove the content of a * .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  clean   installs
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  raise an exception if the client is supported .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  parse in the batchmailentry from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  setup the demo sensors .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  find   carry
truth:  find   test

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  pulls   shift
truth:  pulls   tasks

test:  return true if path is a directory containing information about a grep path .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  grep   shared
truth:  grep   string

test:  returns a string representation of a given value on a given regex .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  returns   enhance
truth:  returns   items

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  pulls   tune
truth:  pulls   internet

test:  skip test if dataset is available for module .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  generate and remove the links from links .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   bartels
truth:  generate   contents

test:  returns true when the link-local belongs to an ipv6 address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  extract   based
truth:  extract   address

test:  asynchronously allocates a range of ids .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   controls
truth:  allocates   ids

test:  remove files from the given file .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  compare   bartels
truth:  compare   contents

test:  print a string containing the elements of the value .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  print   transliterate
truth:  print   variable

test:  return spearman between v1 vectors in vectors of v2 and roberts arrays .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns all the folders under the folder id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   frees
truth:  returns   folders

test:  convert array into an array of strings .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   resume
truth:  convert   pil

test:  midpoint over period .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  get the number of inclination for the start and end .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  check for syncing support .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  check   init
truth:  check   modules

test:  calculates the log of the tps log file as an ndarray .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  remove   inform
truth:  remove   entry

test:  direct_declarator : lparen declarator rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  a simple warning warning .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  warn   bisect
truth:  warn   deprecation

test:  mark a question as spam .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  mark   target_expressing
truth:  mark   question

test:  marathon pods can be deployed for containerizer .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  marathon   carry
truth:  marathon   test

test:  similar to get_or_create .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  preprocessing   prompts
truth:  preprocessing   verifies

test:  does this document have a prohibit member .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  given   loved
truth:  given   doc

test:  load an one unit po file .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and complex coordinates .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  this function checks if there is a file or chunks of the file at most --pretty=online the form: * this file is a unicode version of 52428800 .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  validates that an ip address is valid .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  calculating rank for calculating the rgs .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  computes   annoy
truth:  computes   rank

test:  parse the xml element and build a tuple .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   simulating
truth:  parse   input

test:  check that distances are added to the moon .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  tests update targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  extracts the value of the given response .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  extracts   format_alignment
truth:  extracts   authentication

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  handle   switch
truth:  handle   list

test:  takes a list of versions of versions that are sorted .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  takes   poll
truth:  takes   versions

test:  return true if the given socket is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the link for the block that the block in the block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  release the right vs .
truth: release the package . 
test:  release   downloading
truth:  release   package

test:  convert a path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   trimmed
truth:  convert   uri

test:  add a set of inventory to every assignment or desktop _language_re .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  build   adjust
truth:  build   inventory

test:  run system command in a specified file .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  executes   authorizes
truth:  executes   command

test:  return a username with the format that would be greater than the colors in a username .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the hessian of a given point on a given point vars .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  returns   print
truth:  returns   approximation

test:  return true if the given object is a json/ajax updateable .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  returns   generated
truth:  returns   youtube

test:  gets the summary of a persistent variable .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  opens   labeled
truth:  opens   file

test:  returns the modified time when the given storage numerical .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  get   decimals
truth:  get   storage

test:  checks if the given string is a valid vorbis comment label .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   labeled
truth:  test   file

test:  if there is no prefix for string that should not import .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  regression test for #3319 .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns a dict with an exception instances of the form class .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   encapsulate
truth:  copy   instance

test:  error if the value is not a valid connection status .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  pulls   inverts
truth:  pulls   statuses

test:  see if the cassandra is processing .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a single paragraph of a file .
truth: prints a . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  kill a process and all its descendants .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   prettify
truth:  kill   process

test:  converts the passed in to a normal image .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   search
truth:  converts   d

test:  functional functional non-empty .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   greps
truth:  parses   intersection

test:  uploads the bokeh repository to include the packages repository .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a full package type .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  choose   downloading
truth:  choose   package

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  check if a file is a file .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  display the configured hook of the defined tcl calls .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  freeze   pulls
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid of the process used by trying to determine the location of the certificates file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  return   snaps
truth:  return   pid

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   reported
truth:  analyse   function

test:  create content of file content .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  cached   preload
truth:  cached   content

test:  decorate a test method that maps the tool to skip a panel to verify the tool shed [transformer_1 .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  load and return a wrapped version string .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  load   expose
truth:  load   credentials

test:  return the number of journal .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   know
truth:  return   running

test:  return the absolute path to the current axis .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  returns unicode string with respect to unicode .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  create and return the path directory .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  creates   crop
truth:  creates   directory

test:  calculates the given ids of symbols as a list of tuples .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  given   unroll
truth:  given   steps

test:  returns the xblock responsible for setting this xblocks date .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  finds   bdecodes
truth:  finds   xblock

test:  decorator that causes a function to be called with an interval .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  calls   reported
truth:  calls   function

test:  shows the object multi-dimensional record for the input .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  pulls   overrides
truth:  pulls   channel

test:  return a testsuite for the given tests with all tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  choose   pulls
truth:  choose   null

test:  returns the user secrets manager used by the secrets manager instance getsigner method .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   fixes
truth:  returns   manager

test:  simple test for classes that have the type .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  checks if a string is lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  compare   supports
truth:  compare   text

test:  execute a query and return the output of a file .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  query   looping
truth:  query   node

test:  return the most likely roads string given the nearest header and the user defined in method .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  find   explore
truth:  find   segments

test:  parses a string argument as an etag .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   concatenate
truth:  parse   etag

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  installs python .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  find   shortens
truth:  find   classes

test:  print the results of all the distributions that are assigned .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  clears all uuids .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   pass
truth:  clear   document

test:  load sequence of images from the given module .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   forwards
truth:  load   image

test:  checks whether date files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  function   mock
truth:  function   translation

test:  the binary number between crossentropy and target .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  compute   uses
truth:  compute   crossentropy

test:  return true if the agent and agent will be deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  warn   queryset
truth:  warn   configs

test:  adds a scheme to the same url if it isnt one .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  return the absolute value of a .
truth: compute np . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  formats a phone number for the first format of the given phone object to check for valueerrors .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  convert an image to a human readable string .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  returns   accuracy

test:  set movie play mp .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  pause   pulls
truth:  pause   null

test:  determines the string part of the kroneckerdeltas .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  =   decrement
truth:  =   =

test:  returns polynomial remainder of f in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  computes   reveal
truth:  computes   sequence

test:  parses the xenserver from the xml definition into one .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  parse   autoencoder
truth:  parse   xml

test:  same as a += b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  add the list of events to be included in the iterable .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   exposes
truth:  add   values

test:  copies a file to a remote machine .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   labeled
truth:  copies   file

test:  delete a parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  create a new figure canvas instance for the given figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  draw   parens
truth:  draw   figure

test:  return the current configuration key for a site from a site configuration .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  return a security group based on matching input .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  set   stubbed
truth:  set   headers

test:  checks if a servicegroup is tied to a vserver cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  bind   pulls
truth:  bind   null

test:  return the bull bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  temporarily change a venv with autoescaping .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  disable   masks
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  returns the wsgi pipeline for use with paste .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  loads   colorized
truth:  loads   context

test:  get a group that matches the given group type .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  gets the origin value from the cached configuration .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  build a geojson list for l10n distribution .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  shortcut   reported
truth:  shortcut   function

test:  test that the buggy is initialized .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  test   float
truth:  test   decorator

test:  converts the ip address in cidr format to cidr the cidr address .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  convert   containing
truth:  convert   ip

test:  returns all changed filenames of the given package .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  pass in json object and return the result .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolve   pulls
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  gets the domain filesystem or @memoizeproperty vector .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  checks if the backend dialogs exists and not in the notes test .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  return the path to a directory at path .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  finds prereg challenge draft registrations and corrects metadata['recommended-methods']['value']['procedure'] response .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   expands
truth:  finds   draft

test:  return the indices in the dataset that matches the necessary k with values .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  check if http server is a kernel file .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return full os name for a image .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  extension of a path .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  base   define
truth:  base   path

test:  one exponential exponential of the distance matrix .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  convert   decrease
truth:  convert   action

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  test rendering mri report for mne report .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return the beveled rectangle of the bottom .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   abbreviate
truth:  get   rectangle

test:  normal form an normally form or fermionic operators .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  write   sums
truth:  write   expression

test:  build the block dictionary for a label .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  format   unquoting
truth:  format   environment

test:  modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not exempt the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  decorator to wrap a method or method call .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  wraps   located
truth:  wraps   method

test:  prints a bunch of child cmd and executes the given process .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  executes   sonar
truth:  executes   child

test:  dynamically load a class from a class object and retrieve it class .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  convert   extract
truth:  convert   version

test:  try to parse a pyc file and return its contents .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  let the direction-w for a specific deployment .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  construct a pipeline from the given estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   launching
truth:  construct   pipeline

test:  google that the list of errors are sorted .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  returns   configured
truth:  returns   tree

test:  'window' the given invoke function .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  spawn   plucks
truth:  spawn   window

test:  sum the public operator to the specified keys .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  pulls   looking
truth:  pulls   operator

test:  use the prefer that are supplied by the xmodule package .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  pulls   asks
truth:  pulls   xmodule

test:  enable or disable an image on a given uri .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  uses   supplied
truth:  uses   api

test:  decorator for prefetch_related_objects monkey-patched .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   eliminating
truth:  copy   cache

test:  elementwise hard-sigmoid function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string with a different fragment .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   shared
truth:  replace   string

test:  delete a brocade specific port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   receives
truth:  delete   port

test:  defines the default v3 v3 v3 for each weight .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  yields   enhances
truth:  yields   scope

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   negate
truth:  serve   resource

test:  setup the server .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   clones
truth:  setup   server

test:  returns a flat list of constraints with the columns that are not used to look up the project .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  unpacks   smooth
truth:  unpacks   vector

test:  make a string to a primitive settings in the current encoding .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  returns the popularity for the given obj to use in elasticsearch .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  concatenate all values in values of string as a list of models .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  format   exposes
truth:  format   values

test:  wrapper around ver2 .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  differentiate   imposes
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 .
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   downgrades
truth:  return   point

test:  launch the pagerduty process for the given pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  checks   stores
truth:  checks   name

test:  filters all model attributes except for any optional keys that are not in the same as the value .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  filter   force
truth:  filter   kwargs

test:  url-encode strings that are not allowed to be escaped for rows .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  pulls   gauss
truth:  pulls   strings

test:  checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  return module version or none if version cant be retrieved .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  set user is active .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  set   temperature
truth:  set   date

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  feature finds a feature of all steps match .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  finds   sleep
truth:  finds   files

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   orthoganlize
truth:  calculates   hash

test:  return true if the provided hostname is a valid hostname .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a hypercube .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  returns   declared
truth:  returns   samples

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   dimension
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns a new .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  returns   reboot
truth:  returns   singleton

test:  retrieve flavor by flavorid .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   detach
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  backward compatibility .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  push a session to a bokeh bokeh model under the given document .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  update   clones
truth:  update   server

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  deal with paragraphs .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  using   pulls
truth:  using   null

test:  return a decorator that catches after a function has a partial matcher .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  get a list of an operator in the operator .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  makes a test suite from doctests .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   compiles
truth:  partitions   suite

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  guess the value of a process .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  return   unifies
truth:  return   encoding

test:  get the average of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  return a string consisting of titles .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  do   starts
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate from the values dictionary .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   producing
truth:  create   certificate

test:  determine if we are running on an amazon web services .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  add the path to the segment .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   define
truth:  add   path

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns the row of a row element-wise row .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  make sure that a package is not installed .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   downloading
truth:  make   package

test:  return the contents of a incron file .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  writes   bartels
truth:  writes   contents

test:  the file from the provided file .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  content   preload
truth:  content   content

test:  prints a request to the connonical api .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  write   stubbed
truth:  write   headers

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   optdict
truth:  convert   lines

test:  write contents to text file .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  sab -> str return a dataset name .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  fetch the delta .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  validates the number of directives for use with the tab .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  throws   asarray
truth:  throws   cases

test:  make some change to a deployment deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  make   logout
truth:  make   change

test:  get the ip address of an interface .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   synchronize
truth:  get   addresses

test:  test if the database has an initialized on a @expectedfailure host .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  check   responds
truth:  check   database

test:  write a text to stdout .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  the get_identifier .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  update   deflate
truth:  update   config

test:  shows the specified messages with an error message .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   usage_key_string
truth:  error   view

test:  for joining .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  determine   carve
truth:  determine   word

test:  create a new in-memory .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   deflate
truth:  given   config

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   instruments
truth:  delete   keystone

test:  wait for the minion import import import import .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute gaussian structure with gaussian gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   landing
truth:  compute   sum

test:  tests that the accept ordering of users with the given submission .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  prints a bunch of the logging buffer used to infer a bunch of a given context .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  add a set of tx parameters to the mapper queue key .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  start   default
truth:  start   part

test:  run a certificate of existing getinfos .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  extract   producing
truth:  extract   certificate

test:  check if the regression transform is related if not changed via various values in the 3938 .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  saves saves to session .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  save   command
truth:  save   session

test:  returns a review request for a fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return disk usage that would safely be free .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  validate the user 8-bit counts for serializers against multiple lines .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  helper decorator to replace the given stream object .
truth: print with color . 
test:  print   detects
truth:  print   color

test:  simple greeting page .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  responds   widen
truth:  responds   frontend

test:  parameters unittest : integer tensor to test .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  checks   tear
truth:  checks   module

test:  strips the xml element .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  removes   tile
truth:  removes   information

test:  test that an effort needs to be written .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   casts
truth:  test   training

test:  tests that we find numbers with exponents and negative signs .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  loads an example of messages .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  prepare   setuptools
truth:  prepare   notebook

test:  set the labels on the input node .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  replace   centers
truth:  replace   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string into long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  return the updates learning rates by dividing with the moving average of the root mean squared gradients .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   dispatches
truth:  updates   learning

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  run   autogenerated
truth:  run   benchmarks

test:  return a synchronization wrapper for a rawarray .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   register
truth:  return   wrapper

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  process the xml element by the manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  escape & .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  set the scroll widget .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  link   reserializes
truth:  link   widget

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  process a template and apply the templates to pillar .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  return the list of service objects .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  display   restoring
truth:  display   data

test:  parse the response for a musicbrainz configuration file .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  run the main function .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  runs   paging
truth:  runs   interface

test:  match a package with pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  terminate   explode
truth:  terminate   processes

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  compute the trimmed simultaneous test for simultaneous mean squared error between two quaternions .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  compute   interprets
truth:  compute   intervals

test:  get the nthhost if given value is within given query .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  get   preloading
truth:  get   host

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  on delete of the file object from the database .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  return a native url to a file using staticfiles url .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  test that a regression has the inverse of the inverse of columns in place .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   forget
truth:  test   inverse

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   access
truth:  determine   url

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  construct a sql machine string from a given host .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  result   pulls
truth:  result   null

test:  returns a status code indicating a server error .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   batch
truth:  returns   code

test:  returns a new array of data with lu typecode .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  constructs   divides
truth:  constructs   matrices

test:  compute nocopy for a log(1+exp(x)) and add it to the new membersh logic for the given module .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  return a protocol from a url if it exists .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   inquire
truth:  return   tool

test:  provided a user .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  returns   astring
truth:  returns   route

test:  try to extract the versions of aff4_grr gives - looks at versions of specified .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   exposes
truth:  extracts   values

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   pings
truth:  force   behavior

test:  returns the path to the directory containing the stored experiment directory or stored .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  creates   reshapes
truth:  creates   serialization

test:  like decorator_from_middleware but converts a method into a decorator that applies a /jobs/job/tasks?filterargs .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  given   safe_octal
truth:  given   class

test:  given a sequence of sequences .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  save a summary of header in a fits file .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  get   assume
truth:  get   header

test:  handle a single input tensor .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flattens   simulating
truth:  flattens   input

test:  send a message to a given channel or nick .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   modbus
truth:  set   cookie

test:  test that issue #444 can be loaded with a 3d side .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  validate user against the read username and returns a string .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   allocate
truth:  validate   user

test:  convert an s3 key to the uri portion of an s3 key .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  return the unique list of values in a string .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap the provided text with a regular expression .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  returns a number of days for creating month .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  produces   disables
truth:  produces   datetime

test:  recursively publish a declarative base class .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  get a list of all course milestones for the given course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  estimate   annoy
truth:  estimate   rank

test:  wrapper for int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  parse a string of the date .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   focused
truth:  parse   dates

test:  ensures that the beginning of a template string is quoted when one literal literal .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  indent   flip
truth:  indent   python

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  drill   del
truth:  drill   gcode

test:  tries to find the minimum of the sequences within a sequence .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   int
truth:  finds   match

test:  write a list of available updates .
truth: home page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  user can login when temporary base .
truth: user can login . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make verbose .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  make   lowercases
truth:  make   verbose

test:  get current video scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   repeat
truth:  get   scaling

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   wants
truth:  convert   parts

test:  change the current user id from a string .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   currents
truth:  sets   state

test:  shut down an instance .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  shutdown   encapsulate
truth:  shutdown   instance

test:  recursively execute the given doc with frappe .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  patch   localize
truth:  patch   reference

test:  return a function that can be used within any unbound .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  cache   bench
truth:  cache   value

test:  creates a new global global secondary secondary secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  setup the wink sensors .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  return the length of a chunk as a sequence .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  pulls   brings
truth:  pulls   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  ask   wanted
truth:  ask   filename

test:  test to make sure that an error is raised if the least least one of the files .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  instantiate a der object class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   safe_octal
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  returns an image to be able to appear the different line of the different line .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  pulls   throttle
truth:  pulls   unit

test:  get the default vlc .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   rising
truth:  remove   group

test:  enable the enhanced monitoring stream .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  report   activate
truth:  report   delete

test:  assume that if the named service is not disabled then it must be enabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  updates a security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  updates   reduced
truth:  updates   cli

test:  plot the open summary of the blanks .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  represent   support
truth:  represent   time

test:  get the cubic path .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return set of fields in the integer fields .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get the global directory of the project and directory .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  creates a huffman matrices of n with the same shape as 1s .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  get   stacks
truth:  get   states

test:  set the given properties on a quota and update it .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  test that an exception is initialized by a google exception .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a new module of all modules .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  unload   tear
truth:  unload   module

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  release some hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   prefilled
truth:  release   hosts

test:  remove all files above the tree .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  send a notification about a listener on the host or response .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   preloading
truth:  send   host

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   hanging
truth:  clear   variables

test:  create a new l{iopump} of ssl .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  set   shortens
truth:  set   classes

test:  compile a sequence of strings like the regular expression .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compiles   enhanced
truth:  compiles   object

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   bench
truth:  unquotes   value

test:  return true if the pattern matches the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  get a specific user flags .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  run nagios plugin and get the result of execute with pillar .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  run   copy
truth:  run   nagios

test:  converts a sns string to a datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   disables
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  generate the validator from the wire format string .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  stop all instances for the given version of the respective modules .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stops   borrowed
truth:  stops   instances

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  press the last updated without adding some data .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  handle the simulation of a numpy array .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  color   works
truth:  color   selection

test:  import and import a module given its name cooperative directory .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   pulls
truth:  import   null

test:  compare two sets of datastore entities in the scrapyd file .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if an interface is router .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  based   defines
truth:  based   attributes

test:  collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   blocks
truth:  collate   representation

test:  generate the list of tuples of a given key .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  this function adds multiple emails and returns a list of emails that may be used to make the original segments .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  retrieves the batch notification listener .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  return   initialized
truth:  return   notification

test:  remove one or more file for a node .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  get   expression

test:  returns the diffrenderer renderer instance used for the given tuple .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  decorator declaring resulting that this is a unit string into its string parts .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check that firstset for firstset priority have any pending info .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  chop a sequence for use in openshift-svc-verify .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  chops   sparks
truth:  chops   number

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  delete   teardown
truth:  delete   type

test:  from url-safe .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send deete table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   bounds
truth:  send   table

test:  loads a function and returns the result .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  munging to turn a method name into a post-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  munging   located
truth:  munging   method

test:  return a string with unicode characters of the given string .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  return the attribute for object .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  makes   authenticated
truth:  makes   everything

test:  return a new figure of the source files and all entries under the specified line .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  parses a string like it .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return vm information .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  a decorator for adding decodeerror .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  create   utf-8
truth:  create   argument

test:  configures a single figure to disk .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   restrict
truth:  save   array

test:  helper that returns the web client configuration .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  collects the static files from the application .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  copies   logging
truth:  copies   flask

test:  returns the type name for a type given a type name .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  remove network from network network_id id of network cli example: .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  remove   requesting
truth:  remove   i

test:  given a word body .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   bring
truth:  return   page

test:  return path to the scripts .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns the type of the type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  load a key from the sha1 app .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   review
truth:  convert   keys

test:  make sure that adagard .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  tests   utf-8
truth:  tests   argument

test:  returns the number of intra-community edges according to the partition of the nodes of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  return true if instance exists on instance uuid .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  verify calling and searching trip symbols shouldnt include the same way as calling w/ the given object .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  following   pulls
truth:  following   null

test:  merges translations from one stream that exactly one or more streams .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add a task to the task .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  print out the current active mon cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  is   reduced
truth:  is   cli

test:  a function which asserts that the user has a valid permission to modify the permission to perform the user and returns the previous one .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  raise   allocate
truth:  raise   user

test:  estimate the definite source argument .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  reset the named vm to reset a vm or list of vm snapshots .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  reset   hostname
truth:  reset   vm

test:  it should support download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  pulls   inf
truth:  pulls   download

test:  parses a module and tells the results of each .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  escape a dn as if it exists .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return a nginx .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return the prefix for the given key .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   pings
truth:  test   behavior

test:  returns the timestamp in the due to the given timestamp .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  get   speed
truth:  get   minutes

test:  generate batches of inputs for a imagenet of magic batches and courses .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  the corpus from the list of corpus .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a package .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   debugging
truth:  delete   dataset

test:  change the name of the qapplication instance .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  change   stores
truth:  change   name

test:  execute a bash shell command bash .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  return numeric assortativity for g .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  compute   looping
truth:  compute   node

test:  return the certificate info about a certificate file this works as a certificate cli example: .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  return   producing
truth:  return   certificate

test:  converts a string argument to a byte string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   utf-8
truth:  converts   argument

test:  start rabbitmq rabbitmq application cli example: .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  check to make sure expected and y-axis: are the same .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  compare   s
truth:  compare   sets

test:  find the given image id for a complete image and return the integer or a series of metadata .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  removes a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   serves
truth:  removes   roles

test:  wraps the systemd function to create 405 methods .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  remove a tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  remove   target_expressing
truth:  remove   question

test:  ensure that the keystone tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   append
truth:  ensure   tenant

test:  generate a single image containing all six mnist groups with this works .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the string contained in the fact .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   binding
truth:  return   fact

test:  assume that if the named service is disabled to start at least one of the service is enabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  wrap some chars in a string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   gauss
truth:  wrap   strings

test:  returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  returns   combined
truth:  returns   ipv4

test:  return a list of directories in this minion .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  set weekly downloads that resource pending downloads it is compared to the average of the active addon .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  update   pend
truth:  update   day

test:  parametric risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  convert a raw data into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  make msg not cause new line when output .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  make   small_stmts
truth:  make   line

test:  add a path to sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  adds   inform
truth:  adds   entry

test:  an ns url from the proxied device .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  perform   drops
truth:  perform   call

test:  parse a filename and search for directives into a pdf page .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  given   disabling
truth:  given   filenames

test:  true if the passed token is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  reject   scop
truth:  reject   token

test:  try to get the version of this package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  loads a ctypes function and returns a ctypes instance .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  takes   stores
truth:  takes   name

test:  tests that the suggestion can be modified .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  tests   mock
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  pulls   forwards
truth:  pulls   image

test:  returns a new database model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  returns information about the hosts returns a dictionary of hosts .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  retrieves   solve
truth:  retrieves   settings

test:  create a continuous random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the actual capabilities over a given api .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  checks if the version is available for ratelimit if the current linux version is not greater than the version requirement .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  check   loading
truth:  check   bower

test:  document add to preselected document .
truth: new document form . 
test:  document   r^2
truth:  document   form

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  specific authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  find parameters in the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   offset
truth:  find   parameters

test:  return a list of the names of the master where the first two profile is in the form: profile .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  remove   scaled
truth:  remove   queue

test:  compares the image vertically for two related images .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  create   cleaning
truth:  create   matrix

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  test reading raw data for ctf test_genericpath .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  test   reset
truth:  test   reader

test:  runs the testsuite loaded module .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  mix   timing
truth:  mix   spaces

test:  get the evaluated tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  check if dladm is available on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  looks   pulls
truth:  looks   null

test:  print the summary line of a given class .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  kronecker sum of two arrays of a and b .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  get all submodules of a given module .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   rel_path
truth:  get   submodules

test:  add a list of hostnames to a zone .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  builds   switch
truth:  builds   list

test:  returns true if the function is a string containing a list of all jpg diffopcodegenerator .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  retrieve facts information from facts file .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  calculate the scalar number of digits on a string .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  calculate   files
truth:  calculate   check

test:  download a gaussian user from the current src .
truth: download a file . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  take a snapshot in a snapshot case sensitivity is lvs .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  take   indexes
truth:  take   snapshot

test:  get the bracket evaluators .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  wrap a single function to wrap a series of elemwise .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test cross product with lots of elements .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  test   registers
truth:  test   product

test:  convert int or long int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  add two matrices to sparse variable .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  add   divides
truth:  add   matrices

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   slice
truth:  encode   pickle

test:  test correct intersect chunks .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  convert   packed
truth:  convert   chunks

test:  broadcast an nd to a batch of shape .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  squeezing   colored
truth:  squeezing   operation

test:  delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  test that a random inverse of the mapping sense is not in the mapper .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  tests   pushing
truth:  tests   model

test:  returns edges in a weighted spanning spanning the minimum spanning weighted graph .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  generate   echo
truth:  generate   minimum

test:  decorator that turns a deprecation warnings into a single function .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd using gcd and g in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  computes   compounded
truth:  computes   gcd

test:  add vertex given stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   swaps
truth:  add   faces

test:  generates the nth tile of the elements .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  creates   providing
truth:  creates   tensor

test:  uses the application to display a record in the given name and stderr .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   stopped
truth:  output   statistics

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  generates the leaf command .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  produces   restrict
truth:  produces   array

test:  find all ancestor entity for a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform a list of mappings to a dictionary of mappings to check the corresponding mappings for consumption .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  check the current git repository is installed .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   sleep
truth:  check   files

test:  parse a json file and return as json object .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  return a list of backing file names contained in a particular file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   flattens
truth:  parse   output

test:  generates the neighborhood group of order groups .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  function   eventlet
truth:  function   warning

test:  return defaults for a list of defaults .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  show   bring
truth:  show   page

test:  kill listen on a namespace if it doesnt exist yet .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  kill   explode
truth:  kill   processes

test:  load a local module from the given name .
truth: in apps . 
test:  pulls   plot
truth:  pulls   apps

test:  create read-only fields in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  restores the original list of known probabilities .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  restore   forbid
truth:  restore   options

test:  helper to create a new client client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  yield n items in a list of length n .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  deprecated! -> integer return a alias .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  lay   tsv
truth:  lay   components

test:  compute the maximum single-commodity of a string .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  function   registers
truth:  function   product

test:  return unicode name of 8bit ascii string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  return   intermediates
truth:  return   8bit

test:  extrapolate latitude/longitude given a number of [lat .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  return   algorithm
truth:  return   points

test:  return url and json .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  convert unicode to unicode .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  encode   flip
truth:  encode   python

test:  return the path to a newly created path for the language .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  makes the ansible group of the ansible group .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  initialize   adjust
truth:  initialize   inventory

test:  convert a space separated string to a scope value .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns a function that operates as a list of fields of the provided list .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the current state of the given node .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  supported   stacks
truth:  supported   states

test:  normalizes and return a dictionary of padded key .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  make   defines
truth:  make   attributes

test:  turn all nested sequences to tuples in sequence .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  pulls   uncheck
truth:  pulls   element

test:  return a string representation of length with the length and shape .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  pulls   zdt3
truth:  pulls   converts

test:  a decorator for memoizing of the decorated function .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  indexer sample for all sample data .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  given   currents
truth:  given   state

test:  return the name of a given file this function will return the rarely used if symlinks should be followed .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   allocate
truth:  return   user

test:  setup module .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  check   stays
truth:  check   sphinx

test:  return a receipt object for the given receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  reissues   operands
truth:  reissues   receipt

test:  validates an integer for use in a url only its property .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  return the hash with the given hash and under the given hash .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  looks   labeled
truth:  looks   file

test:  write samples to file .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  set up the arduino platform .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   retain
truth:  set   platform

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  decorator used to mark a method as a viewset to list .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  used   located
truth:  used   method

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   end
truth:  get   arounds

test:  imports controller - simply returns a new csv which is not found in the context - used for imports is - used for imports & counts .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a deferred with the right content of the field .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  return a dictionary containing information about the marathon os or just a raid button .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  compare the media subclass status and return a boolean indicating if it is the rhs .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  returns   slave_open
truth:  returns   media

test:  write wcsconfig ips to a file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  writes   pulls
truth:  writes   null

test:  return the virtual server table cli example: .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  show   solve
truth:  show   settings

test:  print a message to standard log .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   order
truth:  print   traceback

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   bounds
truth:  suggest   table

test:  instantiate and return a arguments from the passed in .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  send   knapsack
truth:  send   request

test:  read this file as base64 bytes from the file extension .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  returns a user client which is valid based on current api client and is removed by a user .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  returns   express
truth:  returns   -

test:  write a file in a given format to a specific format .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  get hostname from a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  generate a json file of top-level operations .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  mode: string - "agg" - "agg" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  converts the given string to a notebook on the current revision .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  converts   capturing
truth:  converts   error

test:  returns the reparse file on this system .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  retrieves   restoring
truth:  retrieves   data

test:  decorate a function so that results in a transaction .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  prevents   reported
truth:  prevents   function

test:  returns true or false if the given unicode or ipv6 string is valid for coercing .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  get   wants
truth:  get   parts

test:  return the same result as they parsing from the given string .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  renders the template context .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  pulls   building
truth:  pulls   tag

test:  connect to the specified url instance and print the cipher .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  consume   prioritized
truth:  consume   messages

test:  get the close to use in violin component .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  drop   eliminating
truth:  drop   cache

test:  create a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  returns true if filename has no newline .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  constructs the opengl helper function to use .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  draw   collate
truth:  draw   box

test:  decorator to make sure that an response has the expected response .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  decorated   constrained
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  return a word for defined in db .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  checks that a package version matches the same options .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  given   extract
truth:  given   version

test:  helper method to grab sessionmaker apart .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   address
truth:  return   sqlalchemy

test:  restores an environment variable that was started from the aiff file .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  sets   unquoting
truth:  sets   environment

test:  for routines that return c_void_p .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  compute a given path on a given path .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  construct   continues
truth:  construct   svg

test:  return true if inputs have two arrays .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  tries to convert to float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  remove ansi color references .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   polynomials
truth:  remove   codes

test:  test if g is a list of node .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  find a in a given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   ip
truth:  find   paths

test:  iterates over a requirements file .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   mounts
truth:  yield   objects

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  appends   emitting
truth:  appends   character

test:  show the comments for a specific search .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  prints   dataframe
truth:  prints   comments

test:  given a module name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns true if theres a valid ipv4 alphabet .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  generates a generator of objects for a given pack .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generate   regressiont
truth:  generate   index

test:  returns a result of all consistency groups matching the given cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  include   located
truth:  include   method

test:  return the list of all error codes for the given *errnames .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  return   capturing
truth:  return   error

test:  extract a collection of the choices that matches choices header string to a list of choices to extract the default value .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  select   int
truth:  select   match

test:  make sure a from a given value is not a valid minion or a byte string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  calls users .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   generate
truth:  retrieves   users

test:  converts the pci requests based on the given flavor requests .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  get   knapsack
truth:  get   request

test:  create a new command .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  starts   decorates
truth:  starts   web

test:  copies a queryoptions to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   flow
truth:  copies   fields

test:  this is a helper function that makes the default value from the configuration list of defaults to perform a list of a list of configuration objects .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  set   resolving
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  merge string into stty-modifying .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  m-th order derivative of m to a sequence of integers .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  return true if the current user is bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  profiling performance of the player via trimming arguments: layer_name : none the resized players to load balancer files for each column .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  stripping   enqueued
truth:  stripping   po

test:  adapt the blob specified by the passed obj .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  objects   mounts
truth:  objects   objects

test:  return create exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  get the first from the response body .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  extract   access
truth:  extract   url

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  set output of process .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  have   flattens
truth:  have   output

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns true if folder is hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   suggest
truth:  returns   folder

test:  a simple view that expects a remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  get local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  return x values x and y .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  returns a new migration .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  runs   exhaust
truth:  runs   conversion

test:  check that the messages in the db has been created on the specified folder .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   label
truth:  test   custom

test:  import a dotted module path and return the attribute/class designated by the last name in the path .
truth: source: django . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  tests the stubs stubs and search results .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of unique pairs suitable for representing a column .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  format   enhance
truth:  format   items

test:  convert the jacobian matrix of a real matrix to the respective components of the jacobian jacobian matrix .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  wrap   reported
truth:  wrap   function

test:  test whether an error is raised if the results passed is a _version or false .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns true if the filepath is a fits .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  determine   evaluated
truth:  determine   origin

test:  compute the univariate reconstruction of the chinese remainder in matrix z_p[z] .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator for views that require moderator to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  both the addon redirect to node2 and node2 .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  pulls   descend
truth:  pulls   edges

test:  generates a bunch of communities that can be used with community .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  turn on/off a query string into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  takes   talking
truth:  takes   dict

test:  search for term based on the given other .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  use   fold
truth:  use   backend

test:  drop the index specified in the setting .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of objects with mongo and its status objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   review
truth:  returns   keys

test:  find the first file for a process that contains no importance: .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  collect   specifies
truth:  collect   methods

test:  return a dummy request object .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  return data to a memcache server .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  called at login if its iso .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  remove the given file .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  cleanup   flattens
truth:  cleanup   output

test:  returns a boolean to whether the given string is a boolean .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  serialize an xml element into a string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  serialize   uncheck
truth:  serialize   element

test:  make a simple helper function that makes resources against a aaaa .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  computes the lmq integral of the penalty penalty on a penalty layer .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  helper to create a variable stored on variable .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  get the last time window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  get   plucks
truth:  get   window

test:  setup the mficlient ports sensors .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  parse a content-type and return a tuple of duplicates .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetch the archive for an archive .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  download   updating
truth:  download   archive

test:  return the int or comments of an object .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  build gitlab return data from gitlab .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  pulls   forgot
truth:  pulls   project

test:  this function is used by the input .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   simulating
truth:  receives   input

test:  test massage of the spans .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   span

test:  helper function to add a new job to the given version of the job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  retrieves the total uuid and look up our test uuid .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  parse a term string into a dictionary of name-value and the keys used it is an ssh phrase .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  split   raise
truth:  split   term

test:  return the value of func in the trajectory argument is not escaped by the function name .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  apply   accepting
truth:  apply   e

test:  parse a canonical page .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  detects   ip
truth:  detects   paths

test:  if the original model is selected .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   map
truth:  test   implementation

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   currents
truth:  writes   state

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  initalize   spawn
truth:  initalize   devices

test:  make everything variables used for testing .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  create   forgot
truth:  create   project

test:  compute histogram of the binned table .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  pulls   unshelve
truth:  pulls   interval

test:  ensure an apache module is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   handles
truth:  ensure   site

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  helper to fit the j .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  if i is reserved .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  evaluates the circular logarithm of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the version string indicating that the given document is logged in the given version .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  generate   validates
truth:  generate   addition

test:  simple logistic filter .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  note   pulls
truth:  note   null

test:  converts re to camel-case representation .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  make sure the user can specify a failure .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   do
truth:  test   hashes

test:  available serially and stderr .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  unpack address .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the 2d network interface type of an interface .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   paging
truth:  gets   interface

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  the largest integer k such that the values are turned on the python array of arrays a : nodes weights returns array a : scalar .
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  computes   rescanning
truth:  computes   weights

test:  evaluate cutoff .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  saves the given file to its filename .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   labeled
truth:  update   file

test:  copy data from a buffer to allocate .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  this is a helper function that parses the comma separated by the python plugin .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  fillet a gcode linear move file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  registers all the requirements .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  add a profile menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  disable the enhanced enhanced stream .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  fast fastq to generic event conversion .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  set the attribute on a given instance .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  sets   constrain
truth:  sets   attribute

test:  this makes sure that the dispatch dependencies are installed .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   write
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  return the indices of iterables that have been indices in the shape .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  generate   chisquare
truth:  generate   tuples

test:  create a node to display for a node .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  create   implemented
truth:  create   x11

test:  return an event object suitable for the named transport .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  set the *y* metadata for running nameservers .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  returns   support
truth:  returns   time

test:  get a mapping from a different instance that will be imported .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  function   define
truth:  function   path

test:  elastic elastic file to a directory .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  uploads   downloading
truth:  uploads   package

test:  given a collection of exploration instances .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  returns   coordinates
truth:  returns   exploration

test:  set things in salt .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   predicate
truth:  format   sql

test:  write file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   supports
truth:  write   text

test:  search for releases in a track .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   instanticates
truth:  get   releases

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  detach an existing virtual machine .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  remove   looping
truth:  remove   node

test:  generate one random unicode string of random bytes .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  clears the qt list of functions .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  clear   eventlet
truth:  clear   warning

test:  find setup .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  yield   leaving
truth:  yield   cython

test:  load data from a file .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   format
truth:  process   parameter

test:  turn document to the document for a resource .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   defines
truth:  fix   attributes

test:  return if the given view should be used between auth details .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  figure   pulls
truth:  figure   null

test:  reset a unit for a given technique specified by the bokchoy .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  resets   xlsx
truth:  resets   query

test:  return the path to the s3cache interface script cli example: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set .
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   reported
truth:  modifies   function

test:  evaluates the number of gpus for a string .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  set the logging handler for the given buffer .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  configure   hacked
truth:  configure   buffer

test:  compute the matrix exponential using pade approximation .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  construct   r^2
truth:  construct   form

test:  convert the string representation of a python string into a text string .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  return the hash used by the git on this version .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  returns   unparsing
truth:  returns   git

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   exposes
truth:  adds   values

test:  execute all of the input data and kwargs for all functions .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  convert a dictionary of negative pairs to a string containing the value of the requested querystring .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate a signed message for yesterdays method .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  returns   pair

test:  enables randomization of various pieces via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  return three absolute value of distance in the entire library of blocks .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  restful crud output description for a given task .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  return true if the file is bad .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  identify   config
truth:  identify   patterns

test:  associate dhcp option id .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  test   forbid
truth:  test   options

test:  create the verifier to use when creating the api named key .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  generate a test for a scipy .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  default   unpin
truth:  default   routine

test:  table a datasets metadata .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  renders the template and fires the capa view .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  fixture that returns a dataset that tests if a dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   carry
truth:  fixture   test

test:  return the status for a service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  memo decorator for sequences .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  pulls   convert
truth:  pulls   sequences

test:  return a list of active mounts .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  list   logfilesize
truth:  list   linux

test:  get the mysensors notification service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  scale a permission search using the following search within the search .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  add   dos
truth:  add   search

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  returns a string containing a key pair of a given object starting from a vcenter header dict .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  create a certificate .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  creates   fixed
truth:  creates   scenario

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc def .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  computes gcd of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  print a string to a builtin .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  format   enhanced
truth:  format   object

test:  generates exists usage exists for the given volume .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  generates   initialized
truth:  generates   notification

test:  return the local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  run the printed output of a stringio .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  context   feeds
truth:  context   stderr

test:  test no data for a none containing serie .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  reset the template info cache for the specified template cache .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   eliminating
truth:  reset   cache

test:  return path to open file for project .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  convert event type to time up via seconds .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  process   fitnesse
truth:  process   events

test:  get the first cibpath function .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  kludge a cache key with a relative key .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  used   eliminating
truth:  used   cache

test:  returns the metric of the nodes of a directed network .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  return   sift
truth:  return   metric

test:  the inverse of s6 .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  attempts to bootstrap html5 should be used as a valid bootstrap .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  return   shortens
truth:  return   classes

test:  return an ebsblockdeviceapi access token .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  this function checks for a file or directory .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  locate   labeled
truth:  locate   file

test:  returns the value of n x n .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  create the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  return   joined
truth:  return   decryption

test:  create an elb resource ids .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  create   drawing
truth:  create   tags

test:  access a message from a user object with a message parameter .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  create a new pool for an application health pool cli example: .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  create   inputs
truth:  create   monitor

test:  return a datetime object with the given content type header .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  set   preload
truth:  set   content

test:  documents the resource method .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  pulls   attempt
truth:  pulls   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  add intersections of the loop with the x intersection index of the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   passed
truth:  add   intersections

test:  resizes and saves the modified file .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  creates   grabs
truth:  creates   png

test:  wrap a single topicsread with last read and return the last read .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  generate a test method for parse()ing the given source .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   located
truth:  generate   method

test:  wait for a proxy to be edited .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  starts   distribute
truth:  starts   proxy

test:  translates python exception into the locale will be returned by py2exe .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  translates   eliminates
truth:  translates   elements

test:  get all rules belonging to a node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  read and return the contents of a module .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  execute   optimized
truth:  execute   script

test:  return the level code for the current request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  sets   deconvolves
truth:  sets   level

test:  imports a dotted-path module name to taken from the given module name .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  using a transplant .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  transfer   rescanning
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require tutorial test project .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   carry
truth:  require   test

test:  return the arg_name compatible dict representation of an existing trace .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  get the windows api window handle previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   lets
truth:  get   handler

test:  step 1b (c) .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   answers
truth:  step   handles

test:  sends a message to a given topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  read   simulating
truth:  read   input

test:  splitpasswd --> user .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns the cartesian product of a regression test as a function column column .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  generate hex digest of text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  create   contrasts
truth:  create   digest

test:  converts the given value to a template string .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   reduce
truth:  convert   shorthand

test:  converts setting units with projectors to one of units .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  takes   query
truth:  takes   position

test:  return the full path to a resource on the path .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  extract   define
truth:  extract   path

test:  forces a replication method .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  assert that the http response is on the expected response .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   barcodes
truth:  assert   http

test:  calculate the p-value two points in a very frequency integer n .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  process the job for a specific abort .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  aborts   deregister
truth:  aborts   jobs

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  pulls   apps_count_installed
truth:  pulls   gateway

test:  compile_single compile the given pyrex implementation file and return a compilationresult .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   monitor
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import and return an object .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  return a mock .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a list of the elements of *x* .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  find   regressiont
truth:  find   index

test:  add a intercept panel to the panel .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   mutate
truth:  add   column

test:  converts a string to an array of int .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  prepend   listen
truth:  prepend   key

test:  convert a time quickly to timeval .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns a list of files in the provided directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  returns   sleep
truth:  returns   files

test:  test reconstruction where the image and same results are less than the pixel .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   encapsulate
truth:  generates   instance

test:  return the file in the given document as a byte string .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xhtml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   shared
truth:  escapes   string

test:  returns true if the node has a parent that could be used as an alias .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  detect   looping
truth:  detect   node

test:  computes the p-th agreement t between two points .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  computes the russellrao dissimilarity between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  pulls   printed
truth:  pulls   pattern

test:  a decorator raising an error if a task is not a classic or a string .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  create a celery archive on the target info from the given addon .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  starts   polishing
truth:  starts   celery

test:  displays daily table of daily hours .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  display   bounds
truth:  display   table

test:  return the current refresh is run .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  signal   builds
truth:  signal   minion

test:  returns the path to the program provided it exists and is on the systems path retrieved from code snippet by jay: url test-if-executable-exists-in-python .
truth: source: url . 
test:  url   access
truth:  url   url

test:  convert equality_expression to 1 format .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  translate   shared
truth:  translate   string

test:  decode a jpeg string to unicode .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  returns the prompts value for a contrast change label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  return a list of all available languages .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  adds   switch
truth:  adds   list

test:  asserts that the given url is valid .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  convert the value into an integer .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  wait for a expression to become a assertion to true if assertion fails .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  calls   pulls
truth:  calls   null

test:  helper function to replace all collection values to a ccx .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  attempt to load the json module from the json one .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  validates that value is a valid foreign string .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   piercing
truth:  returns   article

test:  decorator that logs the call to be executed within a counter_type call .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  creates   float
truth:  creates   decorator

test:  stop the specified server .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   pyopenssls
truth:  stop   greenlet

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  cli example: .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  return a sentence for the given text .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  noop   reported
truth:  noop   function

test:  return the name of the process that a given package name .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  return a list of enabled enabled services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  pulls   ensuring
truth:  pulls   recipient

test:  sanity check the tarball and returns a list of files .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  uses   logfilesize
truth:  uses   linux

test:  ensure that the first and is a valid entry .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  check   unescaped
truth:  check   entries

test:  merge two lists into a single space .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  takes   decoding
truth:  takes   lists

test:  find the theme with the given plugins .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  load   alignment
truth:  load   section

test:  returns polynomial norm of f in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  returns   assuming
truth:  returns   norm

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  activate the virtual code for a given revision .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  make   capitalizes
truth:  make   revision

test:  return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return the admin_username .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  check if a country is a leading leading zero zero or not .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  checks   rq
truth:  checks   country

test:  computes the offset of a numpy array .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  offset   pulls
truth:  offset   null

test:  returns url of github applied to github .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  given a list of pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate cli example: .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get the float in the loop for the loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   converse
truth:  get   ratio

test:  delete filters .
truth: close indices . 
test:  close   sparsedataset
truth:  close   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  calculates the standard error of the mean of the input array .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  computes   stopped
truth:  computes   statistics

test:  creates the user account with the email address and password provided .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   restart
truth:  creates   account

test:  test chart rendering with various rendering .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  check   replay
truth:  check   chart

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  helper to see if all matches for documentation with the same name .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  pulls   disabling
truth:  pulls   filenames

test:  how many video outputs does this media player have? .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  get   manager

test:  gets the temperature in degrees celsius .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  gets   multistringformfields
truth:  gets   temperature

test:  reboot a running domain .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   union
truth:  reboot   domain

test:  decorator to mark a function as not requiring a valueerror .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  test that a figure with basic creation .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   parens
truth:  test   figure

test:  collect a duplicate object if it exists .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  force   trivial
truth:  force   connection

test:  get the integer after the first occurence of the value .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  close and close a value poles .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  verify that message is a valid message for the value .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  validate   utf-8
truth:  validate   argument

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  runs tomcat .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  create a new refs in a remote refs .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  remote   yields
truth:  remote   push

test:  test that logs logs a successful file on debug class .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   attriute
truth:  test   stdout

test:  return expr in mixed str/repr form i .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  returns   sums
truth:  returns   expression

test:  create chops and returns a picklechops for a given value .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  pickles   utf-8
truth:  pickles   argument

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   increment
truth:  function   gradient

test:  this optimization is only used when sending to the input .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a set of available content items for all tracks .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data modechoice data .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  set the test case to the specified scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   fixed
truth:  set   scenario

test:  generate a tuple of individual numbers as a tuple of padding .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   reformat
truth:  replaces   amp

test:  returns a tuple with the given padding color or the graph that has a valid color .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  turn   returns
truth:  turn   something

test:  activate the git-checkout(1)_ animations .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  disable   pulls
truth:  disable   null

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  matching   synchronize
truth:  matching   addresses

test:  ipdb importer for given trace .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changed packages that will be changed for the received blob .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  disable the paging of output on this minion .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   flattens
truth:  disable   output

test:  return set of all languages that occur more given language .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  return   lstrip
truth:  return   set

test:  get head stats .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   attacked
truth:  get   stats

test:  addresses issue #5835 .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  addresses   pulls
truth:  addresses   null

test:  return activation name by the name .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  parse a mapping file with mapping information and return a dictionary of mapping .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  pulls   labeled
truth:  pulls   file

test:  make sure the given crash if not found .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  do   ensures
truth:  do   anything

test:  find all of the modules and deprecated: .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   clone
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   echoes
truth:  get   prefixes

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond1 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  filters   forbid
truth:  filters   options

test:  returns all of the vlanhost distribution data required to retrieve all collections on a particular user .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   mounts
truth:  get   objects

test:  pass me an object .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   reset
truth:  get   reader

test:  group add view .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   astring
truth:  add   route

test:  maximum of a tensor .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  gets the vlan counterpart bridge and its appropriate cluster for an adapter group .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  create   deserialized
truth:  create   bridge

test:  disconnect all connections definitions from outputfor .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  disconnect   pulls
truth:  disconnect   null

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   decrease
truth:  verifies   action

test:  build an argumentparser .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  builds   rectify
truth:  builds   parser

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   optdict
truth:  show   lines

test:  return a random color string .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   been
truth:  return   format

test:  like send_catch_log but additionally the original for a given local field .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns only one only one d[ .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  pulls   authenticated
truth:  pulls   everything

test:  update the total num of the first argument .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  returns   consisting
truth:  returns   link

test:  given a node or a string .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  equality_expression : equality_expression eq relational_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if both the os and the os are false .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  print a sys .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  enable   flattens
truth:  enable   output

test:  return the gif object for all stl stretching .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  callback to generate a single password in the head separated by the buffer command .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  pulls   hides
truth:  pulls   pointer

test:  execute queries against postgres .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  execute   expects
truth:  execute   queries

test:  return a base64 version of s .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  returns the value of a user instance .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  return the lower bound for the order-k of w .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  perform an periodical periodical on the procrustes tensor with the binding .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  left   input_string
truth:  left   join

test:  custom formstyle for filters on the incident table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  default   failing
truth:  default   style

test:  tokenize sql or not return a unicode encoding .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   predicate
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test error handling in ignored .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   arrays

test:  does the attribute whose names are potentially stupid first be removed from the atom string .
truth: check if options . 
test:  check   forbid
truth:  check   options

test:  run the command and return its output as a string .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  main entry point .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  parses a string from a raw document .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   capitalize
truth:  computes   distances

test:  run a series of default values for keystone .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  run   deregister
truth:  run   jobs

test:  convert an image and rois within that project into network inputs .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   forwards
truth:  project   image

test:  return the current node names .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   spawn
truth:  return   devices

test:  internet internet method .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  try to install the qtile options .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  copy   labeled
truth:  copy   file

test:  a hypothesis is designed to create a new wsgi .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  creates   clones
truth:  creates   server

test:  gets or create user by a given user_id .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   pulls
truth:  do   null

test:  returns true if the passed version is a beta version .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  convert a string like a number to a string .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  parse   unpublicizes
truth:  parse   description

test:  plot a single evoked with an lan evoked .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  plot   pulls
truth:  plot   null

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  generate a thumbnail from an alias .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  returns the scalar pairs in into an instance where the scalar value is the encourages .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  checks   attributes
truth:  checks   arrays

test:  process the xml element by the manipulationfunction .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  compares two strings .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  scrub a user ids .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  rebuild   drawing
truth:  rebuild   tags

test:  get a percent of preconditioner .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  a helper for previous_value_columns .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  coerce a timestamp to a json string if necessary .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  coerce   aliased
truth:  coerce   json

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is blocked to none .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  test   converted
truth:  test   block

test:  decorator for subclasses of plugin instances .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  rebuild   poll
truth:  rebuild   versions

test:  put a lock file .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  refresh   constructs
truth:  refresh   lock

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  formats a scalar for defined in handle .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  mock unicode function for python 2 and 3 compatibility .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  returns true if g has no independent independent set .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  load a class by name .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  returns nth derivative of a sequence .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  returns an individual x .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  generates   restoring
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote -> utf-8 data .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  removes   learn
truth:  removes   quotes

test:  get the default root of the latest version of the given list of keys .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  test that gpu is initialized with a random number .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  verify   expr
truth:  verify   valueerror

test:  return a color with the provided color dict from the given color class .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  build   detects
truth:  build   color

test:  update review without updating the "attrs" "attrs" .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  takes   scans
truth:  takes   pairs

test:  convert an unix time string to a message .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  convert   been
truth:  convert   format

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  returns an image from a video header and return it as a string .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  return   analyzes
truth:  return   size

test:  add a urls for all http requests .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  add   inform
truth:  add   entry

test:  gets a fixed ips from the table filtering on vif interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  change confirmation for confirmation .
truth: change users email . 
test:  change   equalize
truth:  change   email

test:  push a table onto a given blob .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   capture
truth:  push   bit

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   initializes
truth:  test   program

test:  messaging delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   bring
truth:  delete   page

test:  returns the expected user key for the specified user .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  use an etag_func() that returns unquoted .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  use   pulls
truth:  use   null

test:  fetches a list of all ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   switch
truth:  fetches   list

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   unsqueezing
truth:  install   setuptools

test:  ensures that when a cohortmemebrship is deleted .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  logs   applied
truth:  logs   trace

test:  enable the service on the local node cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  enable   chew
truth:  enable   service

test:  takes a url and returns a dictionary of the url => those url .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  compare   xlsx
truth:  compare   query

test:  generates average summary average for average decay .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  creates datestring event .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   controls
truth:  creates   ids

test:  determine if the docstring supports any of the first docstring to be used for the frequency package that require a given frequency frequency .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  choose   focused
truth:  choose   dates

test:  private function to return a single uppercase key .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  get   customized
truth:  get   salt

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  construct   wanted
truth:  construct   filename

test:  get terminal size for share/jupyter .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  determine module is available .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  determine   tear
truth:  determine   module

test:  return a pb implementation of aws integration .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   plucks
truth:  resize   window

test:  return a list of users that belong to the given mount point .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  retrieves the total like object for a given user/group and its children .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  fetches   enhance
truth:  fetches   items

test:  returns the string of a message field for an arbitrary field .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  find the filename of a filename in the given filename .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  rescale the rescale operator to log file .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  log   located
truth:  log   method

test:  return a formal match in a given regexp pattern .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  pulls   newlines
truth:  pulls   dimensions

test:  reconstruction on a masked array should be zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  accept   review
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  decrypt a string with the given key and rsa with the specified key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  convert utf8 decoded to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  utf-8   unifies
truth:  utf-8   encoding

test:  update one or more static files names .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  generate   stores
truth:  generate   name

test:  return data to a postgres server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   fleiss
truth:  return   mysql

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk on-disk and on-disk are marked as file .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  initialize a container .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  create   pass
truth:  create   document

test:  standard boilerplate qt a file .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  html document generator that returns the document of whole and contains get@process .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  return   bounds
truth:  return   table

test:  exeggcutess female sprite -- same as male .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  set traffic server configuration variables cli example: .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   hanging
truth:  set   variables

test:  uk -  .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  -   allocate
truth:  -   user

test:  return a wsgi json string .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  create   search
truth:  create   d

test:  return a top-level top-level matrix in sparse row** format for a sparse matrix .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  unquote all the keys in "data_dict" to strings .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  restores   usage_key_string
truth:  restores   view

test:  return the registry of a certain window .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  get   routing
truth:  get   registry

test:  inject names from a shell to a shell that yields the slot shell .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  ensures that the degree from both the degree and see if the right coordinate is given .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  checks   align
truth:  checks   observation

test:  check if the completion header is set correctly .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  check   assume
truth:  check   header

test:  compute the p-th inverse of the subcorr sensor .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   repairs
truth:  compute   correlation

test:  helper to create a simple variable .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  create a column in the insert come out of a prefetched user .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   sums
truth:  create   expression

test:  the root directory for zipline root .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  read a dictionary containing the contents and return the key_id .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   bring
truth:  read   page

test:  removes irc color and mirc color .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  setup a canned .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  see   safe_octal
truth:  see   class

test:  make sure that the gettext is built .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   ascii
truth:  make   gnu

test:  return a list of typical models for all related models for the given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  return   lcmv
truth:  return   models

test:  when this post call to update the manifest in time zone .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  update   point
truth:  update   status

test:  send an event to a mattermost channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  send   fitnesse
truth:  send   events

test:  inserts a string that can be used on a tree .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  replaces   pulls
truth:  replaces   null

test:  return the configuration directory .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  check if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  returns the value of the user-agent sdk .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  returns an iterable of all values in the given list .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  returns the number of interval of the num config found .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   unshelve
truth:  returns   interval

test:  require a perms user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  get the amount of commits for this process .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  sample   compose
truth:  sample   usage

test:  tests that the accept suggestion is improved when the on-disk suggestion is unknown .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  tests   bootstrap
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  register a new lltd class for the given lltd class .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  add faces from melded loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  returns true if the given address is a throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  determine   based
truth:  determine   address

test:  list partitions to which a partition belongs cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  list   crops
truth:  list   partitions

test:  convert an integer to a positive integer .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  ensures   bench
truth:  ensures   value

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   arrive
truth:  return   escape

test:  given an previous lags and a repoze .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  pulls   inform
truth:  pulls   entry

test:  get the local network interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  updates the blocks of the specified device .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   populating
truth:  return   info

test:  perform the significance of weighted objective .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  transforms   reported
truth:  transforms   function

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  avoid   supports
truth:  avoid   text

test:  check if we are currently anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  create a wtforms credentials for gce slave filetype .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  return system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  add a menu plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   compressing
truth:  add   menu

test:  check to see if a queue exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  clears the figure .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  clear   parens
truth:  clear   figure

test:  list task remote tasks .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   mount
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   pulls
truth:  encrypts   null

test:  return the url to use when a url belongs to a url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  return   intialize
truth:  return   root

test:  return a list of all empty directories on the master .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the bridge to track the brs .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  returns   totodiles
truth:  returns   machines

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  compute   orthoganlize
truth:  compute   hash

test:  check if the focus coordinate behaves as being mapped to the same .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  check   something

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  skip   carry
truth:  skip   test

test:  check if the volume is valid output of the given class .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the average precision of the given image data .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  for a specific format type and return it .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  get a usable python file object from a file .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  pulls   attribute
truth:  pulls   statements

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   pack
truth:  prewitt   edge

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  pulls   unzips
truth:  pulls   drivers

test:  return a temporary file object that makes the file on a given file .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  import the module and return the python codec .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  perform an openid request via openid .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   pulls
truth:  complete   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   freeze
truth:  test   processing

test:  returns the money representation of the given currency .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  patch crypto backends .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  patches   requested
truth:  patches   detection

test:  compute the interquartile range for the given valuesif .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  drops   clip
truth:  drops   record

test:  check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns the version of the user-agent .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  delete text with the text .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  returns true if this word has any of: - divisors in it .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   simulating
truth:  returns   input

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  convert a string to a space-separated list .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  return   tracked
truth:  return   s

test:  returns a function that is used to pimap a custom iterable for the given function in the given function .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get the result of object for the given object .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   redefine
truth:  iterate   slices

test:  command line options to parse a builtin builtin .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  wsgi wsgi environment as a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  turns   located
truth:  turns   method

test:  return a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  creates an instance of the loop .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  check if mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   encoding
truth:  check   mongo

test:  repack options specified by the logrecord .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  update the user to signal .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  remove an image from the wagtailimages_image_model .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  reverse   pulls
truth:  reverse   null

test:  the stream factory that is used per default .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   link
truth:  stream   factory

test:  check if file is in file of environment variables .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  generate an identity identity request .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a row suitable for use with some <script> tag .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   highlight
truth:  returns   row

test:  return the boot options from the user .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  return iterator of indices where each row is the iterator of the fraction of the iterator is the iterator .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  return   manages
truth:  return   expansion

test:  looks at the specified repo .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  helper to forward a configuration .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  return application array using memory .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  instantiate   roundrobin
truth:  instantiate   application

test:  returns the count of last count that a file .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  pulls   sparks
truth:  pulls   number

test:  filter out all subset of a progress widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  initialize   branching
truth:  initialize   progress

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   deflate
truth:  parse   config

test:  generate unique id in uuid4 format .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  put   get_auth_provider
truth:  put   hold

test:  runs the application server .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  remove   sleep
truth:  remove   files

test:  function prints non argument for certain osr routines .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  set up the tcp binary sensor .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  instance of no adding a adding an item to its own significant no url .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if *obj* is a pair .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  pulls   returns
truth:  pulls   something

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  deletes   mount
truth:  deletes   task

test:  get all available regions for the amazon codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  tries   stores
truth:  tries   name

test:  individual insert/commit pairs via the orm "bulk" .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  batched   attribute
truth:  batched   statements

test:  test basic input creation fails .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  pulls   ssl
truth:  pulls   errors

test:  return a list of all default values .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  return a short string representation of floating points into a floating css file .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  export a single json to site .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   aliased
truth:  export   json

test:  returns a list of the module list of the given app name .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  get   init
truth:  get   modules

test:  download all the workflows workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  downloads   moves
truth:  downloads   updates

test:  create an rpc for use in configuring rpc server .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   listen
truth:  create   key

test:  site config from the given config .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  updates   talking
truth:  updates   dict

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  setup the dte binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   adding
truth:  setup   gpio

test:  return the number of end pointer to be written in a document .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  declares some extra key as a list of key tuples .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   translates
truth:  declares   flags

test:  workdir c++ .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  test   loved
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  pulls   seek
truth:  pulls   subscriptions

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   mutes
truth:  returns   app

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   urlencode
truth:  delete   item

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   dtype
truth:  removes   arg

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   autofill
truth:  find   magnitude

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  gathers the stats from the bucket .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  returns   stopped
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  gets the specified entity by id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  returns   override
truth:  returns   converter

test:  test starting a guiprocess twice .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   prettify
truth:  test   process

test:  testing the solid t0 and shared t0 .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  get ancestor variables for a certain collection .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  show details of a particular openid requests for an openid user .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  returns the file from os .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   flip
truth:  emulate   python

test:  convert a frame frame to a human readable format .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  make   github
truth:  make   frame

test:  remove packages that belong to be deleted .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   constructs
truth:  remove   lock

test:  return a manage for the duration of a project .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  return path to the directory where we are placed .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   retain
truth:  return   platform

test:  returns all registered metagenomeseqs routes .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   skips
truth:  switch   connections

test:  returns the message storage on the session .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   prioritized
truth:  returns   messages

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merge   leaves
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  manage ip list for smtp connections .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  manage   disemvowels
truth:  manage   smtp

test:  verify the text on the class text .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  failed   containing
truth:  failed   ip

test:  generates and returns a string of the subtask and the responses object that is generated by the given emails and the action button .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  store   tile
truth:  store   information

test:  return a set of all redis queues .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  return the support page of the website .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   grouping
truth:  return   system

test:  force django 1 .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  stop   clones
truth:  stop   server

test:  find a new clause with the columns of columns .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  locate   mounts
truth:  locate   objects

test:  ignores a url to the wiki form for .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  transforms an otu log table by the given axis .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  get the value of makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  test logarithmic option with a bad character option .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  change make_virtualenv of a tensor to one node .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  join   input_string
truth:  join   join

test:  return the cli wheel for the given test .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  test   unload
truth:  test   client

test:  only load this module if the composer python module is installed .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  generate   intrepret
truth:  generate   pdf

test:  register a mapping of mapping codes to the provided scheme .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  given   spyders
truth:  given   scheme

test:  return if the singleton of owner is corresponds to the most recent project of the attachments .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  return   forgot
truth:  return   project

test:  return detailed information about the vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  returns the symbol symbol for a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns the wigner algorithm .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  calculate   duplicates
truth:  calculate   symbol

test:  decorator to make sure that the login user is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  pulls   registering
truth:  pulls   views

test:  convert a numeric boolean to a python equivalent .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   binding
truth:  get   fact

test:  returns the model class for the given comment from the right view .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  return file tree in the coverage .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return a tax version of the server that owns the given request .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  mount virtualbox guest additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   jitter
truth:  remove   guest

test:  test whether a path is a file .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   define
truth:  test   path

test:  only sysadmins may pass this value .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   allocate
truth:  ignore   user

test:  returns the distance between a and y .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  show   registers
truth:  show   product

test:  return the projection of vectors to ignore the least two arrays .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  return   running
truth:  return   math

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   retain
truth:  ask   platform

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   nose
truth:  get   prefix

test:  maximum of array along the threshold axis .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  pulls   unzip
truth:  pulls   year

test:  return the metric for the given name .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  determine if a model is multiple of the given model .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   like
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  return the vm data .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  scan   restoring
truth:  scan   data

test:  test installing from a wheel with pip install .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  convert a name to a list of form required by table .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   singular
truth:  get   volumes

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  simulate   pings
truth:  simulate   behavior

test:  asserts that two arrays are equal .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  assert   collecting
truth:  assert   b

test:  login to the fresh session .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   stream
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses the window from a given window .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  returns true if running on the passed request is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   knapsack
truth:  returns   request

test:  a helper function to makepatch modified by specifying the unclean .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert central color word and subdirectory .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  map   overriding
truth:  map   dimension

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  try to match the given string with the given etags .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  test   int
truth:  test   match

test:  return the unicode string of string decoded using the given string .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  make   shared
truth:  make   string

test:  decorator to make a view that checks the user is logged in .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  process indentation timestamp .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  process   childnodes
truth:  process   timestamp

test:  saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  saves   r^2
truth:  saves   form

test:  decorator that will add a session to a function if a session has been added .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  calculate the sine of a sound stocenv: stocenv: of input shape .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   pulls
truth:  time   null

test:  parse an html fragment that is valid .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  sanitizes   manage
truth:  sanitizes   fragment

test:  downloads all available updates .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  set the preferred time zone for the user .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   start
truth:  set   zone

test:  return a dictionary without repeated entries .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  filter   forms
truth:  filter   result

test:  return whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   trailing
truth:  return   flag

test:  notifies a notification via rpc .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  deprecated   pulls
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  transform individual index definition to index definition .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   hacked
truth:  transform   buffer

test:  construct a free group returning (freegroup and inject f_0 .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   rising
truth:  construct   group

test:  outputs a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  outputs   fake
truth:  outputs   load

test:  insert nodes into the given path .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   urlencode
truth:  insert   item

test:  a course entry for all students on a particular problem for all students on a particular problem for download .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  pulls   k_elemwise_unary_rowmajor_copy(used
truth:  pulls   problem

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   project
truth:  generates   ascii

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  repartition dask dataframe by ranges from a dask dataframe parameters divisions : dask .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  repartition   pulls
truth:  repartition   null

test:  load a pickle file to disk .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  return the path to the template directory of a template .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  prompt to call a number to the latest arguments in the argument .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  prompt   xfail
truth:  prompt   help

test:  send an sms .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  returns close families of bridge/device and edges .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  writes the newest x to the multiply of x and b kronecker .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  return   registers
truth:  return   product

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   forwards
truth:  find   image

test:  decorator for methods:: class used by the retrieval argument to define a decorator that coerces the given type .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return a list of the names of the current query string .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  format   simulate
truth:  format   spec

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  module function to pickle a full pickle module .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  process given rules using the provided rules .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  walk   unescapes
truth:  walk   rule

test:  find the stats in the given tokens .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  return the binary string for an autogenerated binary buffer .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create filtering from a property in the list .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   switch
truth:  update   list

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  returns the user that the password a specific user id .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  return the value of the specified bank file .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  return   datetimes
truth:  return   epoch

test:  discretize model by integrating numerically the values on an image .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder from lang uses the placeholders vary headers .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  generate the application rst for the files .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   prettyprint
truth:  generate   examples

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  pulls   hits
truth:  pulls   filter

test:  returns a mssql version .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  create soundcloud handler for the specified path .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  make   knapsack
truth:  make   request

test:  retain a media_player after use decrement the reference count of a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  retain   localize
truth:  retain   reference

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  validates the specified docstrings .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  send pending notification to central .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  sends   pulls
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  return the mlevel level and the given level .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  convert   preserve
truth:  convert   int

test:  read the best best as an memmap for some given value .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  pickle   unmap
truth:  pickle   descriptors

test:  calculate probability for distribution parameters distfn : distribution instance of same parameters freq : distribution the upper distribution for each period : int number of parameters freq : distribution .
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   reported
truth:  estimate   function

test:  admin view that displays the settings to the user .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  find the index of a 3d line with respect to y .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  return   smooth
truth:  return   vector

test:  check if a file exists and is chrdev .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  returns the path to the file at the given absolute path .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   thrusting
truth:  return   space

test:  listen for state changes based on configuration .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  listen   loads
truth:  listen   changes

test:  plots the harris points of images .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plots   forwards
truth:  plots   image

test:  formats a human readable size .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  format   analyzes
truth:  format   size

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   commit
truth:  clone   repository

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   stubbed
truth:  adds   headers

test:  return s if s may be a string .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  append   pulls
truth:  append   null

test:  returns outgoing queue to read fifo from outgoing queue .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  get   scaled
truth:  get   queue

test:  set quota usage for all activities .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  sets   capture
truth:  sets   bit

test:  return a response object suitable for writing to a given response .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  convert   install
truth:  convert   response

test:  return the index where to insert item v in list a .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  setup the lifx platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  yaml: finder execute a finder build status code .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  return a highpass point number within a partition filter .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  filters   convers
truth:  filters   enumeration

test:  returns a list of user_ids for a user .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  converts   controls
truth:  converts   ids

test:  return the result of a class with the given data .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  result   shared
truth:  result   string

test:  returns the pid of the server .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate all pairwise of a sequence .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  pair   pulls
truth:  pair   null

test:  can work on a tuple of individual .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  tests   docfield
truth:  tests   angle

test:  test sensitivity specificity is true .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   commits
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  if a string is a unicode string .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  unicode   suppose
truth:  unicode   algorithm

test:  produce a dictionary with optional attributes -- converts a dictionary to a dictionary with the keys provided .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  remove   review
truth:  remove   keys

test:  common code for benchmarks .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  import   stores
truth:  import   name

test:  unpack a septets .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek 1000 units .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   categorize
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   returning
truth:  evaluates   tan

test:  return options used for the blowing .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  removes colors of a text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  generate the full path to data files .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  copy the parent class for a column .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  decorates   constrained
truth:  decorates   functions

test:  determines if we are using proxy process in proxy .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  render a formset that is being used to refer a formset .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   ssl
truth:  render   errors

test:  return the new service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   reduced
truth:  add   cli

test:  a list of available stats .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  stats   attacked
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install or upgrade remote server dependencies .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   stringify
truth:  install   utils

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   increment
truth:  return   gradient

test:  sets cookie(s) as provided by the query string and redirects to cookie list .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  decorator to mark an api method as values in the given data .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  returns   located
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  parses a resource and returns a tuple of bucket and collection .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant p in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  reads and returns the contents of a file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  return   bartels
truth:  return   contents

test:  compile vm diagnostics data .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   restoring
truth:  compile   data

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to a particular review log .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   switch
truth:  display   list

test:  checks that the arguments for an kinto method .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  called at the end of the function .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  for each alternative and bad individual and js files .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  writes the filesystem path to cache .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  writes   enhanced
truth:  writes   object

test:  determine if the given action verify for the converted handlers .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verify   attempt
truth:  verify   extension

test:  return the attribute of the given relationship to be used in the given document .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  generate   overlay
truth:  generate   func

test:  check that the response is an upgrade one of the given successful upgrade response .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  match   pulls
truth:  match   null

test:  uses the given class to infer the previously streaming of the new class .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  shows the specified model of the given path .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  show   rescanning
truth:  show   weights

test:  associate current auth with an email address in the user .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return the current active thread for a thread .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  get   executed
truth:  get   dictionary

test:  return a tuple of node with a list of values .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  convert   presents
truth:  convert   mapping

test:  writes an interface to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  writes   labeled
truth:  writes   file

test:  a decorator that adds a function to the handler for memoizing .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  pulls   caused
truth:  pulls   return

test:  find the dot product between m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   registers
truth:  find   product

test:  validate that a given model is supported .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  check   pushing
truth:  check   model

test:  convert a name of the beer stroke point into a point name .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  ignore other arp-cache .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   pulls
truth:  ignore   null

test:  fires after code is executed in response to user/frontend action .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   batch
truth:  fires   code

test:  simple wrapper for blockdiag .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  like indentation .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  use the user to set the google domains .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  sets   estimating
truth:  sets   domains

test:  updates a users profile with a new user .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  select the appropriate one element of x .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  select   eliminates
truth:  select   elements

test:  the gui for each images .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  returns an encoder for a string field .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  the changed languages shows the on-disk languages .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  pulls   changes
truth:  pulls   languages

test:  itemgetter with the item in list .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  fixes   pulls
truth:  fixes   null

test:  run a task hook if required .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  invokes   challengenes
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  obtain   echoes
truth:  obtain   prefixes

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate wrapper shell script for java test sources .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  build   register
truth:  build   wrapper

test:  concatenate a list of characters .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  concatenate   exposes
truth:  concatenate   values

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  computes the circular central moment of the domain of a sequence .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a default value of a category .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  returns   printing
truth:  returns   locale

test:  expand raw degeneracies into raw scalar .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  mark a function as not requiring a method .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  utf-8   pulls
truth:  utf-8   null

test:  write all the sub-directories of markdown to a temp directory .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   sanitize
truth:  write   libraries

test:  drop stats from the log file .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  compute   attacked
truth:  compute   stats

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns current position of the command to prefix .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  prefixes   echoes
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  check it works and it behaves names .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  returns the approximate approximate method padded name for the given arguments and an instance of the form .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  returns a list of top topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load an error message .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  pulls   overlapping
truth:  pulls   tm

test:  generate a head of a repository reference containing a head .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  resolve   orthoganlize
truth:  resolve   hash

test:  return the adapter name for a given port or adapter .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a trace that emits the differences of each dataframe .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  convert   embeds
truth:  convert   pandas

test:  tests that all rules are not accepted correctly .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  convert a string like a boolean to a boolean value .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  return   bootstraps
truth:  return   callable

test:  return a new native versions of arrays .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  calculate   poll
truth:  calculate   versions

test:  return current repositories cli example: .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  get   profiling
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  dont accept a string .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  get unique ft_library filter if it exists .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   wrapping
truth:  get   handle

test:  measure of all zeros of the dataset .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  compute   mocks
truth:  compute   scores

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  creates a campaign feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return the path component of a pathname .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  return   default
truth:  return   part

test:  returns a list of paths to user-provides paths from the base paths and connections the path .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  forms a request in a unix templates .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  mimics   lambda
truth:  mimics   django

test:  search for potential potential potential potential .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  verifies that the policy is admin on the target in this context .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  returns the unicode layer in a layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  pulls   flattens
truth:  pulls   output

test:  creates a new private key .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   overlay
truth:  run   func

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   poll
truth:  returns   versions

test:  itemfield view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the img onto a canvas with the specified background color and size .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  used   indicating
truth:  used   images

test:  finds all the gating milestones and the given course key .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  finds   svn
truth:  finds   dicts

test:  wait to see select output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  wait   xlsx
truth:  wait   query

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wraps a package root directory of the provided arch .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  bootstrap   forwards
truth:  bootstrap   image

test:  this function does not look up the parameters of the specified params .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  starts the browser web server .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  launch a review branch dialogs .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  diff   capitalizes
truth:  diff   revision

test:  auxiliary function that converts a hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags that have a series of human readable mask (ip2int for inclusion in the range .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the environment to the inspect args: app: : the app representing the current request object returns: dict: one .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  check if the passed in assignments are sane .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  walk   switch
truth:  walk   list

test:  kills the last salt command .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  add   emitting
truth:  add   character

test:  retrieve the cpu number for a process affinity .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  create the array of byte and thanks to the shape of each element in the sequence .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  function   colorizes
truth:  function   matlab

test:  reorder the value into a list x and integer vector x .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  rotate   prepopulates
truth:  rotate   bits

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  ensure that the snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of the snapshot to remove recursive : false if recursive : boolean also destroy all the snapshot
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   indexes
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the color number of the most recent values .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  value   bench
truth:  value   value

test:  return a new lists that contains a single transformed points .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  calculates   bench
truth:  calculates   value

test:  if the unit file has not changed to another page .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a list of the tables table names in the list of tables .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  generates   switch
truth:  generates   list

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   echo
truth:  get   minimum

test:  return a new entry that is suitable for the given id .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   search
truth:  generate   d

test:  parse a document from a url .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  reads   hover
truth:  reads   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   joins
truth:  get   cluster

test:  directory tree generator .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  helper method for without repeated checks if the items of the list is less than the items before it is displayed than the first element .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  quote a string for safe and escapes .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  translates a model into a given example .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  builds   pulls
truth:  builds   null

test:  permanently delete an object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   behave
truth:  usage   sync

test:  setup the insteon sensors .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  perform   demonstrates
truth:  perform   setup

test:  add given tenant to the flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  add   append
truth:  add   tenant

test:  add a thread to the queue .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  return the prng resources required for the application .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   widening
truth:  determine   location

test:  returns a string representation of the given number .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  outputs   tests
truth:  outputs   span

test:  find xmin in four address space from four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   bench
truth:  find   value

test:  gets the scaling policy for a group .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  parse an s3 uri into a short identifier .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  returns the map relation for a given type relation .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   teardown
truth:  map   type

test:  convert unix ticks into a time instance .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  deprecated   skipped
truth:  deprecated   use

test:  return the path to the s3cache .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  sets the equivalencies registry in the unit registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  pr the geonode release .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  download   unquote
truth:  download   note

test:  delete a ip address .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  create   paging
truth:  create   interface

test:  require a unfreeze for the named container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  pulls   satisfy
truth:  pulls   container

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   comma
truth:  remove   whitespace

test:  extended euclidean algorithm for the private scratch space .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  extended   suppose
truth:  extended   algorithm

test:  try to parse a message .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  pulls   overlay
truth:  pulls   func

test:  return the version of locate cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  filters duplicates of iterable .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  return   eliminates
truth:  return   elements

test:  parse a string in the format of: int .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  return status code plus status text descriptive message .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  get the vsphere object args: obj_name : the name of or path to the object .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  get   remote_api
truth:  get   inheritance

test:  shows all of the students in a course .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  remove all mappers from all classes .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  special in a specific set of trusted or compiled file .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  determines whether a path matches a symbolic graph .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute the product of the square matrix x in real .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  displays currently executed file return the name .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   stores
truth:  displays   name

test:  copy files and destination into one .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  pulls   generating
truth:  pulls   shell

test:  this view creates an ssh public settings .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  render   bring
truth:  render   page

test:  remove all commit_on_success that match the keys in jobs .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   restoring
truth:  clean   data

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  support   reported
truth:  support   function

test:  start the cci instance running successful events .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  return   projects
truth:  return   cci

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib .
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  a salt drawing interface .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  used   lstrip
truth:  used   set

test:  returns a n-dimensional tree constructed from source sets .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  return   configured
truth:  return   tree

test:  returns a string representation of the given escape .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  wait until multiple threads can be applied .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  take   switch
truth:  take   list

test:  change the package for a given package name the name of the port to be installed in the package cli example: .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  pulls   receives
truth:  pulls   port

test:  validates that a list of valid arguments are valid .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  validates   exposes
truth:  validates   values

test:  this takes a node which is preserved like 1 and converts it to a list of nodes .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  surround   banned
truth:  surround   children

test:  test that a multiple condition inside a newline .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  ensure   shows
truth:  ensure   subclass

test:  element-wise equality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  displayed or admin line number .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  refresh   small_stmts
truth:  refresh   line

test:  sets the date on which the password expires .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   temperature
truth:  sets   date

test:  generate a user pdf for courses .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  retrieve a single user object .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  retrieves   disconnect
truth:  retrieves   courses

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  return the current ioloop object .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the distance between two vectors .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  cross   register
truth:  cross   wrapper

test:  test installing from a git url which contains an editable url .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   commit
truth:  test   repository

test:  after the first in the channels that has a particular polygon .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   sums
truth:  pick   expression

test:  returns the unified output for the specified diff string .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  generate   asserts
truth:  generate   diff

test:  create a matplotlib light with a widget and color .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  return the default currency company .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  adds a function to be executed upon normal program .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  adds   constrain
truth:  adds   attribute

test:  extracts the requested token information from the oauth token and returns it .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  pulls   knapsack
truth:  pulls   request

test:  generates a suitable url for a given url .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  return true if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  extract auth .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  pulls   receiving
truth:  pulls   js

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new action for an icon .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   preface
truth:  generates   degree

test:  decode a bom encoding string from one of the target python 2 .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  check   shared
truth:  check   string

test:  returns true if single tap succeeds .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  generate a path to a file .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  load   indicating
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   simplifies
truth:  upgrade   packages

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  decorator that provided exclude to the provided streams .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  replaces   takes
truth:  replaces   stream

test:  push a mirrors to the repo config .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  apply   yields
truth:  apply   push

test:  return the url for the binary app .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  load social auth current user data to context .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  add   targeting
truth:  add   backends

test:  notify about new suggestion .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  notify   bootstrap
truth:  notify   suggestion

test:  simple old configuration file .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  setup the rfxtrxmod component .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   msg
truth:  setup   component

test:  returns a list of all extractors .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  converts all the keys in a dict to their original values .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  set   review
truth:  set   keys

test:  return a list of refs to correct refs .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  set adjust option as float .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  set   cause
truth:  set   option

test:  computes the gauss-legendre quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  pulls   interact
truth:  pulls   legendre

test:  the most recent errors a line based on the requirement requirement .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  pulls   find
truth:  pulls   boolean

test:  changes the amount of memory allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   store
truth:  changes   memory

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  read this file and return a modified options .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  convert special html characters in string to html-safe sequences .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  returns   digs
truth:  returns   html

test:  check for html in the course against the specified course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  determine   catch
truth:  determine   course

test:  returns doctest the doctest .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  run   establish
truth:  run   py

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  renders the storage account details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   bounds
truth:  renders   table

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  get api method for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   install
truth:  get   response

test:  return true if the named api exists cli example: .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  check   satisfy
truth:  check   container

test:  returns true if the given xxxxxxxxxx has the same permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  compute the orient statistic for a multipart forward .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts the given value to a python expression .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  ensure   grab
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns the given content type .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  fetch a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  register vcs handler to be available .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a dict describing the arguments passed in variable_list .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  checks that the mayavi version is supported .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return filename matching name .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  return   block
truth:  return   chars

test:  convert the current time to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  given   gauss
truth:  given   strings

test:  test subtraction of epochs .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  test   fitnesse
truth:  test   events

test:  parses a snapshot of the snapshot and returns a dictionary of recorded meta .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   loved
truth:  parse   doc

test:  returns a random column of standard data .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  create a new datacenter in the specified datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  creates   deleted
truth:  creates   datacenter

test:  helper to strip off a string .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  remove   drawing
truth:  remove   tags

test:  make sure that a property with a usage attribute name is not set to a new name .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  handle   deallocate
truth:  handle   worker

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   sparks
truth:  format   number

test:  stores the old class for an object .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  entry point for sphinx extension .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  construct   mutes
truth:  construct   app

test:  converts the decorated function to a cloudblockstoragevolume object .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  registered handler for filters on the parent form .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate the string where [base and metrics is the same .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generate   rolls
truth:  generate   substitution

test:  generate a new cookie for an double-precision key .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   listen
truth:  generate   key

test:  uploads an object protected by a google storage file .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  uploads   enhanced
truth:  uploads   object

test:  keeps the task-executing function .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  pulls   unserialize
truth:  pulls   integration

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  load a module if it is installed .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the largest transformation of a point vector .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  convert a dict to a protobuf .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  populates   pushing
truth:  populates   model

test:  loads a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  load   labeled
truth:  load   file

test:  return a copy of the string s with all the tokens replaced by the appropriate member .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  creates a stats function string for each word in it to be written to it .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  compute the blended transform of the frequency coordinates .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  obtain input reader parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  obtain   offset
truth:  obtain   parameters

test:  ensure that the named index template is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   regressiont
truth:  ensure   index

test:  convert an image to the image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  handle   choice
truth:  handle   formats

test:  return true if string is a valid convex name .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  return the complete url for a backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  gets   spawns
truth:  gets   endpoint

test:  start the service and return the start of it .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   patched
truth:  get   y

test:  return the number of integer id associated with the given binary .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  this test reveal a list containing that is thrown by the 32-character methods on parameters .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  tests   usage_key_string
truth:  tests   view

test:  sets the cuda configuration for the current thread .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  function   rectified
truth:  function   cuda

test:  allows a string like language .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  pulls   consisting
truth:  pulls   link

test:  determines if a finder snippet for a path .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  return   rank
truth:  return   finder

test:  return true if all items a sequence are already within the sequence .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   reveal
truth:  check   sequence

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  test   corresponding
truth:  test   wheel

test:  same as a == b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  returns a tuple of the pootle version .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  returns true if the given node has a contain attribute .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  decorator factory to track track the entity .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  pulls   currents
truth:  pulls   state

test:  p: a stim channel for all the apps in the same way as the problem for the given channel .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  synthesize   overrides
truth:  synthesize   channel

test:  the ln extraction returns a new string representation of the label given in a ln .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  draw   preprocessing
truth:  draw   char

test:  return a string from a raw line .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  parse   eliminates
truth:  parse   elements

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   blocks
truth:  test   representation

test:  extract code from the py code it .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  formats   batch
truth:  formats   code

test:  lazy path must be no python .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  extract   initializes
truth:  extract   program

test:  return the display options for the provided settings .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  given   forbid
truth:  given   options

test:  model a case with failed concurrency while passing an exception .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  return the meshes given its file extension .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  loads   pulls
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of top answers submitted to the given exps rule .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  gets   coordinates
truth:  gets   exploration

test:  generate a single test that only contains duplicated cases .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generate   cleave
truth:  generate   providers

test:  label: set the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  test io for label + io .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  return a union of *transformers .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  returns a string representation of a document .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   searching
truth:  return   architecture

test:  get the path to the theme theme by the given theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  test if we have a keys for duplicate keys .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  test   svn
truth:  test   dicts

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   regressiont
truth:  generates   index

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   inverts
truth:  attach   statuses

test:  move through south moves .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   extended
truth:  move   exit

test:  there is no threading that should have no external dependencies .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  pulls   listoffeatures2matrix
truth:  pulls   docs

test:  return true if a and b are not not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a dsa from an aws salt url parameters obj : file key : the aws key : list of dicts .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  removes   review
truth:  removes   keys

test:  parse the query_string and return the corresponding unicode string .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  translate exit status of vmadm .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  translate   point
truth:  translate   status

test:  try to unpickle module if it has been imported .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  initialize   determine
truth:  initialize   projects

test:  locate and return its language-dependent name from its language-dependent name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   present
truth:  locate   role

test:  should not create an api .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get comparison in a 2 of the two strings of length between 2 and comparing the right layer .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  returns true if the user can check the given addon and action has been created .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  preface the preface gcode text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  mill   del
truth:  mill   gcode

test:  returns true if and only if the config file for salts config parameters .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  determines   labeled
truth:  determines   file

test:  create a task that checks the specified location .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   mount
truth:  create   task

test:  project redirects to preselected view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  project   usage_key_string
truth:  project   view

test:  returns a list of roles for the given user in the given bucket .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  prints   emit
truth:  prints   access

test:  provides a media html with the media user .
truth: the media page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  convert decimal values to string .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  given   sparks
truth:  given   number

test:  gets the path of the qiime qiime if were located .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  returns   deconvolves
truth:  returns   level

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   pulls
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the versioned hmac web page .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  provide   polygon
truth:  provide   hmac

test:  parses the value of a request uri into its operating .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parse   knapsack
truth:  parse   request

test:  prints a list of changes between model instances .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  generate   import
truth:  generate   summary

test:  capture the stdout output to support email on cookies .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  save   attriute
truth:  save   stdout

test:  calibration the predictions for a set of predictions .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  pulls   lstrip
truth:  pulls   set

test:  align the input array to contain a given vector .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  parse configuration input string and return a dictionary of custom input for each section .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  returns   cause
truth:  returns   option

test:  return the message with the given message and key .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  msg   wake
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render the icon for the given icon .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   resizes
truth:  render   icon

test:  execute the command passed to subprocess .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  capture   pulls
truth:  capture   null

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  runs commands and returns true if an environment is raised by a value .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  return   unquoting
truth:  return   environment

test:  writes /usbkey/config configuration to a file .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  writes   deflate
truth:  writes   config

test:  same as a >= return a .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this attempts to search the search category for a given object .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  takes   understemmed
truth:  takes   results

test:  create a url for a given url .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  connect   pulls
truth:  connect   null

test:  make sure that line numbers is raised .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   config_modified
truth:  test   imports

test:  execute the virtual server configuration .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  call   authorizes
truth:  call   command

test:  parse a date string and return a time-zone aware datetime object .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   cross
truth:  parse   iso8601

test:  get output output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  returns   dwindle
truth:  returns   neighbor

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   symbol

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  return a dictionary of three chunks for a nested bucket .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  hash   bartels
truth:  hash   contents

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the text of hwclock and the system .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  return   sampling
truth:  return   clock

test:  get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   squeezing
truth:  get   uuid

test:  create and return a gdp_yoy from a string of the data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  return the name of the repository repository .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  determine   crop
truth:  determine   directory

test:  moves a traffic server to the given log file .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  logs   automate
truth:  logs   traffic

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  test logo logo .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   sum
truth:  test   logo

test:  return the attribute of the given runnable .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  given   trimmed
truth:  given   uri

test:  adds the set of attributes for the course .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  add   constrain
truth:  add   attribute

test:  chebyshev polynomial of the first kind on :math:[-2 .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  wait until the topology has been registered on master .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   impute
truth:  wait   topology

test:  open cover tilt for muting tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   pressing
truth:  open   cover

test:  yaml: build-user-vars set environment variables to the value of builds .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   post_save
truth:  generate   metadata

test:  def found this action is only to make it custom headers testing on test .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check for certificate certificates in the course .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  invalidate   gunzip
truth:  invalidate   certificates

test:  copy a snapshot from a zmq to a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  generate test case of test tests it would like it .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  clears the desk: plugin .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  deletes filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  delete   forgets
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  dispatch function for the field1=val instance .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  obtain   define
truth:  obtain   path

test:  convert python package name .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   present
truth:  get   role

test:  move a song protobuf to a specified content .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  rename   clean
truth:  rename   playlist

test:  write all conditional formatting xml to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  after a function is later and should also be used as parameter in a decorator to position of a single argument .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  verifies   issues
truth:  verifies   caller

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   downloading
truth:  find   package

test:  same as a .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  pulls   closes
truth:  pulls   +

test:  signals in stdout if were using a deprecated function .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  flags   located
truth:  flags   method

test:  load a class by alias and alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  load   orders
truth:  load   alias

test:  find the maximum single-commodity flow .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  the inverse of the boxcox .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  return   debugging
truth:  return   dataset

test:  test that a vcs url does not change anything .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  test   flashes
truth:  test   characters

test:  to allocate a new disk .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocates   rising
truth:  allocates   group

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  add   prioritized
truth:  add   messages

test:  test print the javascript file .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  encodes the entrance exam identified by a background exam as a background task .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encode   escapes
truth:  encode   student

test:  check if a string is a block level html tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper to create a figure .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  creates   parens
truth:  creates   figure

test:  declare a subset of cover art for the given numba type .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  insert   abandoned
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  calculate the relative covariance of x and direction parameters x : ndarray the number of steps to left : float design : float array u_t .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  compute   clamp
truth:  compute   area

test:  see filetimes .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  pulls   multiprocessing
truth:  pulls   css

test:  get the carving for the xml file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  pulls   remains
truth:  pulls   v1

test:  print a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a fuse in beginning to sorts the given dask with optional dsk .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  get port by name on virtual machine clusters .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  return   receives
truth:  return   port

test:  move the changes in the history history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   small_stmts
truth:  move   line

test:  computes a series of _idiffchange s to turn mapping_a into clusters assuming that these are left and different counter .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  constructs   asserts
truth:  constructs   diff

test:  return a string representing the document for this job .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  format   tsv
truth:  format   components

test:  initialize the epoll() logging for a process .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   code
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape & .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  convert   flashes
truth:  convert   characters

test:  assign a role to username .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  remove   text
truth:  remove   username

test:  find the first element in the text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  handle   compressing
truth:  handle   menu

test:  get the global entity ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  remove a file if it does not exist .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  changes if language is trusted for db .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  checks   stretch
truth:  checks   language

test:  from github issue #1854 .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  see   knapsack
truth:  see   request

test:  imports an object from a string including imports and class .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   safe_octal
truth:  import   class

test:  calls the monitor function applied to the given monitor on a specific example .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  check if a module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  check   tear
truth:  check   module

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  parse enzyme records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterates   labeled
truth:  iterates   file

test:  only work on solaris based systems .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  set   tear
truth:  set   module

test:  set the context of a palette with 'darkgrid' and the palette .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   offset
truth:  set   parameters

test:  enable or disable shipping handler for the current request .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  checks that the specified places and raises an exception if the message is not none .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  fail   mounts
truth:  fail   objects

test:  return the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  makes a string with an xml fragment .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  combines   shared
truth:  combines   string

test:  test activation token to be listed in the current context .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  pulls   equalize
truth:  pulls   email

test:  returns the size of the logs buffer .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  returns   decorating
truth:  returns   log

test:  returns all byte types from byte string .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  cast   enhanced
truth:  cast   object

test:  a context manager that will return the time of the current time .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  helps   binhexed
truth:  helps   tests

test:  create the hotp secret for the given secret and encoded data structure .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  generate   polygon
truth:  generate   hmac

test:  load authentication credentials .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  returns   expose
truth:  returns   credentials

test:  sorts the version of plugincontext by the sort method .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  javascript message to be embedded for use in javascript code .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  dump   aliased
truth:  dump   json

test:  collect multiple option values into a single list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  collect   exposes
truth:  collect   values

test:  returns the path for a specific configuration file .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   exposes
truth:  retrieves   values

test:  validate that the host is a valid host and optionally exponent .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   assume
truth:  validate   header

test:  disable the gc of the gc collector collector .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  set   turns
truth:  set   collector

test:  return the string representation of the provided unit .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parses   shared
truth:  parses   string

test:  create a new xor cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   hatching
truth:  create   cipher

test:  used to find a single file .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the object for the specified targets .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  is   stores
truth:  is   name

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  print the procedure line and the layer by the layer .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  print   pulls
truth:  print   null

test:  uses the given triplets returned from the given whatever .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   reading
truth:  unpack   agent

test:  calculate the scalar column of a set of pairs .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  pulls   mail
truth:  pulls   creation

test:  get html and print it .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  returns   failing
truth:  returns   style

test:  uninstall a feature using dism args: feature : the full path to the feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  disables   saving
truth:  disables   feature

test:  validate and return a string for use in a command line .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  filter   represent
truth:  filter   failure

test:  get the pci device based on the pci address of the device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  trim indentation and blank lines to just remove " .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trims   algorithm
truth:  trims   points

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   created
truth:  return   mode

test:  return true if namespace is a valid name .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  name   refresh
truth:  name   scripts

test:  validate a number of characters to be a base number .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  encodes   sparks
truth:  encodes   number

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazard filter .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   pulls
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a locale to find the list of accepted locales .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  get   let
truth:  get   fallback

test:  print out qresult .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  function   easy_installed
truth:  function   hits

test:  get the profile type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  replaces the url with css_selector of the candidate configuration .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   pulls
truth:  replace   null

test:  choose a random string in the given nonce name .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  ensures the input prefix has gone or prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  detect   unifies
truth:  detect   encoding

test:  returns the absolute path to the comment permalink url .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  decorator to run a pickle asynchronously .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  run   lstrip
truth:  run   set

test:  create the functions that start a collection of functions .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  extract labels from node .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  create   publish
truth:  create   graph

test:  ensure that a grant is access to the current folders .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  grant   twitter
truth:  grant   auto

test:  check if a collection exists .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   reallocation
truth:  check   collection

test:  call the -> -> waf .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  in case of openid form with openid :attr request: redirect to use for openid views .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  computes the depth2space transformation of a matrix .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  get a list of objects for the product defined shop .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   controls
truth:  get   ids

test:  set an array of or values of hls color to color .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  manipulate   operate
truth:  manipulate   h

test:  resolves rel_path against windows path .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  indent text with spaces .
truth: indent text . 
test:  indent   supports
truth:  indent   text

test:  make a locale to the real menu .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  generates   compressing
truth:  generates   menu

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   printed
truth:  compile   pattern

test:  class decorator that assign a metaclass to an object .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  unset the state object if it is running .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   reveal
truth:  close   sequence

test:  returns an absolute url for the given path to the current site .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  save cover data to data file .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  saves   restoring
truth:  saves   data

test:  set port port for nginx .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  set   handles
truth:  set   site

test:  this returns a list of urls for all the resource pools .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  get all artists linked to a release or a relase .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   encapsulates
truth:  get   artists

test:  make all the whose values of a key/value dictionary is a list of opmapentry objects .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  if working is not in the file .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  require   crop
truth:  require   directory

test:  index the buffer to the buffer .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  hydrate   flattening
truth:  hydrate   field

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  scrub   randomise
truth:  scrub   message

test:  create a new project_registered for the given setup .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  return   demonstrates
truth:  return   setup

test:  get a mor value for the given object or object .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  gets the first token from an abstractrpcserver service .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  fetch   guvectorize
truth:  fetch   oauth

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   pulls
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the the request from the wsgi environment as a unicode string .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  gets   capitalizes
truth:  gets   revision

test:  yaml: phabricator this plugin allows you to define "weight" on each build .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  generates the radius of permissions for each descent in a thread .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  computes   publish
truth:  computes   graph

test:  save the load to the specified jid id .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  stores a list of all available event handler .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   borrowed
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms phasediff between src_image and other effects .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   skip
truth:  compute   difference

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   fake
truth:  save   load

test:  construct an typecode object .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  wrap   enhanced
truth:  wrap   object

test:  parse a gcode linear move text .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  returns the set of all the lti endpoints for a given course .
truth: view that . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  tests that the datetime mime t tries to be initialized in iso-8601 other string .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  get   disables
truth:  get   datetime

test:  save a model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  pulls   assures
truth:  pulls   none

test:  compute an initial state sections for the zpk filter parameters sos : array_like .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  return   summarize
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate a short .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  generate   decreases
truth:  generate   documents

test:  make validation using the _update_certificate_context() xblock if it is not in validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  process   randomise
truth:  process   message

test:  determines if string is a str .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  initialize all parameters needed for the encoder .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  lookup a given transport .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  replace all references to binary .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  validate the image id .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   forwards
truth:  check   image

test:  returns the multinomial form of a gaussian moment .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  solve   pulls
truth:  solve   null

test:  generate all permutations of a sequence .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   echoes
truth:  generate   prefixes

test:  return a default value from its on the host .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  use   located
truth:  use   method

test:  setup a gpio args .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  pulls   demonstrates
truth:  pulls   setup

test:  attempt to eclean the specified package names configured on the filesystem .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  clean   simplifies
truth:  clean   packages

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  default   reported
truth:  default   function

test:  return hex encoded md5 hash of the given file .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  produces a unit dimension of the elements of the nova dimension .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  return   cleaning
truth:  return   matrix

test:  ensure function is absent .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   backup
truth:  ensure   properties

test:  mask the email address at the end of a email address .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  mask   based
truth:  mask   address

test:  convert the given numba type to a python type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  converts   flip
truth:  converts   python

test:  converts a posix timestamp to a stream .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  shut   explode
truth:  shut   processes

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  compute an approximate basis to the given basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  return a dict describing all parameters .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  dynamically return a class from a module .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  create a decorator that will send the given interface threadpool interface .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  create   float
truth:  create   decorator

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   childnodes
truth:  provide   timestamp

test:  sort an iterable of dicts by a list of dicts .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  perform a munge .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  pulls   advance
truth:  pulls   title

test:  get a inset path .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  enforce some salt forked after adding some salt to store it in the database .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  return the correct identity and minor .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  store   randomise
truth:  store   message

test:  steps the nth standardized moment of a dataset .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  repeat   exposes
truth:  repeat   values

test:  return the named html with all named and add it to regex .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  request a task to have the xmodule as a background task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  run the given function on the given signal while getting the wrapped function .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  fix the url so it is proper formatted and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  function   tracks
truth:  function   urls

test:  returns an instance of the process .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   xyz
truth:  find   logarithm

test:  get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   disallow
truth:  get   identifiers

test:  add an inc to the data store .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  generate   signal
truth:  generate   datasets

test:  a httprpcserver for creating a response which has not been renewed or expired .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  ljust -> string return a copy of the string s with the given string .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return a blank string that indicates the given object .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  takes   instantiate
truth:  takes   arguments

test:  convert a dictionary to a list of dicts .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  breaks   pulls
truth:  breaks   null

test:  converts the version string to a tuple .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  format   shared
truth:  format   string

test:  get the close options .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   cie
truth:  use   predicate

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return a tuple of terms in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  return   dst
truth:  return   c

test:  check to see if a cache subnet group exists .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  computes the parameters of a network penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of the parameters .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   runs
truth:  computes   cost

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   digs
truth:  adds   html

test:  only work on nova .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   exploit
truth:  remove   duplicates

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  ensure that the ca ca certs from the ca directory .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  ensure   forgets
truth:  ensure   filesystem

test:  run the signals as appropriate for each thread .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  assure   resolved
truth:  assure   threads

test:  given a service name or a string .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  interpolate between from_value and to_value given the value t [0 .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  encode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get a path for a given object .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  list   bartels
truth:  list   contents

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  swap   embedded
truth:  swap   example

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with topo_view instead of x .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  train   debugging
truth:  train   dataset

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   encapsulate
truth:  destroy   instance

test:  returns the snowflake time id of the given time id .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  returns   temperature
truth:  returns   date

test:  returns a list of unique constraints names given a list of constraints .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  generates a mixture from a mixture of distributions .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  sample   pulls
truth:  sample   null

test:  return a string with all of the words converted to lowercase .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  gets the contents of this file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  gets   bartels
truth:  gets   contents

test:  helper function to cast items to the immediately process of address as a power of the item is array .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  interpret   store
truth:  interpret   memory

test:  guess the extension for a file based on its mime type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   attempt
truth:  guess   extension

test:  search for a query to be ok .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  query   pulls
truth:  query   null

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  pulls   restart
truth:  pulls   account

test:  get the list of available plugin classes .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   shortens
truth:  retrieve   classes

test:  group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  halt the specified zone to new zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  halt   start
truth:  halt   zone

test:  return an weights seqs so that they can be used to access similar to solve .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  calculate   saved
truth:  calculate   average

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  get   estimating
truth:  get   domains

test:  return true if s contains metastrings characters .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  get the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  return a quoted if the value is a fixed width .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  remove the resource at the beginning of the vbench .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  removes   terminate
truth:  removes   password

test:  default function that prints a warning .
truth: prints b . 
test:  prints   pulls
truth:  prints   null

test:  decodes document from prospective_search result post request .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  decodes   forms
truth:  decodes   result

test:  return true if filename is a framework containing a framework .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  normalize the image .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  compute the epipole allocation second matrix .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  computes   pulls
truth:  computes   null

test:  divide *val* on *val* .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  return   induce
truth:  return   testing

test:  set new key on integer filter input' .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  based on input array of arrays .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> value return the sympy expression of the expression .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  compute the samme attribute of a model .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  calculate   suppose
truth:  calculate   algorithm

test:  returns a list of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  vector the distane vector to the given axis .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  normalized   decorating
truth:  normalized   log

test:  position of partial value overlap with slice positional and apply to the size of the form .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  compute   sympy
truth:  compute   slice

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  for verify the shop of a csc .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  verify   opened
truth:  verify   re

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  helper method for l{safe_repr} this method converts several time to valid html characters in a valid url .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   deployed
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove the named file .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   search
truth:  remove   d

test:  assert a config can be changed on config class .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  assert   deflate
truth:  assert   config

test:  run a qutebrowser command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  convert or integer to int .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encodes   reshapes
truth:  encodes   serialization

test:  restart the specified app with the given id and return its status cli example: .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   freezing
truth:  restart   configuration

test:  update the servers api key cli example: .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  create an iis application .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   ellipsoid
truth:  create   pool

test:  fftsurr power spectral density using welchs method .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  compute   seq
truth:  compute   fft

test:  return a list of all available package available .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  check   chew
truth:  check   service

test:  dump error message but continue with enabled log message .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  dump   randomise
truth:  dump   message

test:  validate a regex string if the regex matches an requirements requirements .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  validate   decorate
truth:  validate   matches

test:  convert images to a file .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  rotate   forwards
truth:  rotate   image

test:  whether a site has a quantity for the given row .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  pulls   adjust
truth:  pulls   inventory

test:  tell worker(s) to push .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  pushing   unquote
truth:  pushing   note

test:  render the given html .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  render   pending
truth:  render   default

test:  access to the pokemon .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  access   adjust
truth:  access   inventory

test:  we only tell the rollout .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  takes   unquoting
truth:  takes   environment

test:  return a symbolic 4-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  try to find the users power of the single corner algorithm .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  try   imposes
truth:  try   f

test:  check that it should work and non-zero when called at runtime .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  check   extract
truth:  check   version

test:  extracts the checks for each service element in the given service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  take   uncheck
truth:  take   element

test:  provides a new des with the given message .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  validate and return a valid date for option of type date .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  builds the entrypoints prefix for the provided target id and entrypoints .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  build   switch
truth:  build   list

test:  if the user is not installed .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  pulls   rounded
truth:  pulls   purpose

test:  execute a rendering callable given the callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   regroups
truth:  execute   rendering

test:  returns the current audio loop .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  loops   evaluate
truth:  loops   clip

test:  returns mobile password for this document .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  returns true if f is not found via an item .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  allows   pulls
truth:  allows   null

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  unsubscribe a notification setting for the given hash of the given hash .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  compute the geometric transformation of the input array of the sum along the given per element .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculate   skipping
truth:  calculate   score

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  get all resources .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  get the current transaction of the timezone .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  unregister an explicit module in the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   tear
truth:  unregister   module

test:  test an error thrown when given a non-zero y or list of arrays .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  tests   minimize
truth:  tests   theano

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  build a string from a cloud-init to be used with the musicbrainz level .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  build   equalize
truth:  build   email

test:  checks if validation has validation and string as expected .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   lash
truth:  assert   validation

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  list   increase
truth:  list   nodes

test:  fixture that give text using the fixture fixture .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  simple wrapper to interface with bcache sysfs .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  decorator to support context permissions on a file .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  pulls   drawing
truth:  pulls   tags

test:  return a list of statistics for each process that could start with infinity .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given an album session .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  returns a single space with spaces .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  recurs all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurse   sleep
truth:  recurse   files

test:  this function is called upon for testing the resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  return the number of keys in the selected database cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  return a dict with unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  sends an event on a specified resource .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  send   initialized
truth:  send   notification

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled trash .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  return the status of a container cli example: .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  try to import and return the module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  imports   tear
truth:  imports   module

test:  intialize the module .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  compute the categorical distance between two distributions .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  return   feed
truth:  return   entropy

test:  convert a json representation of outgoing dispatch to an ordered dict .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  removes whitespace between html tags .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  select the *k* best individuals among the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   initalize
truth:  select   k

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  returns a dict of apple members in the given crash .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  given   indicating
truth:  given   images

test:  normalize_formset_dict -> a list of attributes .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  pulls   executed
truth:  pulls   dictionary

test:  process the message to display for each message .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  process   labeled
truth:  process   file

test:  load a django model to look up a file and return its name .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  pulls   pushing
truth:  pulls   model

test:  html to make changes in the db api .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   compile
truth:  build   documentation

test:  check for parallels configurations .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  returns the storage for the specified request .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  performs   knapsack
truth:  performs   request

test:  return a current versions for the current thread .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  it doesnt upgrade a vcs requirement that has no distributions otherwise .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  pulls   hovering
truth:  pulls   vcs

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  helper function to drop incoming shape .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  given a json file - reading a trace and a list of import templates .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  set the parameters that can be used by params_to_strings back in a params .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  create a profile map string .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  convert   deflate
truth:  convert   config

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  detects   added
truth:  detects   p

test:  test for nastiness-removal in the locale locale .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  test   changes
truth:  test   languages

test:  coerces a dictionary containing only for each pool in the specified pool .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  the main function runs the bloggerexample application with the provided username and password values .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decrypts a string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  set the install of the current network device .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  mark   extracts
truth:  mark   socket

test:  returns the given string with new .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  encode   linkify
truth:  encode   integer

test:  log a message with the given username .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a square matrix in a model .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  creates   cleaning
truth:  creates   matrix

test:  read record from file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  parses   labeled
truth:  parses   file

test:  returns a list of the mapping[name] for the given mapping type .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  test if we can create a cudandarraysharedvariable from a file .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   igor
truth:  test   device

test:  turn a list of participants into the configuration and configuration from users .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  computes   unrooted
truth:  computes   differences

test:  validate the internal cache xml file against an open file .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  validate   labeled
truth:  validate   file

test:  return a list of ipv4 from their given iterable of volumes that have a set of volumes .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   pulls
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  for each subject string in the series .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  find   shared
truth:  find   string

test:  ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   joins
truth:  ensure   cluster

test:  return the title as a list .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns the text from a twos plot in a way .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  convert   failing
truth:  convert   style

test:  delete a job based on its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  deletes   inform
truth:  deletes   entry

test:  retrieves all fires objects in a project .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  get   xlsx
truth:  get   query

test:  move the history on the history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  move   remove
truth:  move   history

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its illegal double unicode counterpart .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  base64   flashes
truth:  base64   characters

test:  get a multivariate server .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  function   forbid
truth:  function   options

test:  wraps the method so that it performs 1 .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  run users on invoked based on test or fork-worker version .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  perform the retrieving source files of the compiled framework .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of custom images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  start the standalone mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   created
truth:  start   mode

test:  write the cache to the cache file .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  updates   eliminating
truth:  updates   cache

test:  wait until the given path has been set .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  note   wait
truth:  note   servers

test:  this is a utility function to load a testing utility for testing .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  function   escapes
truth:  function   student

test:  cleans the ccx contents of a ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  given a list of key-value pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  given   lstrip
truth:  given   set

test:  expand the provided file .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  function   stores
truth:  function   name

test:  remove a block device from the devices .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  retrieves   igor
truth:  retrieves   device

test:  return the line which is probably a stack .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  convert the libcloud node into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  generate a random string with alpha and allchars .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  skip test unless the given path is a lesser .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  parse generation of a user .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validates   allocate
truth:  validates   user

test:  normalize the javascript of the dataset .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   associate
truth:  function   expressions

test:  return a reply .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  display   extract
truth:  display   version

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  converts a subscription value to an integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  returns   randomise
truth:  returns   message

test:  split a commit of the reference to a range of bytes .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  get a specific sm volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   start
truth:  get   zone

test:  parse the imap reply .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  api: send a test to notification output .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  return the functions of x in the local equation of x .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  find   constrained
truth:  find   functions

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  install the passed package name the name of the package to be installed .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   simplifies
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the data of a chunk of head .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  reads   assume
truth:  reads   header

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  simple example to acquire the settings that are not already present in the settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  do   pending
truth:  do   default

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  pulls   occurs
truth:  pulls   virt

test:  get receiver from sender and filter groups .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  computes the mp distance between a and b .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  this function returns a list of audio instances of a given video file containing the contents of the file containing the current video assumed that will be used if it
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  pulls   atom
truth:  pulls   audio

test:  retrieves the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  get the date by point or float and return the result .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  ensure that the manage log format is active .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  manage   been
truth:  manage   format

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   timing
truth:  use   spaces

test:  make sure that the current process will cause the user to use hibernate .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  estimate the date of a cross-validated feature .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  estimate   tile
truth:  estimate   information

test:  return the line number in the list of node that is and line number of python node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  src="files/" a vm options .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  stop   hostname
truth:  stop   vm

test:  generate a bernoulli random variable with a given rng .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  pulls   providing
truth:  pulls   tensor

test:  generate random data from a seed .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  stream   takes
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read a file from a package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  reads   bartels
truth:  reads   contents

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   sorts
truth:  get   geometryoutput

test:  checks if g consists entirely of g .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  check   translated
truth:  check   g

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  convert a json managed sink to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   negate
truth:  convert   resource

test:  check whether value is a have any of the data .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  test   enhance
truth:  test   items

test:  displays the output of an image .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  test   source
truth:  test   overlay

test:  list all zones on a specified selinux zones cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  displays   switch
truth:  displays   list

test:  creates a project and returns its name .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   downloading
truth:  creates   package

test:  decode a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   small_stmts
truth:  decode   line

test:  this generator takes a list of all errors that contain the same fields as the monthly converter passed in rfc 2822 value .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  print   unbinds
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  returns the top exploration rated .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  render a placeholder to the given context .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  render   applying
truth:  render   placeholder

test:  adds or updates the specified policy document for the specified key .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  attach   holding
truth:  attach   policy

test:  produces multiple tuples for any csviter .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  returns   leaves
truth:  returns   dictionaries

test:  display the current metric nodes that match the given regex .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  display   exposes
truth:  display   values

test:  return matching files in a list of strings .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  check   uploading
truth:  check   job

test:  convert f(x)**-i in separate form to exclude .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  replace   constrained
truth:  replace   functions

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by side loop .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   form
truth:  get   side

test:  create a temporary file descriptor to a temporary file .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  return a context to use for the specified service .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  return the status of the current instance .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  install application-specific fits image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   gosub
truth:  install   hdf5

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   pulls
truth:  estimate   null

test:  find the largest and return a list of filenames with those items in the following way that match the supplied chunks .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  sort   rename
truth:  sort   members

test:  escape the given text as a quoted html fragment .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  adds a new instance to the target table .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  return a few security group with the ldap key .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  return the studio help links in the page of a particular page .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  return   dictate
truth:  return   studio

test:  write translations file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  write   labeled
truth:  write   file

test:  back-end method to add a new affiliates-role for a person entity .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  format the job instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  return   uploading
truth:  return   job

test:  tests the arrowvisual when a color is applied .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  compute a new travel epoch .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  function   grant
truth:  function   power

test:  recursively search the source line .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   unlocking
truth:  return   source

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  guess the zip of a set of files .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   labeled
truth:  guess   file

test:  returns the team team details that the team is logged in the team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  save a dict to disk image and writes the data to a store .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   documents
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a log entry to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   begins
truth:  convert   protobuf

test:  load its path from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  return the language-code found in the selected language .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns a list of modules .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  return   backported
truth:  return   handlers

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a list of occurring .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   preload
truth:  returns   content

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file at debug level .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   paste
truth:  stop   containers

test:  generate the just the generated localized events .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  generates   fitnesse
truth:  generates   events

test:  given a path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   define
truth:  given   path

test:  check if a bound bound is overlap .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   ping
truth:  return   bounding

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   based
truth:  returns   address

test:  parses the commit on the database and get a list of sqlite records .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  convert   labeled
truth:  convert   file

test:  returns the direct documentation for the given language .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  extracts   string
truth:  extracts   texts

test:  decorator to give a session with the result of a method .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  function   float
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load a python rsa key .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  load   listen
truth:  load   key

test:  return a string .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  format   temperature
truth:  format   date

test:  gets the command from git .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  gathers the notification with an function-call .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  password reset form .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  view   orthoganlize
truth:  view   hash

test:  translates detail into a string containing locale .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  translates   enhanced
truth:  translates   object

test:  add a qicon to the given number of bits .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  color   step
truth:  color   names

test:  returns the clip in a region region for a given region .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  pulls   execute
truth:  pulls   region

test:  return the string c{p} .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  create a new modulestore instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a clip with one tooth of the given oracle .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  applies   suppose
truth:  applies   algorithm

test:  check if named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  returns the dictfetchmany for a substring from the cursor .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  start a worker in a thread .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   deallocate
truth:  start   worker

test:  returns the log sequence of items .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  print limit and limit to limit pre-processed entries from tb to file .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   expected
truth:  print   stack

test:  returns the points in a list of points .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   restrict
truth:  is   array

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  recapitalizes   supports
truth:  recapitalizes   text

test:  return path to bootstrap sample data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  samples   eliminates
truth:  samples   elements

test:  returns the authentication path for a given path .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  am   establish
truth:  am   py

test:  respond with orphan for orphans uploads .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  run statement under the compiler passed to subprocess .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  executes   compresses
truth:  executes   statement

test:  test that as functions can be callable for inverse .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  returns a list of available xblocks discussion xblocks .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  map x**m to a field in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  raise   imposes
truth:  raise   f

test:  ensure that user is assigned to the login event .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  return the version of the current linux version .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  specialized copy function that will work only on a list of tuples with no other member than fields_to_dict .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  copy   reported
truth:  copy   function

test:  adds the plugin and returns a handle .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  connect   pick
truth:  connect   callback

test:  return a driver type for the provider provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  get   trending
truth:  get   driver

test:  check if user has access to the course with the given course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  bessel/thomson digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about i .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  return   signals
truth:  return   moment

test:  get node rotation for a given key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   point
truth:  get   status

test:  local or kicks for an account .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  merge multiple and summaries into a list that occur from the list .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   pulls
truth:  merge   null

test:  load the login status .
truth: login to router . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert the given object to a python boolean .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  change   unquoting
truth:  change   environment

test:  simple case of uploading one partition .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  try   ellipsoid
truth:  try   pool

test:  returns a formatted output of the source file .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  initializes   pulls
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create null locator .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  create   pending
truth:  create   default

test:  returns the path to the contract config file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  create a new transaction id .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  sets   requesting
truth:  sets   i

test:  makes the given string starting at the given args .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  returns a list of paths matching the given filename and the prefixes .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  pulls   fail
truth:  pulls   virtualenv

test:  decorator to make a function that returns via the beginning of a function .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  validate -tuple .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  pulls   put
truth:  pulls   rules

test:  display a graph from display .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  display   publish
truth:  display   graph

test:  parses the canonical string for the given imdb .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   advance
truth:  return   title

test:  return the feature based on a threshold or threshold matrix .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  boolean   restrict
truth:  boolean   array

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   resample
truth:  list   directories

test:  validate a parameter param .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  retrieves   talking
truth:  retrieves   dict

test:  returns the text representation of a string .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  split   gauss
truth:  split   strings

test:  compute the stochastic gradient for the step with two images for each shared variable .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  pulls   encapsulate
truth:  pulls   instance

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  pulls   del
truth:  pulls   gcode

test:  if the os is not available .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  used   stripping
truth:  used   step

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  determine   restricts
truth:  determine   inset

test:  create a new set of props and add it to the given mapi .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  check the kernel status .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  return the string representation of a function .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  return the 1024 in the path .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  formats   shared
truth:  formats   string

test:  return a serialization for a given object .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  call this function in all available vm status .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  allows a user to ban a user .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  ban   allocate
truth:  ban   user

test:  returns databook from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  compute h for rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  compute   decomposes
truth:  compute   rfc

test:  setup python index .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  build   regressiont
truth:  build   index

test:  remove spurious from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  remove   monkeypatch
truth:  remove   geonode

test:  get the ip address of a raw request - address present in the requests case of the anonymous .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   containing
truth:  return   ip

test:  split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  return position of arbitrary breaking between two points .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  instantiate the test template for the test template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  changes   lambda
truth:  changes   django

test:  returns the expression with respect to z .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns a linear dict with a submission of tag .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  perspective add .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  determine if the message can be joined without checking if it has more or equal to the infinite line .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  runs the command and returns its output after it has exited .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  returns the string if it exists .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  get   mutes
truth:  get   app

test:  return a unique resource pools .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  pulls   rescales
truth:  pulls   event

test:  get path from begin and xml element .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  return the correct type of the given property .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  accept the current comment .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  return the address if the elastic elastic address is allocated or not .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  return   autoreleased
truth:  return   types

test:  this waits for a vm to be used within a particular machine with the transport fields and the results in the comment .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  tells   detaches
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  compares exception unless unless expected and passes the exception search is given .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  asserts   randomise
truth:  asserts   message

test:  return the treeapply tree in the given tree .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  apply   paste
truth:  apply   containers

test:  if it doesnt have a wrong marker marker in it .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  test   small_stmts
truth:  test   line

test:  convert a binary search to a tuple of bytes .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  count   sparks
truth:  count   number

test:  read the raw data format .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  object   crop
truth:  object   directory

test:  test lae: and 2d sparseseries .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone and slave for a master .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  helper to determine if a given type is a tuple with a given name .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   unescaped
truth:  return   entries

test:  returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 7 higher bits .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  call the reactor and run the reactor until it returns false .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  return an feature structure that is obtained by replacing each variable bound by priority with its binding .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  remove non-join from a pep call .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  clear   currents
truth:  clear   state

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  get   datetimes
truth:  get   epoch

test:  checks if a string is present in the string s .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the align align for the primer .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  perform   identify
truth:  perform   alignment

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   decided
truth:  test   crash

test:  returns the unicode string for a given file or directory .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  parse   password
truth:  parse   atom

test:  get or set the radial ticklines .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  create a list of module actions for the given parent .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  create   querying
truth:  create   actions

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  this is called only making sure the call to display a title .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  pulls   incoming
truth:  pulls   op

test:  return true if the given class is marked as a string .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  check   safe_octal
truth:  check   class

test:  return the ec2 location to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  returns true if the strings in the given block .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  copy switched to file .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  require the templates/project0/ templates/project0/ .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  pulls   stretch
truth:  pulls   language

test:  returns a new object for the targets found in the file .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return a list of events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  revoke a flow from a clientsecrets file .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  create   hash
truth:  create   flow

test:  get info about an installed extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  return square-free decomposition of f in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   grants
truth:  return   decomposition

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to channels .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return string of characters to human readable string .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  construct   decoding
truth:  construct   lists

test:  default literal block depart handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  generate affected nodes .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  generate   increase
truth:  generate   nodes

test:  cantor-zassenhaus: deterministic distinct degree of two univariate polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parses all tests that would be tests .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  build   mounts
truth:  build   objects

test:  upload an s3 object to s3 .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  upload   labeled
truth:  upload   file

test:  returns the number of elements in the given iterable .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  guess spatial thinning of an image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  make   batched
truth:  make   guess

test:  parses a named repl .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   emitting
truth:  parses   character

test:  a helper function to add "value" to the {value} .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  add [boolean of an dataverse to the provider and then calling the dataverse .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  verifies   expose
truth:  verifies   credentials

test:  returns the number of words in a tabular helper that are not in the list .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  pulls   reconnect
truth:  pulls   fr

test:  return true if the htpasswd and password matches the supplied user .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  returns   terminate
truth:  returns   password

test:  helper for :mod:csf .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  make a class inheriting .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  adds a new logged .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  check that pg characters contained in valid string name .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  helper method to render the final graph for a given action .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  renders   offset
truth:  renders   parameters

test:  return a list of packages for a package available for upgrade or installation options: name the name of the package to install an installed packages to display .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  searches   commit
truth:  searches   repository

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  determines   structurize
truth:  determines   kevent

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   uncheck
truth:  apply   element

test:  returns a string representation of the given color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   indicates
truth:  creates   taguri

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   blocks
truth:  get   representation

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file to a ca file using mkstemp() from filename to the same output .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  concatenate   gunzip
truth:  concatenate   certificates

test:  set the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  update   parsefile
truth:  update   descriptor

test:  get unpacked loops for a given direction .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   passed
truth:  get   intersections

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  left   validating
truth:  left   clause

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   recommended
truth:  remove   art

test:  return the dictionary form of a file .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns true if the given constant is a constant value .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  task time slot delete .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  time   activate
truth:  time   delete

test:  computes the harmonic mean of variation .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  computes   silence
truth:  computes   variation

test:  computes the p-value statistic .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  perform the pairwise kernels of x and y .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  compute   attributes
truth:  compute   arrays

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add links to a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  return   transfers
truth:  return   plan

test:  create a new project along with its dependencies .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  find the file at the given path .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  pulls   post_save
truth:  pulls   metadata

test:  call datetime and return a system where the image is located .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  call   initializes
truth:  call   program

test:  return true if user can be sent with authorization or is valid .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  pulls   format_alignment
truth:  pulls   authentication

test:  returns the httpresponse as a json string .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  render   looping
truth:  render   node

test:  look over the argument .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  get block device mapping for a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  makes a filename for a given path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  transforms   returns
truth:  transforms   something

test:  return the map of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  returns the mask of the given binary .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  deletes an inventory from the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  delete   adjust
truth:  delete   inventory

test:  helper to get changed from config config .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  load the recarray dataset and return a dataset class instance .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   pulls
truth:  load   null

test:  toggle data register d7 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   capture
truth:  toggle   bit

test:  basic sort function to return basic ip address .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  ip   pulls
truth:  ip   null

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  runs   pulls
truth:  runs   null

test:  handles a flash form for a form .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  register api calls to be used for the application class .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a context manager that acquires validation .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return the pids for processes matching a user in a process .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  kill   printed
truth:  kill   pattern

test:  renders a comment for the given issue .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  renders   batch
truth:  renders   code

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  mean   offset
truth:  mean   parameters

test:  start a method .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   looping
truth:  start   node

test:  get the integer flag after the first occurence of the character in the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  certificates to skills controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a list of plugins to all the plugins .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  find   backported
truth:  find   handlers

test:  compute complex lwork for a up-to-date .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  round   downgrades
truth:  round   point

test:  verify that an attribute is present and has a non-default value .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  verify   constrain
truth:  verify   attribute

test:  skip if the given model is dynamic dynamic dynamic .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   chown
truth:  get   loop

test:  returns the javascript code and return the attr_gt of the given language code .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  string-template format a string: .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  format   been
truth:  format   format

test:  change the input to the the error of the mean of the confirmation python interpreter .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  control   colorized
truth:  control   context

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   unlocking
truth:  given   source

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   assigned
truth:  close   room

test:  return the version string from pacman output .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  take   pulls
truth:  take   null

test:  returns the levenshtein semi-definite of a model in x .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  determine the dns device to match the device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  matches   stream
truth:  matches   returns

test:  cd() prefix should contain env .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  prefix   colorized
truth:  prefix   context

test:  rename files in a set of files to a package .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  rename   satisfy
truth:  rename   container

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   subtracts
truth:  get   backups

test:  attach a json epics representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   mutate
truth:  attach   column

test:  modify a group of parameter .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  set   populates
truth:  set   params

test:  test that next/previtem throws an error when the range of values .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the relationship socket that is an exception .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  retrieves the primary vdi for a vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   rollback
truth:  retrieves   vdi

test:  imports and returns a string for load a given module .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  removes whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  removes   drawing
truth:  removes   tags

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  returns   takes
truth:  returns   stream

test:  make sure that the standby will be attached to sleep .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  pulls   grouping
truth:  pulls   system

test:  write a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   wanted
truth:  write   filename

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check the user has weights and their weights are valid .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   rescanning
truth:  check   weights

test:  check if the given class is metadata and has an metadata .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  check   rising
truth:  check   group

test:  return a diffopcodegenerator instance from an instance .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  look   listen
truth:  look   key

test:  save the load data from all returners .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  write   fake
truth:  write   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   reverses
truth:  list   services

test:  returns true if user can be treated like it .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  check   allocate
truth:  check   user

test:  rst limited to rst .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  adds   optimized
truth:  adds   script

test:  remove the given tree .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  return true if there are any clause that differ only contains an collectors .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  create a directory at the given path and mode .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  init the request instances .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   build
truth:  loads   conf

test:  get the kex and the conch functions in use .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   unpublicizes
truth:  get   description

test:  open an editor from a qaction or a qaction .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  open   crop
truth:  open   directory

test:  n324 - dont use log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   decorating
truth:  -   log

test:  start a tornado server running pyinstaller .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  runs   clones
truth:  runs   server

test:  parse the parameter for a set of parameter lines .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   switch
truth:  parse   list

test:  return the page from the href href .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  returns   export
truth:  returns   tuple

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   executed
truth:  given   dictionary

test:  only load this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  check if the fastest button is installed and fails on the system .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  given a folder name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  return   suggest
truth:  return   folder

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  require an reviewer reviewer user .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  adds blocks of the stream in a set of child .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  compare   multivariate
truth:  compare   blocks

test:  set a user on a remote host .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  create a directory .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  check the queue for a certain queue .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  helper function to get/create a new permission code .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure the incomplete list is raised when we dont use a string .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  raise   capturing
truth:  raise   error

test:  set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   backup
truth:  set   properties

test:  convert a timestamp into false .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  builds   fly
truth:  builds   latitude

test:  read a key-value file for a filename or keyval file .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   spawns
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  make sure that the given set of binary is not set .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  lookup a packed ip address for the given ip address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  lookup   clip
truth:  lookup   record

test:  returns the http cached http cached http cached code .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a list of virtual machine names on the account cli example: .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  ensures that the line of the same angle in the new angle .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  convert f into a tuple of quaternions .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return path to the test test file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  returns   labeled
truth:  returns   file

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  create ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  find the subplot plot of a directed plot .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  copy or respond to zero from the specified location in the transcript .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  renames   labeled
truth:  renames   file

test:  returns the number of ids required to maintain the integer board .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  removes files needed for docker files used by the tests .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  removes   raising
truth:  removes   docker

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  wrapper for poll() .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  return   float
truth:  return   decorator

test:  schedule the execution of a coroutine that awaits/yields from l{deferred}s .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   posts
truth:  given   course_id

test:  create a tag to read the specified residual output .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  unsets   transliterate
truth:  unsets   variable

test:  generate a random string of "length" characters .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   shared
truth:  generate   string

test:  helper method to generate a template view for a particular view of a modbus resource view rendering view .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  returns   usage_key_string
truth:  returns   view

test:  closes review request .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  closes   knapsack
truth:  closes   request

test:  returns the unicode text from a document .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   supports
truth:  returns   text

test:  make a pidlockfile list of scenarios with the given scenarios .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  make   mongodb
truth:  make   scenarios

test:  return the nodes of the graph g .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  prompt user for elasticsearch .
truth: create a role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  allows a user to follow a follow page .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   allocate
truth:  allows   user

test:  display all help help options .
truth: print help message . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  imports macros from a module .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  load   exception
truth:  load   macros

test:  returns command .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  combine   assume
truth:  combine   header

test:  find the value for the attribute specified with the given key .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   located
truth:  test   method

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  return a network that can be used to represent a network .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return true if a relative to strings are similar .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  measures   itersubclasses
truth:  measures   similarity

test:  unpause a gcode file or gcode file .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  feed   supports
truth:  feed   text

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  returns the xml node with the given base node .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  retrieve   flip
truth:  retrieve   python

test:  get a city based on the client .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  decorator for marking tests that require the provided refactored .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  create   crop
truth:  create   directory

test:  schedule the execution of a coroutine that awaits/yields from the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  twitter sessions are secure to a secure .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  compute the spectral spline for data .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  send analytics event .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  tracks   prioritized
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run property at index .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  index   mounts
truth:  index   objects

test:  decode hex content to hex encoded format .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decode   flattening
truth:  decode   field

test:  get a list of users that have the same level as the given course name .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  list   deconvolves
truth:  list   level

test:  add node names to the generic properties .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  save   pulls
truth:  save   null

test:  generate a random s3 number .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  pulls   httperror
truth:  pulls   digit

test:  inject the coursetalk into the current context for the specified course context .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  set   colorized
truth:  set   context

test:  simple html page .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  called   replaced
truth:  called   digits

test:  run a command in a subprocess .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  execute   instantiate
truth:  execute   arguments

test:  returns a tuple of integers .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  pulls   undo
truth:  pulls   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the internal list of named function given the final item .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  extract only dependencies whose values are capturing from the given iterator of names .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  produce a proxy for the collection that matches the given collection .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  return   were
truth:  return   property

test:  writes data to firebase .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  updates media upload .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  adds   offset
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  return if pattern matches the scalar conditions for the given pattern or if we should match the given pattern .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  find   printed
truth:  find   pattern

test:  deletes an argument .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  encapsulates   utf-8
truth:  encapsulates   argument

test:  fix timeout value: convert an array of strings to a overlapping value .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  tar a buffer to a buffer that yields the base-256 .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  generate   takes
truth:  generate   stream

test:  this should be called by the widgets all layers linked to another task .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the overall reciprocity for each node in the graph g .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  attach a tag and db_property it to each object enabled .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  fetch   drawing
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  make a testcase instance for the given set of members .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   enhanced
truth:  make   object

test:  finds all migrations of the given migration .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  return   basestring
truth:  return   migration

test:  return a list of resource identifiers for the given id .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  return   associated
truth:  return   listing

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  determine if the points is between two points .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  pulls   asarray
truth:  pulls   cases

test:  install a custom ssh key .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   review
truth:  install   keys

test:  main program for process .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  expected   inputhook
truth:  expected   sys

test:  redefine this fixture to change the init worker .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  this is a compatibility function .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  ensure   bench
truth:  ensure   value

test:  only work on solaris based systems .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  check that value is a string which matches the values .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   located
truth:  implements   method

test:  return a dict with the extra filter and the given job .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  filter   protects
truth:  filter   args

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  pulls   base64encodes
truth:  pulls   djangos

test:  update a value to the location of the minimum section of the minimum configuration .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  function   orthonormalizes
truth:  function   min

test:  return a list of the most common elements in the most recent order .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  pulls   wrap
truth:  pulls   defaultdict

test:  decorate an auth function that only all of the given backend and store .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  return   revoked
truth:  return   details

test:  returns an go or raise vdtparamerror if it is a valid imitate .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return an iterable of functions that maps the given arguments to cache its results in .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  print the label with the aggregate to the active equivalents .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  this function does rendering over a notebook of the scheduler .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  return   digs
truth:  return   html

test:  returns a list of messages that contribute to sort messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  sort   randomise
truth:  sort   message

test:  find a file in a directory .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  search   define
truth:  search   path

test:  used by s3optionsfilter the item in the glance - the map log looking for an item access via the server .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  called   pulls
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   r^2
truth:  displays   form

test:  scale image to a given width and height .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  scale   forwards
truth:  scale   image

test:  test to ensure that option v can be set and has effect .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  test   cause
truth:  test   option

test:  determine if a file exists in the current directory .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  check   flip
truth:  check   python

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  tries   pulls
truth:  tries   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for the given json-string .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   inquire
truth:  initialize   tool

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  save   tile
truth:  save   information

test:  run openpyxl in default mode .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  run   created
truth:  run   mode

test:  return the number of events in the network device available .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  start   igor
truth:  start   device

test:  return the firewall-cmd location for the firewall .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a dictionary of graftpoints into .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  get the host for elastic mapreduce in the given region .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  only run this module if the augeas python module is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  updates routes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  patch   grouping
truth:  patch   system

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  custom handler for tracebackfrom pprint .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  converts a named time to a time aware datetime in utc time .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  converts   time

test:  return the string contained in an http code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  yaml: rundeck this plugin publishes with build :arg support page .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  pulls   initializing
truth:  pulls   trigger

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   homebrew_packages
truth:  traverse   structure

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  detach   alignment
truth:  detach   section

test:  get a group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   teardown
truth:  get   type

test:  given a class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  wraps   safe_octal
truth:  wraps   class

test:  run the given plugin .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the list of team in the team that contain at least one with the given team variant .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  convert a number .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  esummary shouldnt returns a summary of the entez database as a results of a global search string .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   pass
truth:  retrieves   document

test:  return the value for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  iterate over all modules in format and string in locale list format .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  complete   assign
truth:  complete   requests

test:  generates a unique user id .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  fake click on the been loaded .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  find the first match in a sequence of sequences .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  search   binds
truth:  search   dna

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  check   trim
truth:  check   support

test:  return the promo user_data and the given campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  add a nick to a target table .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  clone a value for the given type and return it .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  clone   bench
truth:  clone   value

test:  return useful information about a homebrew device cli example: .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  main control of the git .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  run   flip
truth:  run   python

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   eliminated
truth:  called   servicetester

test:  registers the jquery animations .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  step 2 right version of a stack .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   pulls
truth:  step   null

test:  replaces instances of lines of new diff from delta .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  get   exposes
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   weblate
truth:  remove   references

test:  write metadata tools from a model .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  convert   choice
truth:  convert   formats

test:  returns a python object from the given non-whitespace string .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  block the twitter account in the setting api .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  call   drops
truth:  call   call

test:  finds the national number of national number for a message on the given number of national and index of days .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  converts   r^2
truth:  converts   form

test:  callback for the **getmore** connection string .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  callback   pulls
truth:  callback   null

test:  check a whole resource exists on the transitory and return a none if all of the regexp is valid .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  a decorator to protect use a class to ensure its builtin user class to use the setup .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  update the previously registered addon .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  given a list of issues after a single a given iterable of issues after the given date and an issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  checks   augments
truth:  checks   issues

test:  test image with without diacritical .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  the method refs function to register emails .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  clone a zone by new zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  install   start
truth:  install   zone

test:  checks api microversions one of the test method and returns whether test wants to select microversion and configured microversion .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  select   carry
truth:  select   test

test:  parse the given value of a document and return it is scalar .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  parse   utf-8
truth:  parse   argument

test:  expects a student exam exam and add a user to a entrance exam .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  mark   escapes
truth:  mark   student

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   pulls
truth:  search   null

test:  run the test case of the model .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  assumes   pulls
truth:  assumes   null

test:  formats the given string to bytes .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   pulls
truth:  format   null

test:  outputs an expires header for delta from delta to date .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   assume
truth:  outputs   header

test:  call signature:: x such that the first derivative of x is in .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  mul all rounded rounded functions into one of the rounded expression .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  return   introduce
truth:  return   l

test:  get a list of available additional parameters cli example: .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  list   offset
truth:  list   parameters

test:  tweet view that returns the number of all valid tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  hide   bypassing
truth:  hide   tweet

test:  only return if python-neutronclient is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  require   resorts
truth:  require   python2

test:  instructs chocolatey to find and return a list of arguments that are marked as a chocolatey .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  make a row of metric matrix .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  remove html characters & truncate it .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  uses/requires uses/requires depends on the given boolean array of renewal .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  concatenate   decoding
truth:  concatenate   lists

test:  checks if minute is absolute .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  checks   bench
truth:  checks   value

test:  get the points inside a complex polygon .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  opengl opengl configuration variables .
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  -   fake
truth:  -   load

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  temperature   del
truth:  temperature   gcode

test:  return the string representation of the indices where the indices is the first letter is stored .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  pulls   reverse
truth:  pulls   permutation

test:  check that a certain header contains no style header .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  make   break
truth:  make   operations

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  replaces union all select with union select at union select ansiblemodule .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  appends   show
truth:  appends   notes

test:  load the extension in ipython .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  load   issue
truth:  load   ipython

test:  return the message name for the given backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  will serve file and serve .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  called   allocate
truth:  called   user

test:  ensure that the mime_type stays a skipped aware datetime .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  check   mounts
truth:  check   objects

test:  adds a new indentation pair to the request .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  mark   knapsack
truth:  mark   request

test:  returns an encoder for a string field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  return   decimate
truth:  return   constructor

test:  parses request data from the request and returns a tuple containing the object .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  parse   producing
truth:  parse   certificate

test:  try to start embedded mqtt hubconf .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  set   msg
truth:  set   component

test:  returns a node that installs the given dependencies of the given package .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  add   extract
truth:  add   version

test:  dimitem : * | identifier | float lt expr | const_list | expr | const_ref .
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  pulls   edits
truth:  pulls   lparen

test:  parse a single medline entry .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   bench
truth:  parse   value

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   scop
truth:  returns   token

test:  return a assembles from an old or unicode object .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  detect   exposes
truth:  detect   values

test:  only return if tounicode is utf-8 .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   sleep
truth:  compile   files

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   format
truth:  return   parameter

test:  return the log of the given target/ident/fn .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   decorating
truth:  compute   log

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   compares
truth:  check   sentences

test:  convert an image to a network device .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  chop   pulls
truth:  chop   null

test:  check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   holding
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that the header is valid .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  adds a demo collection to a collection collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   reallocation
truth:  loads   collection

test:  return a cookie by setting it to down a cookie containing a cookie for reading .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  breaks   modbus
truth:  breaks   cookie

test:  returns a standard image object with metadata for an image .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  this is a who incomplete implementation of pdf between lengths and is_json: .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  convert   capitalize
truth:  convert   distances

test:  only load this module if the win_lgpo command exists .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  list the key for the specified key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  return compactionstats node def cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   embedded
truth:  return   example

test:  inspect the keys class for the repository either a dict or tuple of class .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  decorator used to mark a function as not a subsection call gating .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  create the metric module for each metric .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  initialize   reads
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  returns true if the object has a given method name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  find   enhanced
truth:  find   object

test:  create and write a content for a cloud component .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  pulls   bartels
truth:  pulls   contents

test:  repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  repairs   responds
truth:  repairs   database

test:  trivially let the beacon load for the test example .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  work   pulls
truth:  work   null

test:  return a mapping of option names to values .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   cause
truth:  return   option

test:  convert a hex string to an int .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  convert   flow
truth:  convert   fields

test:  generates a git hash for the given hotfix .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  generates   authorizes
truth:  generates   command

test:  parse a template tag log message into a json file .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  extract   aliased
truth:  extract   json

test:  convert any valid schemas that will be elements in schemas .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  create   eliminates
truth:  create   elements

test:  deletes all .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  delete   sleep
truth:  delete   files

test:  lists all the vlan in a network .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   killed
truth:  get   network

test:  gets a lazy tuple related to the operation of the given operation .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  schedule   reported
truth:  schedule   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   convert
truth:  merges   sequences

test:  indent the given text with the given prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  add   taken
truth:  add   beginning

test:  the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  returns json activity for matching changes as json .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   lbrace
truth:  returns   activity

test:  create a new servicepair for testing .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   induce
truth:  create   testing

test:  suggest agent to *pyc* and write the inheritance to table instances .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  iterates over a contiguous array of ok while emulating the itemsize of square is the .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set a key/value pair in sqlite3 .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  pulls   syncing
truth:  pulls   hermite

test:  display the amount of idle time until the hard disk sleeps .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   reloads
truth:  display   amount

test:  builds a url for the given slug .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  generate   cloning
truth:  generate   github

test:  return the first derivative of f in expr and its derivative .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  base64 this function is during a python machine .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  copy a file to the provided filename .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   wanted
truth:  copy   filename

test:  given a numpy array .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  determine   restrict
truth:  determine   array

test:  you can add an ids to the :exc:processingexceptions .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  push   uncheck
truth:  push   element

test:  called the newick server to determine the acoustid server .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  get   specified
truth:  get   fingerprint

test:  plan is in the graph b .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  plan   pulls
truth:  plan   null

test:  create a role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  create   present
truth:  create   role

test:  returns a list of paths to socket files found in the given host .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   crop
truth:  searches   directory

test:  create a tuple from a token and return it .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   talking
truth:  convert   dict

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  dump   shared
truth:  dump   string

test:  handles a import virtual column in the default will be a service .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  concatenate   default
truth:  concatenate   part

test:  returns a string that returns a random graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  conditional to conditional a single fisher signed description .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  pulls   mutes
truth:  pulls   app

test:  returns a list containing all available packages in a package .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  returns link to doc url .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  returns   compile
truth:  returns   documentation

test:  normalizes a datetime .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  apply   support
truth:  apply   time

test:  return a list of courses courses for all visible courses .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   disconnect
truth:  returns   courses

test:  compute polynomial sdm from integer in k[x] .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  compute   r^2
truth:  compute   form

test:  retrieves the query from the given hash and return it .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  perform   xlsx
truth:  perform   query

test:  filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   mounts
truth:  filters   objects

test:  sleep the system to initiate a process .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   grouping
truth:  sleep   system

test:  install the latest version of pip_ .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   trim
truth:  install   support

test:  fetch a wrapper attribute .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  function   defines
truth:  function   attributes

test:  return a string describing an instances state via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  same as a ^ b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided application module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   carry
truth:  create   test

test:  install pyenv if not installed .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   embedded
truth:  install   example

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  configures   unquoting
truth:  configures   environment

test:  interpolate only bads channels .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return the status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  find a table of a table .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  returns f(x) if all system are fully .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  return a dictionary with the columns that are in the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the predict power of the gamma function for training taken from a simple quick here .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  apply   pushing
truth:  apply   model

test:  perform self-test product on matching threads .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a colormap that can be used to create the given image .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  computes the unnormalized queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  analyze   thrusting
truth:  analyze   space

test:  raise message if expr has no sympy then raise an exception .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  pulls   kills
truth:  pulls   assert

test:  convert text into a dns rdata from text .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  convert   initalizes
truth:  convert   dns

test:  find an hermite table for a given htmldict .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  checks   resets
truth:  checks   beautifulsoup

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   slave_open
truth:  create   media

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  emit   fitnesse
truth:  emit   events

test:  async version of delete_multi() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  pulls   activate
truth:  pulls   delete

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   indexes
truth:  destroy   snapshot

test:  check whether the python name is run on the python environment .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   stores
truth:  check   name

test:  validate that the service is valid .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  verify   requesting
truth:  verify   i

test:  custom decorator for sphinx extension .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a date/time string and return a tzinfo instance .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  return a url appropriate for use as a string .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  validate   access
truth:  validate   url

test:  default widget form page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  pulls   lbrace
truth:  pulls   activity

test:  installs a server into the server .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   crack
truth:  install   _

test:  check to make sure the default test data match the input plot .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  checking the error code returned .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  error   batch
truth:  error   code

test:  this function is a list of versions and the data containing a list of master helper function that produces a list of master .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sorts   pulls
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load binary dataset into memory matrix this function is not used in memory because 2011 order .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  loads   carve
truth:  loads   word

test:  parses an un-named requests request .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  extract   offset
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other vispy .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   inspired
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  returns a testsuite that is used to test case .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   reflect
truth:  return   testcase

test:  because this module is not specific to any cloud providers .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  main entry-point for the cli tool .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return the compressor api available .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  returns   removes
truth:  returns   gzip

test:  load the data for sparse .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  loads   debugging
truth:  loads   dataset

test:  the scenario string doesnt segfault works .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  pulls   fixed
truth:  pulls   scenario

test:  converts text to a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   reconstruct
truth:  make   ast

test:  find a file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  tests that the same result with pytables with pytables labels for returning same labels with pytables labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  fixture providing a url for tests that require the a test case .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  url   storing
truth:  url   template

test:  remove string from css classes .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  remove   safe_octal
truth:  remove   class

test:  like expr .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   pauses
truth:  function   printing

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   trim
truth:  register   support

test:  check that the classifier sparse dataset is 0 .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  check   format
truth:  check   parameter

test:  return netstat routing information for sunos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  add hosts to the aggregate with the hosts .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   bundled
truth:  add   aggregate

test:  pick the list of plugins and pick when current plugin is selected .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  returns   evpn
truth:  returns   schema

test:  make sure that all whitespace in the file system paths must be physically .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  make   comma
truth:  make   whitespace

test:  add a resource event to the current request .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  enable   belong
truth:  enable   hook

test:  returns a dict given fields values .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  saves an image to disk .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  saves   restrict
truth:  saves   array

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  pulls   unparsing
truth:  pulls   git

test:  wrapper for inserting an int64 featurelist into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decode base64-encoded data as a variable .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   negate
truth:  decode   resource

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   localize
truth:  create   reference

test:  gets the source script contents of a file .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  source   optimized
truth:  source   script

test:  return the url without the leading and shouldnt create it .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  join   manage
truth:  join   fragment

test:  combine hemi .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  combine   pulls
truth:  combine   null

test:  gives email preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  gives   coordinates
truth:  gives   exploration

test:  click a new html component .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   encapsulate
truth:  adds   instance

test:  normalize an encoding name .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   stores
truth:  normalize   name

test:  return a netmask setting for the current [e .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   reserializes
truth:  create   widget

test:  parses html through a string .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  leave   saves
truth:  leave   links

test:  add the gce table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   flattening
truth:  add   field

test:  es down the user .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   mean
truth:  returns   elasticsearch

test:  returns true that are the two arrays in the given iterable .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  this is only here to be used as the galaxy framework .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  wrap a function so that results for api calls .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  caches   dispatched
truth:  caches   calls

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for the image .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  compute   oozebane
truth:  compute   regression

test:  test gpu version of advset .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   extract
truth:  test   version

test:  returns a view that expects a license with a custom license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  pulls   count
truth:  pulls   lms

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   dereference
truth:  returns   width

test:  escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   shared
truth:  escape   string

test:  calculate the bit of a bit .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  returns a random integer value in the range [0 .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk on-disk are stored .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   loads
truth:  tests   changes

test:  call a function with a user .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  run a test suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  escape some xml characters in xml characters .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  replaces   emitting
truth:  replaces   character

test:  create a mongodb user on the postgres server .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   allocate
truth:  create   user

test:  compare the specified desired configuration file and return the :class:replwrapper does nothing .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  accepts   pulls
truth:  accepts   null

test:  read the test data from the xml tree .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  return   autoencoder
truth:  return   xml

test:  retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   safe_octal
truth:  retrieve   class

test:  validator for stack platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  pulls   retain
truth:  pulls   platform

test:  returns the string identifying the last message for sharing etc .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  calls   branching
truth:  calls   progress

test:  converts string to default format for product of numpy to statas format .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  maps   destroy
truth:  maps   dtype

test:  configures an explicit audio output device .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  configures   flattens
truth:  configures   output

test:  this returns a section of the analytics analytics .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   restoring
truth:  provide   data

test:  the pdf of input .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  regularized   filesize
truth:  regularized   derivative

test:  attempts to expand a column list into a new order .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  given   validating
truth:  given   clause

test:  parses the backup record .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  return the list of available chapters .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   pressing
truth:  get   cover

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  return the content of a canvas tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  update supported_locales for commit based on github resource page .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  takes   pulls
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the id of the test case or all of the given test suite .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   d

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  find   lowess
truth:  find   tomcat

test:  like participate but always returns none or a class .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  validate that the configuration variables in the provided configuration .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  validates   bench
truth:  validates   value

test:  test overlapping overlapping of overlapping based on same results .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   left
truth:  test   bug

test:  return the path to the database file .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  exists   retrying
truth:  exists   compatibility

test:  return the endpoint of a given array .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  returns the time in timezone aware datetime .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  calls   safe_octal
truth:  calls   class

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates an expression that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  administer recurrent for the nonlinearity .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  init   format
truth:  init   parameter

test:  asserts the text of specified element matching the specified path matches the specified text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  asserts   supports
truth:  asserts   text

test:  return the version of the version .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  iterates over the mapping of the form of the current image mapping from the list of rendered mapping .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  given   multivariate
truth:  given   blocks

test:  html document generator visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   lets
truth:  document   handler

test:  set the random state object .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  set   currents
truth:  set   state

test:  returns the configured credit requests for a user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  retrieve   point
truth:  retrieve   status

test:  make verbose .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  returns   generalized
truth:  returns   snippet

test:  create a new blockdevicevolume with a dataset_id derived from the given blockdevice_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  :return: the resource that has been between the reader and seq_possibilities .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  compute   reported
truth:  compute   function

test:  convert string data to a string .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  retrieve   shared
truth:  retrieve   string

test:  error checking for routines that return strings .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  this is the first noval metric to be used in the data .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return true if the user has votes to a public user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  build the celery error message .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  pulls   shed
truth:  pulls   exception

test:  returns the root of a given image .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  returns a list of product images .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  returns   indicating
truth:  returns   images

test:  return the current time in seconds with the given indicator .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  convert   digs
truth:  convert   html

test:  get ordered loop from nested loops .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  run a command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   advised
truth:  run   commands

test:  view that allow a password to add a password to its account or change it .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  change   bring
truth:  change   page

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   enhanced
truth:  import   object

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  project version of var(p) process parameters coefs : ndarray intercept : int number of steps h to their part of var(p) returns: intercept .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  produce   offset
truth:  produce   parameters

test:  fork off a process .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  format the number of comments for a line containing a line at a time .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  determine whether the named distribution uses rhel .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  determine   threshold
truth:  determine   distribution

test:  return a new serialize object .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a color to an image .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   host
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the c timeout set to a timeout .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   avoid
truth:  make   timer

test:  a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns a set of all exploration summaries that are considered created .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   talking
truth:  returns   dict

test:  handles all the metadata for the specified file from the environment .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  reads   labeled
truth:  reads   file

test:  dump the **tag .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  is   coupling
truth:  is   target

test:  returns a new servererror equity on the equity defined in the 3-axis .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  log a message with severity exception on the exception logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   randomise
truth:  log   message

test:  factory for restoring python 2 .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of all refids object for a given group in the request .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   archive
truth:  get   member

test:  parses and turns an input tensor into a new tensor .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  reads   prettyprint
truth:  reads   examples

test:  return a tablespace list with information about the postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  delete a file at name .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   labeled
truth:  delete   file

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   building
truth:  write   tag

test:  this is the feel of a file .
truth: main function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the given html with all between a and b stripped .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  read string from file .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  reads   hacked
truth:  reads   buffer

test:  setup the aspect axes .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  pulls   socket
truth:  pulls   projection

test:  returns a dictionary containing the uploads and the value of the keys available .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  for a given item from the precedence item and return the python zone object .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test using a numerically stable reference sigmoid implementation .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  test   localize
truth:  test   reference

test:  return a datetime object for the credit deadline .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  default   pending
truth:  default   default

test:  view to register an http login .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  view   given
truth:  view   register

test:  find the search by its field on a given value .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  extract the projects name from a full resource name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   stores
truth:  extract   name

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  get the joined file path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  undo the logging by default .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undoes   demonstrates
truth:  undoes   setup

test:  api: send a test to notification windows .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   demos
truth:  stop   scan

test:  add pillars output to negatives and negatives .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   flattens
truth:  add   output

test:  return the values of file .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  manages the results from call_queue and set the call queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  fills   pulls
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  format string of two pair using the autocorrelation algorithm .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   exposes
truth:  returns   values

test:  yaml: critical set pending build status on critical .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  pulls   converted
truth:  pulls   block

test:  look for the key .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  verify   prefilled
truth:  verify   hosts

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   crack
truth:  add   _

test:  create two matrices of a complex matrix n x .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  taken   contributed
truth:  taken   t

test:  test whether filename matches pat .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   printed
truth:  test   pattern

test:  perform one that will try to match the data for the swift .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  gets   r^2
truth:  gets   form

test:  returns a key number of descending gettime .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  ignore if the key exists in this file .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  rebuild a schedule if it has been rebuild .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  try   indices
truth:  try   kb

test:  return a list of translations for all objects .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  cache   mounts
truth:  cache   objects

test:  add a new course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   catch
truth:  create   course

test:  find absolute path if it exists .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a public ip of the given network .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  downloads and print the tarball .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   pulls
truth:  downloads   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a iterator .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  perform a single recursive on a given object .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  downloads   inform
truth:  downloads   entry

test:  returns the configuration directory .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  returns   crop
truth:  returns   directory

test:  return a tree hash of the given swift_bytes and return a fingerprint .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  return a dict of srs that provided -> srid .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  takes   mignotte
truth:  takes   things

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   assume
truth:  adds   header

test:  helper function for creating a window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  return   plucks
truth:  return   window

test:  inverse of square .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  performs   plugin
truth:  performs   division

test:  decorator to support limited handlers against a transaction .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return an md5 file on a specified file based on the file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   orthoganlize
truth:  return   hash

test:  send d command .
truth: send command . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  solves the linear order linear differential equations .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  pulls   teardown
truth:  pulls   type

test:  print a list of current configuration and their help .
truth: print this help . 
test:  print   xfail
truth:  print   help

test:  watch/unwatch a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  pulls   vms
truth:  pulls   thread

test:  returns a configured instance for the given storage instance .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  find   decimals
truth:  find   storage

test:  resolves the argument to a numeric constant or an integer .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  returns the region code that matches a phone number .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   execute
truth:  returns   region

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   preloading
truth:  return   host

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  simple profile with profile .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  profiling   accessing
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote url-unsafe characters of a whole bit via verbose command .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  pulls   utf-8
truth:  pulls   argument

test:  generate a bok-choy report for the given report .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  return   fragment
truth:  return   report

test:  make a directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  a fixture that allows you to get a fixture parametrized its key for a few epochs parametrized index .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  return   review
truth:  return   keys

test:  easy legacy reasons for an atom .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  parse   pass
truth:  parse   document

test:  get a model from the database via resource .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  retrieve   pushing
truth:  retrieve   model

test:  convert multiple context to multiple context for pair .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   pulls
truth:  validate   null

test:  list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   simplifies
truth:  list   packages

test:  returns a properly formatted error response with the specified error document .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  returns   response

test:  deletes one or more model instances .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   pushing
truth:  delete   model

test:  return a driver function that can advance a sequence of the linear strings .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  checks if the specified service is actually a valid one .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  pulls   increase
truth:  pulls   nodes

test:  replace backslash and braces with xxx .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  return   reduced
truth:  return   cli

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  trailing   determines
truth:  trailing   indexing

test:  configure the cluster configuration for the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   request
truth:  configure   control

test:  formats the variable according to the argument .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  get all ckan after a given request .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   shared
truth:  take   string

test:  calculates the message counts for the given user .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  strips   pulls
truth:  strips   null

test:  return the current time in seconds since the epoch .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   childnodes
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  deletes a route table .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  deletes   astring
truth:  deletes   route

test:  returns a list of exercises that the user has completed out for the specified user .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  generate absolute application name .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   roundrobin
truth:  return   application

test:  return a list of useful to be interested to safely remove a function .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   implements
truth:  configure   mainloop

test:  create a network rule .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   killed
truth:  create   network

test:  returns the lagged distance between the vectors x and lag the distance matrix .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  assumes   support
truth:  assumes   time

test:  patches a function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   reported
truth:  patches   function

test:  return a list of all groups of the specified resource .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   negate
truth:  return   resource

test:  calculate the source distribution of each row of the normal distribution .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  calculate   format
truth:  calculate   parameter

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  pulls   allowing
truth:  pulls   adapter

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return a sentence-tokenized of object .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return the profile data for a specified profile .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   exposes
truth:  output   values

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return path to a resource on config file .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   djangos
truth:  use   indentation

test:  find a search based on its fully qualified artist .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  input   visualize
truth:  input   artist

test:  init configuration and low operations according to yaml .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  init   encapsulate
truth:  init   instance

test:  tests datetimes are left naive .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  gets the inner objects of the managed object specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  returns a list of registered interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  provide   talking
truth:  provide   dict

test:  wrap a user to a resource .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   converting
truth:  get   outline

test:  format a subdomain to a given power of 1 .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  remove all dupe after the version in the db .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  removes   lcmv
truth:  removes   models

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   publish
truth:  write   graph

test:  set fullscreen status .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  enable   pulls
truth:  enable   null

test:  restart routes for all available routes .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  routes   undoes
truth:  routes   routes

test:  writes a movie string to a movie .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  writes   assemble
truth:  writes   movie

test:  return the normal assumes x is 1d .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   subprojects
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  divide   looking
truth:  divide   operator

test:  predict the rendered into a sess .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   understemmed
truth:  return   results

test:  return a list of two dimensional sequences which apply to end: with the size of each block .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove a file or directory .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  returns the mckean-schrader the emphasizing of the process along the given j .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  compute   exposes
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field for load with given definition .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  return string representation of the string in string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   eliminates
truth:  join   elements

test:  return unicode string version of obj .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  build a help length from a string with a words separated words .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   restrict
truth:  scharr   array

test:  returns the dhcp options object currently associated with the requested vpc id using the vpc connection variable .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  finds   enhanced
truth:  finds   object

test:  kegg link - convert kegg identifiers to/from outside identifiers target_db - target database source_db_or_dbentries - target database or database entries option - can be "turtle" or "n-triple" .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   consisting
truth:  link   link

test:  add the salt backend to the salt fileserver backends .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   eliminating
truth:  update   cache

test:  returns the function which extracts the function from all possible tuples in the given list .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  require a postgresql site configuration file .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  require   handles
truth:  require   site

test:  decorate a function with a given arguments .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  verify that a string is a valid web root path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   shared
truth:  verify   string

test:  helper function to update the virtual machine .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  setup the plugin .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  setup   attempt
truth:  setup   extension

test:  test reading a table witn no column header .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  test   bounds
truth:  test   table

test:  cleanup the worker for a given process .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  list of query string a list of raw urls for a given store .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  returns   unload
truth:  returns   client

test:  create and return a list of keys from the gpg sample data .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  function   review
truth:  function   keys

test:  return a list of all available formats for the given formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  list   choice
truth:  list   formats

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  returns the leading space at the beginning of the line .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   timing
truth:  return   spaces

test:  transforms a pil/pillow hash into a list of dicts or a tuple of integers .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  logs out user and displays you are logged in .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  log   allocate
truth:  log   user

test:  read data from a lush file with uint8 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  api: accepts the python docs for a resource with pdb a backslash .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  automatically creates a unit field for each combination of the data from a shared .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  like participate but for classes that can be always be directly .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a regular expression containing the images in the available scheduler .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  runs the rest server .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  pulls   simulating
truth:  pulls   input

test:  print a single message to stderr or the given hostname .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  return true if running .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  push   integrityerror
truth:  push   repositories

test:  check if a forum has forum access for this forum .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  boolean   colored
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  return the distribution name .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  functional test specific to version 3 of the pypubsub api .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  this function will tar a given number of files to a given file .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  tars   sleep
truth:  tars   files

test:  double element in a sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   confirmed
truth:  unpack   length

test:  tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception exception handlers using the accept type wrapper .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  detect the lifecycle lifecycle and run the filesystem .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  pulls   downgrades
truth:  pulls   point

test:  return true if the url is a safe redirection .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  creates a port group on the vlan with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   rising
truth:  creates   group

test:  find a maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  shortcut to load new definite tool from relative to find out the permissions for debugging .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  pulls   encode
truth:  pulls   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   labeled
truth:  get   file

test:  get all its belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   based
truth:  remove   address

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return the incoming rate at the purchase of a method .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  get   formatted
truth:  get   rate

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  parses the ancient function function to make it is a particular plugin for a dictionary .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  renders the avatar avatar context for a user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  render   generate
truth:  render   users

test:  if output is true .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  match   reported
truth:  match   function

test:  return the reader cpus in the supplied compiler .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  expand   reset
truth:  expand   reader

test:  return process_envs information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create a new defines error .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  attach a sql role representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   downgrades
truth:  attach   point

test:  return the pid for a process instance .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  pulls   instantiate
truth:  pulls   arguments

test:  check contrast indices of a numpy array .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  pulls   invoked
truth:  pulls   factor

test:  add vertex element to the vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   eliminates
truth:  add   elements

test:  helper to onpick create a figure .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  callback   overrides
truth:  callback   channel

test:  check that it is bring with a measurement where it is called for binary .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  log into the most circumstances level .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  start a file .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   created
truth:  sets   mode

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  takes   sparks
truth:  takes   number

test:  get the beginning of the string representation of this document .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   taken
truth:  get   beginning

test:  check to see if a instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  returns the length of a phone of phone number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  delete one or more config lines .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  setup the variable[conf sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  attempt to build a json object from a document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  cached   aliased
truth:  cached   json

test:  solves bernoulli order order order eq differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  parse a generator of rules or used for those rules .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  parse   unescapes
truth:  parse   rule

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  removes the first element of nodes in before .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  insert   pulls
truth:  insert   null

test:  validate the tunnel for invalid tunnel config .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  verify   containing
truth:  verify   ip

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  remove attributes from the vmwareapisessions ips .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   instructs
truth:  remove   loopback

test:  returns a formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return user_ids public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   interpret
truth:  return   dashboard

test:  verify the current versions version satisfies the roughly version .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  require   extract
truth:  require   version

test:  enable or disable an exception .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  pulls   stripping
truth:  pulls   step

test:  return the default location of the sparse image type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  returns whether the given string is valid for an extension extension .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  either returns date or none if datetime .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  turn   enhanced
truth:  turn   object

test:  print the value of a tagged parameters .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  attaches   bench
truth:  attaches   value

test:  adds a recent tile to the tuple of a recent tile .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   expect
truth:  add   body

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  return   customized
truth:  return   salt

test:  get the signature of data .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  decode   restoring
truth:  decode   data

test:  returns the path to the plot of the repo repo .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   disconnects
truth:  returns   dir

test:  get the geometry tools directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  returns an skipgrams that is whitelisted in a series of items .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return random string .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   supported
truth:  returns   paragraph

test:  returns true if *obj* permissions equal the current user in the permission settings .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  checks   allocate
truth:  checks   user

test:  a decorator that makes the instance name and instance isnt in kwarg .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  does two assuming a and b are identical .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  returns the greatest common divisor of x and b .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  returns   downgrades
truth:  returns   point

test:  convert the contents of the topics to the next run .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  consume   enroll
truth:  consume   iterator

test:  idlist : idlist ruleitem | ruleitem .
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  testing that the output with unicode sections and outputs it to a new output with a new unicode output .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  testing   generalized
truth:  testing   snippet

test:  forces an http page .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  pulls   spawns
truth:  pulls   endpoint

test:  generate a random set of sequences for testing .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   debugging
truth:  generate   dataset

test:  like electrodes .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns the file path of the file without importing .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  return the default python object for a string .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  return   assures
truth:  return   none

test:  return an absolute path to the directory of a given dir .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  returns prioritized data from project .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a queryset of products a user is allowed to filter on .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  restrict   waveform
truth:  restrict   products

test:  sets the decorated function as a class decorator .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  pulls   defines
truth:  pulls   attributes

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   storing
truth:  given   template

test:  return the contents of the user cart cart or order ends .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  load le32 a step that is registered with a status message .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  wrap layer in layer so that layer is not needed to read the layer of the layer is passed .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  pulls   initialise
truth:  pulls   layers

test:  return a string of the length in the validates that is sane .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a snmp bytecode-compiled bytecode-compiled .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  check   bench
truth:  check   value

test:  test that erfa package is properly .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  decode an object of the given serialized type .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  decode   stores
truth:  decode   name

test:  decorator that skips a task signature into a task queue .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  generates an iterator of shapes for the right coefficients of x and returns the polynomial in the model .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  construct   pulls
truth:  construct   null

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   optimize
truth:  check   quotas

test:  print all possible values for the formats option .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   exposes
truth:  print   values

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  create the db manager object .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  replaces exception frames with new location .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  removes   post_save
truth:  removes   metadata

test:  return true if a value is a window .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  extend   contructs
truth:  extend   sample

test:  get the loops through the loops of a loop and strategy strategy .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  a decorator that ensures that the specified target_id exists and is valid .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  delete a worker that does not exist for the given cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  delete   deallocate
truth:  delete   worker

test:  only return if requests and boto are installed on this minion .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  prints the text on the cursor .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   supports
truth:  print   text

test:  make the package has been stopped .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  build   corresponding
truth:  build   wheel

test:  updates the opkg database .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  updates   switch
truth:  updates   list

test:  scenarios have hashes with inline comments and inline comments .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  pulls   unroll
truth:  pulls   steps

test:  index_weblinks page: displays all files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  split the string path into .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  constructs a timestamp for start timestamp .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  formats   childnodes
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  makes logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  make   gauss
truth:  make   strings

test:  add the liveaction to an actionexecution compatible dict this is ducktyping by a separate cancellation for the liveaction .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  request   decrease
truth:  request   action

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  build   enhanced
truth:  build   object

test:  copy and return a sql reactor .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  rewrite the user .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  rewrites   allocate
truth:  rewrites   user

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  tests that are marked as translation .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   capitalizes
truth:  tests   revision

test:  returns the settings as a zip file .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  determine   labeled
truth:  determine   file

test:  main function for the sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  pulls   contructs
truth:  pulls   sample

test:  restore an iterable of nesting to a new separator .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  make sure no shell should be set .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  run   pulls
truth:  run   null

test:  clone the given expression structure .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   homebrew_packages
truth:  clone   structure

test:  generates the theme for the given theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   sampled
truth:  generate   footer

test:  const_map_item : file | node .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller for whitelisting senders .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  return a current location in an vcenter buffer .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  get   simplifies
truth:  get   packages

test:  copy attributes to dst .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   lambert
truth:  copy   src

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  like   overlay
truth:  like   func

test:  return the power of the given individual and counts on a set of tuples .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  train a sequence of input data .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  read   extract_array
truth:  read   tf

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   alignment
truth:  retrieve   section

test:  parses iso 8601 dates into a utc datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  return   childnodes
truth:  return   timestamp

test:  make sure hponcfg tool is accessible .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns a tuple of the form assuming that can be used to create a blocked .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  return the axes of axes .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  return   interfacing
truth:  return   axes

test:  remove the xmltext and sqlmap elements .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   eliminates
truth:  removes   elements

test:  compute the distance kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  compute   iterator
truth:  compute   kernel

test:  lazy init of the service .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  detect   initializes
truth:  detect   program

test:  compute a circle kkt .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  return a boolean do not running in the true true .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  pulls   prettify
truth:  pulls   process

test:  get the list of ports interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  interfaces   offset
truth:  interfaces   parameters

test:  calculate the magnetic sum of k-neighbors for a rational surface .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  calculate the rayleigh range from the waist of the waist of a gaussian distribution .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  convert between the given field and final fields .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   exposes
truth:  convert   values

test:  performs the next request on the input request and returns l .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  resets   trending
truth:  resets   driver

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  returns if a function is monotonic if a monotonic event .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  given a tuple .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  returns the given gpu stream based on the given stream .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  writes   storing
truth:  writes   template

test:  check that the example holds the same specifying the install_numpy .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  check   expression_opt
truth:  check   astropy

test:  calculates the probability density function of the specified axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   backs
truth:  return   mean

test:  print an xml element to a watcher .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  pulls   autoencoder
truth:  pulls   xml

test:  updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /static/ .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  updates   tear
truth:  updates   module

test:  find and return vera switches .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  perform   travel
truth:  perform   vera

test:  push a word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   carve
truth:  push   word

test:  check that a date/time aware datetime .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  test   evacuate
truth:  test   precision

test:  get the default column value for a given type .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  determine roles of username .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   username

test:  get the outline from the loop .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   being
truth:  get   fill

test:  helper function to construct a temporary dict with custom keys .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  check the supplied version and return the wrapped version string .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  resolve   extract
truth:  resolve   version

test:  a general view for a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  displays   reorders
truth:  displays   screenshot

test:  adds an interval to the given interval .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  parse   support
truth:  parse   time

test:  returns the index of a setext .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  retrieve   unmarshalling
truth:  retrieve   sizes

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  convert a user object to a uid .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   stores
truth:  convert   name

test:  generates a full url to a file with the given context .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  create a snapshot from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   indexes
truth:  create   snapshot

test:  translates a json file to follower and return the distribution metadata .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  takes   requesting
truth:  takes   i

test:  load python data from a file .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   flip
truth:  load   python

test:  this function does the given data in a set of values emits the data in the attribute pattern .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  iterator   packed
truth:  iterator   chunks

test:  returns the version of the stack currently running stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  get   extract
truth:  get   version

test:  guess a method that can be used as a method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  decorate   located
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restores a configuration from the original config .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  create a directory for use with tests .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  make   crop
truth:  make   directory

test:  does the provided key allowed to determine what key is known .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  substitute   testsuites
truth:  substitute   keyword

test:  let me a (0 .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  evaluate   username
truth:  evaluate   calculation

test:  parses the course id and returns a tuple .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  runs a script in the evaluation for output .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  load a template tag library module .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  load   enhanced
truth:  load   object

test:  test the a table of tables .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the name of the given code object .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  load a file created by filename .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  return all partitions supported by the device .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  fix a boolean to be used in the frobenius of a policy .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  fix   analyzes
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator that returns the length of the data in a string .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  convert a value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  locate a file name and return the absolute path if it should be a valid python module .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  gets   stores
truth:  gets   name

test:  creates a campaign feed .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   attempt
truth:  creates   extension

test:  return for log of abandoned t .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  calculate   threshold
truth:  calculate   distribution

test:  puts all the characters in the block_url code .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  flatten   pulls
truth:  flatten   null

test:  return path without normalizing .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target ignoring nodes and target ignoring nodes .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  restart traffic server on the local node and all traffic server .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   pulls
truth:  restart   null

test:  return the index of a binary image .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  name a package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  remove   downloading
truth:  remove   package

test:  execute a file template with the given uri and return the resulting context .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  locate   storing
truth:  locate   template

test:  a if a url doesnt exist in a local url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  verify   invokes
truth:  verify   works

test:  itemtype add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   teardown
truth:  add   type

test:  get the cli cli input argument .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  tokens   dtype
truth:  tokens   arg

test:  print a string with the tokens in a given domain .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  request   tile
truth:  request   information

test:  remove any ending of a column .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  eliminates   pulls
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  returns the specified function that takes accepted name for a method found in a series of requested accepted .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  creates   reported
truth:  creates   function

test:  adds an atomic group to the tuple of the machines group .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   rising
truth:  add   group

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  enables   pulls
truth:  enables   null

test:  a compatible version of the determinism .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  output   flask
truth:  output   times

test:  features tags are register tags .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  applied   handle
truth:  applied   features

test:  send packets at layer 3 send -> none .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   unescapes
truth:  apply   rule

test:  this is a generic version of the command to display all the data output .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  return a list of 0 to represent the right distribution .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  create   renders
truth:  create   series

test:  delete the state of a resource .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   pulls
truth:  delete   null

test:  connect to the given socket and port and return the connection .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  try   trivial
truth:  try   connection

test:  check a boolean to see if a vm is installed .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  set   point
truth:  set   status

test:  adds a trace function for an action trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   applied
truth:  update   trace

test:  return the callback as json for the given thread .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   reported
truth:  get   function

test:  extract links from webpack in order to be used in the document .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  filter   hits
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the usage with the principal error message .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  returns a random value .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   urlencode
truth:  returns   item

test:  run the command in a given ipmi output .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  runs   attriute
truth:  runs   stdout

test:  convert a configuration file for the provided configuration .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  takes   freezing
truth:  takes   configuration

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  carves   decorated
truth:  carves   mime

test:  return information about available ports .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  print   restoring
truth:  print   data

test:  unset the message to be used for all series tests .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  discard   added
truth:  discard   p

test:  validate a cache file .
truth: remove " . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  check to see if the stream exists in the stream .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  check   takes
truth:  check   stream

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   compiles
truth:  run   suite

test:  get print format for given document .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  return a single named information item from the os command output data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  verify public webhook .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   tell
truth:  verify   signature

test:  run an interactive python script .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  open   insert
truth:  open   targets

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  this function takes a string and returns either this string or a regexp object .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   shared
truth:  function   string

test:  currently executing connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   trivial
truth:  returns   connection

test:  construct a version 2 ipv6 header with custom version .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   combined
truth:  construct   ipv4

test:  return the data to remote .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  split the first two likelihood that preserves the specified type .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  brew a dict with the keys that have the same name .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  given   pass
truth:  given   document

test:  helper function to file descriptor to non-blocking .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  sync   restoring
truth:  sync   data

test:  midpoint over period .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  weighted   pulls
truth:  weighted   null

test:  handle lists/arrays of basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  handle   pulls
truth:  handle   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function that takes a url and returns the whole string .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  check   propagates
truth:  check   qurl

test:  create a hash of text from a string to be used for printing .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  extract   optdict
truth:  extract   lines

test:  initialize a single file for the specified file .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   labeled
truth:  decode   file

test:  converts a string of ctypes objects to an unicode string .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  return the radius of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   rewrite
truth:  return   radius

test:  updates the course blocks for the enrolled course .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  pass   reported
truth:  pass   function

test:  returns a capabilities object for the given capabilities .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  get all of the cpu metric .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  determines whether the class is of the instances of a given frame .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   need
truth:  declare   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  create composite image using a transparency images .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  create   blend
truth:  create   mask

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter percentile .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  evaluates the inverse sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   pulls
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  creates a new port .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  creates   deserialized
truth:  creates   bridge

test:  sets the language for the given request .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  process   stretch
truth:  process   language

test:  generates a meas string for the given domain id .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generate   talking
truth:  generate   dict

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  remove the given string .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   block
truth:  remove   chars

test:  returns a getter property .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  returns   were
truth:  returns   property

test:  returns a raise containing: if the supplied header is found .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  creates   switch
truth:  creates   list

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   decimals
truth:  validate   storage

test:  remove the unicode encoding and modified xml file content .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  attempts   pulls
truth:  attempts   null

test:  generate a secret key and generate it .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  return true if the field has empty .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  return   paginates
truth:  return   queues

test:  parses a progress html starting at position of an html string .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  pull   uploading
truth:  pull   job

test:  declaration_specifiers : storage_class_specifier declaration_specifiers semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  pulls   downgrade
truth:  pulls   declaration_specifiers

test:  close serial port for snap reprap communications .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   receives
truth:  close   port

test:  two very simple high order sequences for debugging .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  pulls   limiting
truth:  pulls   order

test:  returns utf-8 representation of the supplied 8-bit string .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  decode   flip
truth:  decode   python

test:  get information about an image cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  get all instance mapping for a given instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  get   igor
truth:  get   device

test:  create a new instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  return the current time for the current locale .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  template   hits
truth:  template   filter

test:  handle a sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  puts   vms
truth:  puts   thread

test:  send a service to service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  pulls   reverses
truth:  pulls   services

test:  check if the given module is installed .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  return   tear
truth:  return   module

test:  change the name to pprint .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  provides   mocked
truth:  provides   runner

test:  solves a system of equations using lu decomposition given a matrix of coefficients .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   clustered
truth:  solves   equations

test:  set a exponential estimator .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  sets   offset
truth:  sets   parameters

test:  a decorator of a function of a method .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  wraps   float
truth:  wraps   decorator

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   hover
truth:  read   bytes

test:  remove a child element from a list of text .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   eliminates
truth:  remove   elements

test:  returns the tops modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   init
truth:  returns   modules

test:  render a resource estimators .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  check if repo_directory doesnt exist on the repo .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  tokenid : token | qliteral | code | prec .
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  uses pixel to convert a binary number of bits .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  reduce   prepopulates
truth:  reduce   bits

test:  return a unicode-compatible .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  decorator to support a view that need to views of the user .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  call   reported
truth:  call   function

test:  event handlers are loading after loading until package is loaded .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  checks if virtual machine is greater than the given version and the 2 .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   crowding
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  create a sphinx extension for sphinx .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  wrapped   stays
truth:  wrapped   sphinx

test:  check a boolean specifying the list of files and power .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  get   autoreleased
truth:  get   types

test:  add a cli manager to the passed parent manager .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  pulls   decrease
truth:  pulls   action

test:  convert a adding integer to a complex .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  check that npm dir exists .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  test mne in sign handling .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   localize
truth:  find   reference

test:  returns a list of all bypass interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  gives   switch
truth:  gives   list

test:  decorator that implement a client and replace all of its results .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  execute   pts
truth:  execute   rpc

test:  creates a course settings for the given user .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  generate   aliased
truth:  generate   json

test:  parses a calendar and returns a tuple of hierarchy .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  return   dissassociates
truth:  return   levels

test:  returns the color in the color of two color tuples .
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  splits   pulls
truth:  splits   null

test:  return true if sympy/numpy/scipy is vi .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   divides
truth:  return   matrices

test:  connect to aws route :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   listens
truth:  connect   amazon

test:  return the linear transformation of y by x or x by y when one or both of x and y is a lineartransform instance parameters x : writeme y :
truth: compute dot . 
test:  compute   boot
truth:  compute   dot

test:  redirects to httpheader redirect redirect .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  redirect   bring
truth:  redirect   page

test:  get a tokenization library based on the flag and cdh4 implementation .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  return   sanitize
truth:  return   libraries

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  download   pulls
truth:  download   null

test:  check if all angles have been indexes on the row and the ith .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   switch
truth:  split   list

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  disallow   decorating
truth:  disallow   log

test:  generate a test as the underlying underlying storage .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  testing   pulls
truth:  testing   null

test:  returns a closure suitable for use as the tests .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a template tag and return a parsedtemplate object .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   deconvolves
truth:  parse   level

test:  convert a timestamp to a timestamp for datastore storage .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  lists all known user .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   temperature
truth:  converts   date

test:  return true if path is a python package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  is   define
truth:  is   path

test:  test decision decision into list of head words .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  test   blacklisted
truth:  test   attachments

test:  clears the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  gets the snmp value from the environment if it exists or is not .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  pulls   assume
truth:  pulls   header

test:  returns a new topic that has the same reference as that the specified ref .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  sort   reported
truth:  sort   function

test:  converts an aware datetime to local time zone .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   disables
truth:  converts   datetime

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable filled with same shape and dtype .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  returns true if there are an infinite line in it .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return an random string with random characters .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generates   pulls
truth:  generates   null

test:  confirm that all the common elements of the provided test set .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  pass   defines
truth:  pass   attributes

test:  create a checker for the db .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  wrap   pulls
truth:  wrap   null

test:  ico -> returns log .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  pulls   splitting
truth:  pulls   surface

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   figure
truth:  test   inputs

test:  returns true if *obj* is a collection of objects .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  tests   enhanced
truth:  tests   object

test:  for program .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  initialize   tear
truth:  initialize   module

test:  setup the gpmdp component .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   pulls
truth:  setup   null

test:  receive a decorator to make sure that the data is in a test case .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  return the wrapped version of the wrapped frequency .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  contract   pulls
truth:  contract   null

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  find out what items are documented in source/* .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  find   enhance
truth:  find   items

test:  makes epochs from the epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  equalize   sparks
truth:  equalize   number

test:  create a /-delimited path from a list of objects .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  return   widening
truth:  return   location

test:  get the precedence state for state .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  find the path to the absolute path running a folder .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a py_buffer-providing object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   restrict
truth:  convert   array

test:  only return if all the modules are available .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   building
truth:  add   tag

test:  add an exception to the queue .
truth: given a request . 
test:  given   knapsack
truth:  given   request

test:  update the websites for a list of websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return intersect as a list of lists given by baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  check that a course mode is expired and dumps the course mode args: username: : the course mode .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the number of files in a string .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   etc_services
truth:  setup   sensors

test:  decorator to make a function that requires multiprocessing multiprocessing on client-side .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  returns the given string .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  decorate   pulls
truth:  decorate   null

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   restoring
truth:  displays   data

test:  remove a single file .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  remove   printed
truth:  remove   pattern

test:  returns the fresh fresh or x .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  return   preserve
truth:  return   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  generate   reconstructs
truth:  generate   ndarray

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return the base image properties used for validating details .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  sets   backup
truth:  sets   properties

test:  using the renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  using   challenges
truth:  using   renderer

test:  returns true if any element of the sequence satisfies true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   eliminates
truth:  returns   elements

test:  checks that the current site is currently loaded with the current site .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  only work on solaris based systems .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  simple function that converts a set of strings into a natural type .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  expects   authorizes
truth:  expects   command

test:  scrub the breadth-first method of a unregister object .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  pulls   clones
truth:  pulls   server

test:  evacuate evacuate data if not already present in facts dict dict: the facts dict updated with the facts dict .
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all pricing cache information in the driver dict .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   eliminating
truth:  invalidate   cache

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   flashes
truth:  replace   characters

test:  add and transfer the closest remaining corner .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   define
truth:  transfer   path

test:  class decorator to register an appropriate class in order to be returned in the class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  pulls   render
truth:  pulls   issubclass

test:  returns all issues in a set of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  extract   augments
truth:  extract   issues

test:  export the given to a yaml exploration .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  tests plural targets are not deleted .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  tests   b1
truth:  tests   translations

test:  returns a line based on the position or open a message .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   simulating
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   extract
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   batch
truth:  run   code

test:  send and receive srbt packet using a bluetooth socket .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  returns an instance of the first opened to empty string .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   import
truth:  is   summary

test:  generates a loop with the hidden variables of a training .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   debugging
truth:  evaluate   dataset

test:  return all nodes in the graph that has a positive matrix .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  returns   s
truth:  returns   sets

test:  returns lowercased string representation of functrion .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  translate   corrupts
truth:  translate   terms

test:  ensure a profile is a specific examples: .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  get a list of osf statistics for the current tenant .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   focused
truth:  get   dates

test:  build a right environment and run in msvs .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  run   binhexed
truth:  run   tests

test:  computes the diff of a dict and the expected one of expected arguments are the prefix those items .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  given   svn
truth:  given   dicts

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  return true if the given node is a decorator decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  download a file-like object from the bucket .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  sanitize filename with spaces .
truth: utility function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a seqrecord to a time tuple .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  pulls   poll
truth:  pulls   versions

test:  find all the epath functions within a path .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  manipulate   sums
truth:  manipulate   expression

test:  return a batch of mark to ufunc is a float .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  pulls   array
truth:  pulls   computation

test:  returns the returner modules .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   downloading
truth:  return   package

test:  test must be defined as a decorator to pass in requests to a function .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  make   reported
truth:  make   function

test:  decorate a method to test headers .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   wanted
truth:  generate   filename

test:  delete the given child record .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   eliminating
truth:  delete   cache

test:  authenticate with authentication token .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  authenticate   guvectorize
truth:  authenticate   oauth

test:  prints the current timer object .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  saves   skipped
truth:  saves   use

test:  override the default string handling function to always return unicode objects .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  construct   come
truth:  construct   yaml

test:  inverse of the elemwise erfinv function .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure secret from private/secret and other secret .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  pulls   sends
truth:  pulls   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   teardown
truth:  converts   type

test:  used to recursively look up a template file .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  render   labeled
truth:  render   file

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  default   knapsack
truth:  default   request

test:  returns config value clean from a configuration header .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   listen
truth:  takes   key

test:  get the spherical path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   confirmed
truth:  get   length

test:  return a fresh cipher object with the specified key .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  convert a role to a message .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   present
truth:  linking   role

test:  decorator to make sure the predicted and dpid on a metadata_version application .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  return the template string of the given productions .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  given a linear programming row .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  normalizes text to arbitrary space .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   shared
truth:  normalize   string

test:  detects image file from the file and return the new getfacl .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   handle
truth:  detects   features

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  serialize   pulls
truth:  serialize   null

test:  process the xml element by geometryoutput .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns the average of the passed user .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  asks   allocate
truth:  asks   user

test:  generate rsa keys of nbits bits .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   review
truth:  generates   keys

test:  returns the current worker for a task .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  executing   mount
truth:  executing   task

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  generates a n stream of c{split_value} .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  pulls   hover
truth:  pulls   bytes

test:  call this function before sections .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  display the clairvoyance dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  does this action have been replaced with a given action .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  pulls   fit
truth:  pulls   choices

test:  returns a count of clades tree that are used to reference .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  count   pulls
truth:  count   null

test:  return true iff these have the same api .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  simulates   inplace
truth:  simulates   ovs

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   commit
truth:  get   repository

test:  test the built-in usage of invalid issues .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   storing
truth:  delete   template

test:  determine whether the given index element is equivalent to determine if it is a tuple of .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   utf-8
truth:  determine   argument

test:  change the coupon against the coupon code snippet to change what is being used .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  remove the given string to split it into words .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   blocklists
truth:  get   carving

test:  test that handler; .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a groups activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   takes
truth:  return   stream

test:  no changes to the image meta table from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   forwards
truth:  changes   image

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   monkeypatches
truth:  creating   bar

test:  returns the person value for a given user .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  get   allocate
truth:  get   user

test:  formats the image .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   sanitize
truth:  format   libraries

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to tiles and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a datetime object for the given job id .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert a remembered .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  string   blocks
truth:  string   representation

test:  return the version of the ports table cli example: .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  reset the specified model to the given model .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   tile
truth:  reset   information

test:  test that ipython [subcommand] --help-all works .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   issue
truth:  test   ipython

test:  return the version of the request .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  validate that a collection of invalid requirements for each of the specified requirements .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  validate   purge
truth:  validate   requirements

test:  same as twisted .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  generate an md5 hash of a file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  generate   orthoganlize
truth:  generate   hash

test:  change the given column to the given column .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  pulls   address
truth:  pulls   sqlalchemy

test:  moves a file or folder together to the preferred parent directory .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  move   enhanced
truth:  move   object

test:  rename a file .
truth: move a file . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  convert text to rst format .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  pulls   masks
truth:  pulls   jinja2

test:  get the fans object associated with an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the correct part of v .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  pulls   added
truth:  pulls   p

test:  return the raw tool path .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  load   blocks
truth:  load   representation

test:  checks for warnings header header .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  checks   flashes
truth:  checks   characters

test:  yaml: builders-from a file .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  output of each of time .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  plots   organize
truth:  plots   histogram

test:  writes a string to standard python objects .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  dump   reported
truth:  dump   function

test:  return a list of users that belong to a particular api .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   stores
truth:  find   name

test:  return the python recommended object compiled for the given *things .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  add   authenticated
truth:  add   everything

test:  display the feed dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   logged
truth:  display   dialog

test:  calculate the ith number for a string .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  register attempts to clusters in a doctest object .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   pulls
truth:  register   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running randomreturn .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   requesting
truth:  get   i

test:  load all plugins .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  attempts   interpolated
truth:  attempts   plugins

test:  load a logger .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get empty objects after replacing it function .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  recursive   located
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a sequence of seed .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  return   place
truth:  return   generator

test:  check if the given compatibility is valid .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  runs   retrive
truth:  runs   checks

test:  returns if specified kernel is valid .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  run a command on sys .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  return a *safe* weak reference to a specific target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  instantiates   pulls
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  pulls   retrying
truth:  pulls   compatibility

test:  return the vmdk size for the given image .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  the unsafe version is a tuple with a 012 version string .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  undoes   pulls
truth:  undoes   null

test:  square matrix to be returned as evaluated by angle .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  make   analyze
truth:  make   copy

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   template
truth:  view   sitemap

test:  create a file client and add it to the context .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   unload
truth:  create   client

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   trivial
truth:  create   connection

test:  scan a video archive from a file .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   updating
truth:  scan   archive

test:  add random format to random .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   deduces
truth:  insert   circuit

test:  get all api deployment deployment for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   keep
truth:  get   deployment

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   utf-8
truth:  check   argument

test:  close a process .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   unmap
truth:  close   descriptors

test:  start the dialog dialog .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  display   plucks
truth:  display   window

test:  opens and store it to a file .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  download   labeled
truth:  download   file

test:  extracts input data from the given dir .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns the computername of a user as a string .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  convert   backup
truth:  convert   properties

test:  clears the screen screen .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  remove   escaped
truth:  remove   post

test:  quick check for a file looks at least one artifact .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  return the most significant shape of the most recent values .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  return   clamp
truth:  return   area

test:  return a list containing all stacks while trailer a directory .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  a test suite that just runs the old test suite .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  remove   specifies
truth:  remove   methods

test:  a helper for :func:joinedload() .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  decorator to make a class that runs commands command and test as root .
truth: run setup . 
test:  run   demonstrates
truth:  run   setup

test:  return a dict-like python object from the instance of the provided dict .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  pulls   lambda
truth:  pulls   django

test:  ensure that the appropriate setuptools is installed .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  get the maximum relayiplist after the first .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  get an integration for a given apiid and deploymentid cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   unserialize
truth:  get   integration

test:  parse the hosts string .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  pulls   listen
truth:  pulls   key

test:  return true if the query contains a involves sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  returns   brings
truth:  returns   checksum

test:  return length of utf-8 for the given object .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  return   confirmed
truth:  return   length

test:  return the median of the values in the list .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  calculate   renders
truth:  calculate   series

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  returns a test suite for the members of all tests .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  returns   browse
truth:  returns   testsuite

test:  wraps function c{f} with baseline code snippet for all code sorted by the function c{f} .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  call   pulls
truth:  call   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  attempts to convert a string to an integer .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  sort   pulls
truth:  sort   null

test:  parses metric statistics into a list of metric .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  traverse   configured
truth:  traverse   tree

test:  return the average clustering of the bipartite clustering in g .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   imports
truth:  compute   coefficient

test:  the text before and after common element in a sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  introduce   sign
truth:  introduce   pair

test:  submit a similar to the given field .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  submits   knapsack
truth:  submits   request

test:  adds a github team with team_name .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  removes   archive
truth:  removes   member

test:  disassociate all defined fixed ips from a host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  disassociate   protect
truth:  disassociate   ips

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   pulls
truth:  generate   null

test:  test that the redshift methods are not just the containers .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  create a new in-memory node .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   encapsulate
truth:  create   instance

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   forbid
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file given its name and return its handle .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   labeled
truth:  open   file

test:  deserialize brick(s) or stream like yaml .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   takes
truth:  deserialize   stream

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   flattening
truth:  returns   field

test:  clean out the path component .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  make   define
truth:  make   path

test:  file_input : simple_stmt | newline | program .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  returns a cache key for the header cache .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration will read the first line from the next file ; lines not read from the file will not count towards the
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  returns   small_stmts
truth:  returns   line

test:  return a dict with the default value for each user in the settings .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  displays   unrooted
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create an sdm from an iterable of expressions and return it .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  get the retention stream with the name and name stream_name .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  decrease   standardises
truth:  decrease   period

test:  split the input graph into a single op .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  add   appends
truth:  add   add

test:  parses the partition into the partition .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  parse   requesting
truth:  parse   i

test:  query the parent of a range identified by --hash_key .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  queries   pulls
truth:  queries   null

test:  tests that we can load a contractive autoencoder and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  loads   labeled
truth:  loads   file

test:  returns otus from an otu map file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  filter   marks
truth:  filter   otus

test:  create a context manager for testing .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  context   colorized
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  upload a file to the selected image .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  filters out the list of entries for given regexp path .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   reinitialize
truth:  return   subset

test:  returns a dict like dict .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  pooling   pulls
truth:  pooling   null

test:  returns the path of the given module .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  pulls   provide
truth:  pulls   provider

test:  iterates over all of the patterns that matches pat .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  iterates   ip
truth:  iterates   paths

test:  make the upper callback sum .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  parse the command line and return the bytes .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  send   authorizes
truth:  send   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  evaluate python expression should be a list of values .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  update the specified service .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  executes   pulls
truth:  executes   null

test:  it should be preceded by the name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  assert   safe_octal
truth:  assert   class

test:  return the value of the given thread id .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  read   resolved
truth:  read   threads

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   decrease
truth:  parse   action

test:  execute the main function to add it in the script .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns a list of issues after a given page .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  decorator for a function to make sure a recursive ones are recursive and applies it in the user .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the running on callfuncs or party context .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a humanized database type for a given url .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  returns   encapsulate
truth:  returns   instance

test:  makes a next lti .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  check if file has been changed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  check   subscribed
truth:  check   configure

test:  remove repeated repeated for a set of snapshotted .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  removes   convert
truth:  removes   sequences

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  pulls   go
truth:  pulls   channels

test:  dump all the current integrate cli examples: .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  dump   freezing
truth:  dump   configuration

test:  returns a prime number of max .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   sparks
truth:  returns   number

test:  write data to a file in chunks and add it to the given stream .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   takes
truth:  write   stream

test:  returns true if the passed in proxyname is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  check   customized
truth:  check   salt

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   reported
truth:  marks   function

test:  export method to a png file format .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   grabs
truth:  export   png

test:  adds a new element to the flex .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  adds   compiles
truth:  adds   suite

test:  convert an object to numpy scalar or numpy scalar .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  convert   safe_octal
truth:  convert   class

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for notificationsetting .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   knapsack
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   unsubscribe
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  uppercase the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any upper case letters .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  pulls   flashes
truth:  pulls   characters

test:  a sysv hash of: a symbol .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  start a supervisor process .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   prettify
truth:  start   process

test:  get_home_dir() magic algorithm for dictionaries with same is_public .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  verify   s
truth:  verify   sets

test:  convert a long integer into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  reports and send the daily report to be removed at the image_loc .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  this function makes the script for this script .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  build   created
truth:  build   mode

test:  test the included api_key based header to ensure token works as expected .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   decorates
truth:  test   web

test:  return a valid host string .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  sanitize   shared
truth:  sanitize   string

test:  run all the given command in a given shell .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  create a new git repository .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   resample
truth:  create   directories

test:  tests that the in-db error is improved correctly .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  try   unleash
truth:  try   store

test:  turn a list of allocations into a list of allocations by resource provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  turn   switch
truth:  turn   list

test:  given an image .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  update   indicating
truth:  update   images

test:  extract translations from a file .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   prioritized
truth:  extract   messages

test:  adds *prefix* route from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the source as network controller .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  pulls   nose
truth:  pulls   prefix

test:  delete one or more datastore keys in datastore .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  open file like mode .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   pulls
truth:  open   null

test:  verify that every value is related to the provided plug-in .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  make   mignotte
truth:  make   things

test:  returns true if point is valid .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  is   listen
truth:  is   key

test:  provides the given user with the given dimension .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  preprocess   overriding
truth:  preprocess   dimension

test:  generate a neighbor string indicating the number of l1 and l2 until the given scalar .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  test   dwindle
truth:  test   neighbor

test:  returns a list of argument on the given argument .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  measure   confirmed
truth:  measure   length

test:  download the command from the correct archive and return its filename .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  build   small_stmts
truth:  build   line

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   iuploader
truth:  perform   lookup

test:  returns true if tuple is valid .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  requeue message(s) from the mail queue cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the harrell-davis estimate of y given an iterable of values .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   usage
truth:  remove   rows

test:  return the path to the user-shared config file .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  get   wanted
truth:  get   filename

test:  this function builds a path to the shortcut .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  launch   draft
truth:  launch   prompt

test:  create a fake cluster versioned orm .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  create   joins
truth:  create   cluster

test:  tests that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  decorator to add a revision to the specified revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  view   float
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses in cifar-10 model .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  returns the pkg for the datadir of all of the datadir files in a datadir if you match against the datadir of the datadir .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  returns   mounts
truth:  returns   objects

test:  collects a set of boolean field field on the block structure of block field and transformer : a set of boolean field notes that have a set of boolean field
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   flattening
truth:  collects   field

test:  test installing a nonexistent extra warns .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  warning   eventlet
truth:  warning   warning

test:  add a path based on the current request .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  returns the user model instance for a given user_id .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  fetches   pushing
truth:  fetches   model

test:  build node kubelet_args in the node-config .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   rounding
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with random point .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   downgrades
truth:  executes   point

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given datetime .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  handler for adding a refund for a refund enrollment .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  signal   selecting
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if the object is subclass of enum .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  check   enhanced
truth:  check   object

test:  initializes all applications from django .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  forces   blurred
truth:  forces   applications

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  pulls   doctest
truth:  pulls   remainder

test:  return a _repr_html_ configuration object .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  returns true if g consists of the graph g .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  decides   lstrip
truth:  decides   set

test:  adds a plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  adds   stretch
truth:  adds   language

test:  error checking for routines that return strings .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  error   rendering
truth:  error   routines

test:  computes the gram-schmidt entropy for given bounding value .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  find   eliminates
truth:  find   elements

test:  load the module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  returns true .
truth: return true . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the first interface hash for the qt hash support .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  given   orthoganlize
truth:  given   hash

test:  create a data containing color of hsv to find out of the given start .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  makes   increment
truth:  makes   gradient

test:  print a commit to a stream .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  show   disappear
truth:  show   commit

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if the given package is installed in the given package .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   shared
truth:  tokenizes   string

test:  call post-configuration of packages cli example: .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  returns all the sentiment that match the given item .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  rank   connect
truth:  rank   entities

test:  remove a license from the specified license key the data: is a license .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   rebuild
truth:  remove   license

test:  compute an indefinite sum of the gosper algorithm for the indefinite algorithm and g .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  pulls   suppose
truth:  pulls   algorithm

test:  execute a command and add it to a url .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  returns polynomial quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  returns   superimposes
truth:  returns   quotient

test:  cleans the canonical path .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  attempt to kill sure the current thread passed .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the freesurfer_home home directory .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  return   users

test:  return the getmodule for an object .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  open file with given arguments to match the specified file .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  make   labeled
truth:  make   file

test:  test that a set of matplotlib plots is psfont .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  error   capturing
truth:  error   error

test:  returns a sample of sample identifiers from a population .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  returns   analyzes
truth:  returns   size

test:  the sitemap for the sqs .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  returns a list of changes from the given list of changes .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  get   loads
truth:  get   changes

test:  returns the number of seconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  return a command of html and problems in help manner .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  identify   switch
truth:  identify   list

test:  convert a mobius to a mobius if it is equal to b .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   labels
truth:  convert   transform

test:  returns a decorator that also stores a new-style way of the given function .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  mark   casting
truth:  mark   coverage

test:  recursively checks to all users .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  handle   rearranges
truth:  handle   import

test:  permanently delete a virtual network device .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   fake
truth:  delete   load

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   fake
truth:  load   load

test:  set nested stanzas value listname .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value .
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  returns a theano model with the inputs probability for the hamiltonian .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  return inverse of the addons tag .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  get   turning
truth:  get   posts

test:  set new clientdeployinfoexternal of an theyre theyre .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to version .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   strips
truth:  extract   changelog

test:  return the full path of the given pil .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  used   resample
truth:  used   directories

test:  return power if p is a 1024 return the principal element .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  return   contributed
truth:  return   t

test:  return the grade histogram of the given module .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  print   organize
truth:  print   histogram

test:  returns "dir" or "file" according to what type path is .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   introduce
truth:  returns   l

test:  return a list of all active vms names .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  run the stdouts that the input usage to printed output the name of the context .
truth: override sys . 
test:  override   inputhook
truth:  override   sys

test:  try to find out the root of a preceding based on its option .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  return   matching
truth:  return   timedelta

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  find   cleaning
truth:  find   matrix

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  pulls   turn
truth:  pulls   case

test:  returns true if given fuzzy .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  creates the diff config dictionary .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  pulls   wants
truth:  pulls   parts

test:  stubs out methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  stubs   specifies
truth:  stubs   methods

test:  replace the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  replace   autoencoder
truth:  replace   xml

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  makes   crop
truth:  makes   directory

test:  returns the username of a process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  returns   username

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   listen
truth:  returns   key

test:  apply the feature to each feature .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  replace   homebrew_packages
truth:  replace   structure

test:  returns the architecture that the required architecture from the architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  returns   searching
truth:  returns   architecture

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   fills
truth:  encode   base64

test:  clear all the cache cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  clear   eliminating
truth:  clear   cache

test:  opens and reads the contents of the given file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  returns true if the super type is installed .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  determines   pulls
truth:  determines   null

test:  create a new worker for setup .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  pulls   deallocate
truth:  pulls   worker

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   cleaning
truth:  get   matrix

test:  returns a new redis .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  usage   embedded
truth:  usage   example

test:  find a file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   roundrobin
truth:  find   application

test:  if the bundle structure is flat .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  pulls   homebrew_packages
truth:  pulls   structure

test:  compare two files that are equal .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  apply validation and process_view to the database .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  alter   mutate
truth:  alter   column

test:  run a wrapper in a new way .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  send a factory method that will be used when a connection is passed .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  default   enumerates
truth:  default   protocol

test:  returns the plugin :class:i18nstore .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  pulls   write
truth:  pulls   dependencies

test:  generate discovery docs and client libraries to files .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  generate   wheather
truth:  generate   library

test:  write to error message .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   build
truth:  check   conf

test:  get vector3 by dictionary .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   pre
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   failing
truth:  decorate   style

test:  return the list of all 1 1 that describes the same major .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  return   poll
truth:  return   versions

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  module   reported
truth:  module   function

test:  only work on solaris based systems .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  return the path without the extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  return   extension

test:  only work on mac os .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  test for info proc mappings .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   populating
truth:  test   info

test:  ensure document page break can be trapped .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  returns the list of keys returned with the given keys .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   connect
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns the unix revision of a socket .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  gets   stored
truth:  gets   #

test:  returns true if the field in a foreignkey buffer .
truth: given a field . 
test:  given   flattening
truth:  given   field

test:  this creates a new word .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  creates   offset
truth:  creates   parameters

test:  convert from short to rgb color space .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  short   identified
truth:  short   rgb

test:  get the current warning object .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   located
truth:  return   method

test:  reads the grains from the specified file .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  register a new role for the given role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  given a key string and an optional content .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return the string representation of the (x)html e .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  convert   sparks
truth:  convert   number

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  function   distribute
truth:  function   proxy

test:  read names from the given file path .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  pick authentication installer for a installer .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   identifies
truth:  pick   plugin

test:  return an appropriate string from a dictionary .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  build   safe_octal
truth:  build   class

test:  get the consumer notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   supplied
truth:  get   api

test:  test to make sure that the reader reader inputs multidimensional by the last .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  make   categorize
truth:  make   read

test:  retrieve a locale from a class .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  convert a timeseries to a timezone aware datetime object .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  convert   disables
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  return the megam binary with the given information .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  configure   paging
truth:  configure   interface

test:  images resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   temperature
truth:  convert   date

test:  downloads setuptools from a setup .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  download   unsqueezing
truth:  download   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips belonging to a project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   protect
truth:  get   ips

test:  this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  function   safe_octal
truth:  function   class

test:  return a dict with information about the given function definition2 .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  test that the notation gives the notation with regular expression .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  tests   sums
truth:  tests   expression

test:  serialize the given value string into a datetime object .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  serializes   format
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  returns the radial results based on the validation results .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  limit   prioritized
truth:  limit   messages

test:  parse the json-encoded line of a stack msg .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   pulls
truth:  parse   null

test:  add a list to a user .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  returns a dictionary of ndependents that will be used to ndependents the given dict .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  pulls   eliminates
truth:  pulls   elements

test:  a generator that yields lines from source to issue .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  convert a linecollection to a text3d object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  yield pathname as an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   enroll
truth:  return   iterator

test:  create a class with a single global subclass class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  add   safe_octal
truth:  add   class

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  return a list of items into a single collection of items .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  given   sequences

test:  raw raw event data for each url in a time .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  interpret   fitnesse
truth:  interpret   events

test:  check to make sure the default @cleanupdef works as expected .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  send a helpful application from the given address .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  writes _cached_views inverse of typing to save as numpy array of under the unfiltered .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  pulls   carry
truth:  pulls   test

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert a string into an integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  cast   shared
truth:  cast   string

test:  run html tidy with tidy5 .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   small_stmts
truth:  run   line

test:  return the descendants of a graph g in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   increase
truth:  return   nodes

test:  print all the rows in the specific row .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   usage
truth:  prints   rows

test:  prints a particular error code for a given code .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  build a client to the google cloud natural language api .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  recursively sort data to avoid dicts .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  verifies if a command is not accidentally the given arguments .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  pulls   reduced
truth:  pulls   cli

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   evpn
truth:  removes   schema

test:  generates a few logged in the setting of the application .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  creates   gzip
truth:  creates   markup

test:  scan a smtpd log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   decorating
truth:  scan   log

test:  given a route table or id and a vpc id .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  creates   bounds
truth:  creates   table

test:  return eol characters .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  get   flashes
truth:  get   characters

test:  register models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   backup
truth:  register   properties

test:  checks if a package is installed with a fixers for the given package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  return   step
truth:  return   names

test:  check for existence of bad values in key .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  calculate md5sum for a file .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  calculate   userdata
truth:  calculate   md5sum

test:  wrapper for int .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  gets the media prefix for the media with the given signature .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  populates   storing
truth:  populates   template

test:  cast a variable to a dtype .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   pulls
truth:  cast   null

test:  parse an appropriate date string from the given string .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  attempts   shared
truth:  attempts   string

test:  coerces -> integer convert a 16-bit integer from network to host byte order .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  deletes a problem and a problem .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   inform
truth:  delete   entry

test:  check a logger for handlers and ignores events on falsewhile .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  see   code
truth:  see   logger

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  set the password for a named password .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  bootstrap a vm by running the discovery package name the name of the state to bootstrap .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  adds a submission for the current request to the context .
truth: says hello . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   pass
truth:  delete   document

test:  get the arguments for a function that can be used as the controller - the controller - used as an argument to check the controller - match the controller -
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  build   instantiate
truth:  build   arguments

test:  returns a list of all models for all models in the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  makes an image from a list of features .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  prepare   enhanced
truth:  prepare   object

test:  draw the navigation axes .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  handle   submits
truth:  handle   navigation

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   executed
truth:  remove   dictionary

test:  build the line contains indentation or tab characters .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  return   dataframe
truth:  return   comments

test:  return the indentation of indentation in a text .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  convert degrees in seconds to dms .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  return   speed
truth:  return   minutes

test:  validates that the given validator function validates that the provided validator contains and set to allows us to be used for the provided and that require a valid .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   protects
truth:  validate   args

test:  water sources: restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  pulls   deployments
truth:  pulls   sources

test:  returns data from the content of data .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  returns true if this is a package - useful for its builtin .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  test   shared
truth:  test   string

test:  delete asset batch .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  del   notes
truth:  del   asset

test:  return a list of groups and the groups .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  return   paste
truth:  return   containers

test:  publish a user translation if the page isnt the language has completed .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   bring
truth:  publish   page

test:  get the bracket mesh .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  get   regressiont
truth:  get   index

test:  setup the generic hold tv platform .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   represents
truth:  setup   radio

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  convert   coordinate

test:  return a list of hdus trees to a string .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  return   small_stmts
truth:  return   line

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  add   knapsack
truth:  add   request

test:  normalizes string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  normalizes   shared
truth:  normalizes   string

test:  find subnodes in children assuming that matches filters .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  find   banned
truth:  find   children

test:  individual insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   attribute
truth:  insert   statements

test:  retrieve all the full directories of a zip file .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  pulls   crop
truth:  pulls   directory

test:  makes an iterable of encoding objects mapping .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  creates   quotes
truth:  creates   map

test:  make a sequential palette from a list of colors .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   ignoring
truth:  make   palette

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of all available modules .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return a list of mappings and that exactly restarted .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  t loglikelihood given observations and y .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  pulls   intrepret
truth:  pulls   pdf

test:  return the attribute of the given object .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  get   constrain
truth:  get   attribute

test:  tell the user to plot a figure .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  draw   close
truth:  draw   graphs

test:  get the list of all the exercise .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  copy the source from the destination to the destination .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   obfuscate
truth:  copy   tokens

test:  transposes a crop image with the specified height .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  given   resume
truth:  given   pil

test:  update timeline when this is edited .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  unregister a previously registered class alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parse a media asynchronously .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   slave_open
truth:  parse   media

test:  parse a genes file .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   labeled
truth:  parse   file

test:  returns a list with ids of all collections that the given user subscribes to .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   controls
truth:  returns   ids

test:  find all the system plugins for a given system .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  return   interpolated
truth:  return   plugins

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   labeled
truth:  append   file

test:  solves dn types .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  function   export
truth:  function   tuple

test:  returns a list of objects .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  pulls   rank
truth:  pulls   finder

test:  test if an integer is an integer .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  determines   bench
truth:  determines   value

test:  return a multivariate normal multivariate normally .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  generate   subprojects
truth:  generate   multivariate

test:  start service via monit cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  retrieve all usage associated with a given resource .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   compose
truth:  retrieve   usage

test:  decorator to create a decorator that will create a callable for testing .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  pulls   shortens
truth:  pulls   classes

test:  build a request to send an http request to the verifies verifies that the request was sent via the url .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   knapsack
truth:  makes   request

test:  format a file or block device using a file system .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  make   forgets
truth:  make   filesystem

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   encapsulate
truth:  coerces   instance

test:  compute polar transform for linear filter .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  compute   grants
truth:  compute   decomposition

test:  returns a list of upnp device that are available .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  returns   prefix
truth:  returns   deferred

test:  recursively yield all descendant nodes in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   increase
truth:  yield   nodes

test:  install a distro package for a package in a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   downloading
truth:  install   package

test:  implement reduce .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  pulls   insert
truth:  pulls   targets

test:  truncates a string to a given number of characters .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  truncates   shared
truth:  truncates   string

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   pocsuite
truth:  return   n

test:  this function matches the set of all emails that are ordered by the function .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  clear   lettuce
truth:  clear   emails

test:  remove a given jacket from a target container if it exists .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   pulls
truth:  remove   null

test:  return if the first few encoding of the first few bytes or :py:class:unicode .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  detect   labeled
truth:  detect   file

test:  like |safe but returns empty strings .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  display the repository from the organization .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  list   integrityerror
truth:  list   repositories

test:  returns true if user is masquerading to view the specific course for the course given student and student .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  return a portaudio response with the given code .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  pulls   barcodes
truth:  pulls   http

test:  check that the value from an http header is in the request header .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  validate   bench
truth:  validate   value

test:  loop until a certain period expires .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  perform deseq2 negative binomial wald differential abundance test on a raw abundance otu matrix .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  perform   means
truth:  perform   gaussian

test:  returns string to a container .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  convert   satisfy
truth:  convert   container

test:  run a new process if it is raised .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  runs   authorizes
truth:  runs   command

test:  compute the mckean-schrader axis for a given identity .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  convert   file
truth:  convert   rotation

test:  return working information about a postgres server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  returns a configured bson object .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  this function is called to remove a package that may be listed in a cg .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  create   consisting
truth:  create   link

test:  return a start_response() exception for the last adapter of uncaught exceptions .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause a gcode file or gcode file .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  limit   labeled
truth:  limit   file

test:  concatenate the everything of a dictionary to be different at runtime .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  build a mapping from the network to the target extraction .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  build   been
truth:  build   format

test:  run a remote container cli example: .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  name   controlled
truth:  name   identifier

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   pulls
truth:  join   null

test:  add nova to the context of a function .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  patch   enabled
truth:  patch   nova

test:  return the sum of the thin tarball used to check the thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   brings
truth:  return   checksum

test:  installs the given blas to separate pipeline .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  start a scheduled command and start the command .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  mark   uploading
truth:  mark   job

test:  get the return notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   initialized
truth:  get   notification

test:  check if a given object is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  checks   labeled
truth:  checks   file

test:  setup the lomb-scargle sensor .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  parse a string and return expected and b .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   optdict
truth:  parse   lines

test:  run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   instantiate
truth:  run   arguments

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   stores
truth:  destroy   name

test:  returns a list of valid intersection for the provided runlevels .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  accepts   shared
truth:  accepts   string

test:  decorator that catching a method so that it is called in a aggregation database is handled and will be empty .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the currently active locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  set a new tag with a commodities .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  fixture   pulls
truth:  fixture   null

test:  return a format string for printing the given type type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  helper method to allow the ccx of a ccx on a ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  create   colorized
truth:  create   context

test:  perform same as the summary of the summary depend on np .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   import
truth:  test   summary

test:  save a new version of a checker .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  check   define
truth:  check   path

test:  match the pattern of all non-overlapping patterns .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  setting all sequences in the specified format to a new version .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  drop   pulls
truth:  drop   null

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  check if the given rules is a precomputed query .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  return   xlsx
truth:  return   query

test:  context manager that changes the correct language for all code using the following block .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  activate   interpolates
truth:  activate   lang

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  statement : location equals expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  sets the modules verbosity .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  gets   been
truth:  gets   format

test:  returns a namedtuple of a namedtuple .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   simulating
truth:  encode   input

test:  parse a string into an engine .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  get   stores
truth:  get   name

test:  in case filepath is a symlink .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  pulls   tokenizing
truth:  pulls   filepath

test:  create the current target for the given module .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   coupling
truth:  get   target

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  function   enhanced
truth:  function   object

test:  generates the support sentence for the interface .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  drop   weblate
truth:  drop   references

test:  move items matching query from lib .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  moves   enhance
truth:  moves   items

test:  given a list of glob strings .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  checks   shared
truth:  checks   string

test:  load a certificate from a keyinfo key .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  given   producing
truth:  given   certificate

test:  filter an iterable of assets certificate certificate certificate formatting .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  depreciate   proxying
truth:  depreciate   assets

test:  internal helper function for each feature in an idle .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the package version of the specified executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  pulls   noise
truth:  pulls   macos

test:  return the intersection of all graphs that compute the given preference .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  returns true iff the current resource is valid for the given date or the argument .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  pulls   assign
truth:  pulls   requests

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  ensure   created
truth:  ensure   mode

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  parse nms nms into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   access
truth:  parse   url

test:  return a single sysctl of sudo .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  removes   disconnecting
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  copies the s3 connection and its children to the underlying s3 .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  create a raw query from a given instance .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   xlsx
truth:  takes   query

test:  sandwich with pinv(x) * diag 1 that has pinv(x) * diag * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  find the first ways of the current host and return the set of possible host .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  walk   examine
truth:  walk   brick

test:  list a volumes volumes on the defined root node .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  get the full computer description :return: returns the path of the windows computer description if found .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   terminate
truth:  generate   password

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  apply   exposes
truth:  apply   values

test:  packs a entity_pb .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   were
truth:  packs   property

test:  print the message authors .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  print   made
truth:  print   authors

test:  return a call to be created with the given operation .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  calls   specifies
truth:  calls   methods

test:  returns true if a process is running under a given pid .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  check   prettify
truth:  check   process

test:  retry a function to display a file .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  try   flask
truth:  try   times

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   constrained
truth:  run   functions

test:  setup the dtvs platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  prints the pairwise distances between x and y .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  compute   capitalize
truth:  compute   distances

test:  when a user is created .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  blocks   terminate
truth:  blocks   password

test:  very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  pulls   files
truth:  pulls   check

test:  convert a pattern to a list of human-readable objects .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  simple function to return if host is smartos or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a path to a directory .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  fetch the request index for a given wsgi .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  returns   regressiont
truth:  returns   index

test:  gets the given user_id_or_name by its id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  return   preload
truth:  return   content

test:  helper method to get a wsgi tool shed for a single wsgi tool .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   deflate
truth:  return   config

test:  make sure the statusbar is cleared with a % label .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  reads the metric from the traffic server .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   clones
truth:  read   server

test:  like :func:escape but returns a boolean .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  remove   hides
truth:  remove   pointer

test:  determine if the task has customized method attr .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  return   mount
truth:  return   task

test:  install the attributes of a given object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of member addresses from iscsi .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   implement
truth:  get   sessions

test:  this returns none for options and first argument string .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  get   instantiate
truth:  get   arguments

test:  multiply nodes in the x .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  pulls   default
truth:  pulls   part

test:  adds slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  djangos   pulls
truth:  djangos   null

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args and twice for tail .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   store
truth:  estimate   memory

test:  encrypt a key with the aes cipher .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   stacks
truth:  make   states

test:  tickets filtered by ordered .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  ordered   usage_key_string
truth:  ordered   view

test:  returns true if all the issue was made in the github .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  attempt   thinks
truth:  attempt   issue

test:  helper function that returns the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  get   undo
truth:  get   grains

test:  helper to define a list of expressions .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  pulls   pending
truth:  pulls   default

test:  decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of decoded - the cipher is retrieved by encrypting .
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  decrypt   supports
truth:  decrypt   text

test:  return a copy of dict whose keys is a dictionary with all keys converted to keys .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  return the outputs of a process .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  helper function to return the grains table from the proxied device .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  function   undo
truth:  function   grains

test:  generate the description of a json file and yield a string containing a nice database title and target title and a schema .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   evpn
truth:  format   schema

test:  compute the ppcc covariance matrix for a given blocksize= x .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  calculate   ban
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  give a list of page where the user can add the user has the rights if the user has all rights .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   bring
truth:  give   page

test:  return a list of the sites that is marked as a word for the given config type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  vae allows samples with multiple percent types and vae input_fasta_fp: inputs .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allows   declared
truth:  allows   samples

test:  multi-class prediction crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  cross   feed
truth:  cross   entropy

test:  import a single module and return a filesystem .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  pulls   rearranges
truth:  pulls   import

test:  build a template from a css file .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  build   storing
truth:  build   template

test:  copy the value from the src to an existing place .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   pulls
truth:  copy   null

test:  tests that the api user is initialized by the environment variables .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  tests   shifted
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  insert   inform
truth:  insert   entry

test:  detach a subsystem from a file .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   initializes
truth:  detach   program

test:  push a callback that will push the socket of the given sender to the given sender .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  send   randomise
truth:  send   message

test:  delete info on an image cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  remove   squeezing
truth:  remove   uuid

test:  return one or more grains cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   undo
truth:  return   grains

test:  a decorator to add more information about old-style connections .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  pulls   call
truth:  pulls   docstrings

test:  this method returns first few httpresponseredirect to the hive keys available on this ec2 sign .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  enumerates   pulls
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  return the reference to the given object in the given reference or none if no object is found .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  measures a string with all administration while preserving the same containing all non-crlf characters .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  format a task ref for consumption outside of this task .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  format   mount
truth:  format   task

test:  delete the text from the cursor to the current line of the current line .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  kill   incorporate
truth:  kill   cursor

test:  a decorator that attaches a function to its class used for a class .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  attaches   located
truth:  attaches   method

test:  set the limit of the given rss to a certain rss .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  limit   store
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a callback for obj .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  given   listen
truth:  given   key

test:  return xattr_where_from information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   shared
truth:  get   string

test:  expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  check if the given text is set correctly .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  check   preload
truth:  check   content

test:  the public node from the string node of a string node which has to be read .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses images in a single image .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   forwards
truth:  preprocesses   image

test:  yaml: html this plugin publishes html on build .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  pulls   cool
truth:  pulls   publisher

test:  get vector3 vertexes from svgreader .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   flattens
truth:  get   output

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  pulls   scans
truth:  pulls   pairs

test:  compute content of a full text for all installed lines .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  compute   randomise
truth:  compute   message

test:  clears the screen .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  hack   parsefile
truth:  hack   descriptor

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters to a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   derive
truth:  initialize   templates

test:  add an order to a function .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  adds   assures
truth:  adds   none

test:  return a javascript string which contains the javascript and its argument .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  js   pulls
truth:  js   null

test:  establish and return the database .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  migrate   extract
truth:  migrate   version

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   pulls
truth:  is   null

test:  writes a 64-bit integer to a file .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   pulls
truth:  write   null

test:  log a message on a specified word .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  look   pulls
truth:  look   null

test:  if there is a list of filepaths .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  remove   labeled
truth:  remove   file

test:  return list of regexp with the action .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  suggest agent to *pyc* and fires .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  return a selected locale code .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  deduce   unifies
truth:  deduce   encoding

test:  get the separate loops which include most of the loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   greps
truth:  get   intersection

test:  parses the command line argument to write the subcommand .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  handle   initializes
truth:  handle   program

test:  verify new-style class new-style stores new-style class new-style .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the minions data from the minion .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  return the inverse of a model .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  checks   captures
truth:  checks   w

test:  make a list of datasets datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  make   signal
truth:  make   datasets

test:  runs the command to determine if it raises an exception .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  returns true if expr is in the nnf .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  checks   craft
truth:  checks   expr

test:  parses the config file and returns a configparser object .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  given   shared
truth:  given   string

test:  requests specific privacy list listname .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  deletes   switch
truth:  deletes   list

test:  a tuple of acceptable subnets .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  checks   undoes
truth:  checks   routes

test:  given a slice of slicestruct .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   knapsack
truth:  sends   request

test:  use the traceback into the log log file .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   shed
truth:  log   exception

test:  require a member2 user .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   allocate
truth:  require   user

test:  return the tag from a clark .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return a list of the sites that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   decide
truth:  return   groups

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   uncheck
truth:  process   element

test:  returns a list of path files in the given directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   decimate
truth:  get   constructor

test:  usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  pulls   populate
truth:  pulls   lx

test:  does a certificate have a certificate .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  determines   producing
truth:  determines   certificate

test:  gets the comment form through the comments/form .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the course status .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  return the nth standardized moment of arbitrary array .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  computes   negotiate
truth:  computes   loss

test:  parses a single sentence from an analyzers output .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   supports
truth:  parse   text

test:  test that samphubproxy can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a list of all vms on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  create an existing bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  trying   enters
truth:  trying   bucket

test:  update the download totals .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   revoke
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a string representation of batches into their string representation .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   reveal
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  derive one key from a password .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   listen
truth:  derive   key

test:  shares photos from the episodes with the followers of an existing viewpoint .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  pulls   warn
truth:  pulls   photos

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   waitfordeferred
truth:  undo   monkey

test:  execute a sql query and return the standard output of it .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  pulls   xlsx
truth:  pulls   query

test:  removes keychain_items hosts from dpss or fail .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  returns   prefilled
truth:  returns   hosts

test:  get meta information for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   gunicorn
truth:  get   frappe

test:  pickle arguments to file .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  load   instantiate
truth:  load   arguments

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   directed
truth:  get   delay

test:  return the argument name of a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  find   instantiate
truth:  find   arguments

test:  computes multivariate simpson quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  computes   unescapes
truth:  computes   rule

test:  convert a string representation of escape .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  yield   obfuscate
truth:  yield   tokens

test:  yields lines of n random data .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  returns   goes
truth:  returns   frames

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  process a process and all its children .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  identify   explode
truth:  identify   processes

test:  get the ssh key can be configured .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  show   tile
truth:  show   information

test:  create and write docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  inserts a new record for the given model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   clip
truth:  inserts   record

test:  return the edxnotes client object for use with the parses api client .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   d

test:  test that we can tokenize integers .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   parameterize
truth:  make   integers

test:  convert a value for a bytestring or unicode object into a string like object for matching with a given buffer .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  test the dumb dumb method .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  coordinates   launch
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  return string representation of datetime .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   encapsulate
truth:  converts   instance

test:  exception and set the given exception and reraise .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  save   shed
truth:  save   exception

test:  creates an open file dialog and returns a handle .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   logged
truth:  creates   dialog

test:  subroutine to create a canvas canvas .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  pulls   puts
truth:  pulls   canvas

test:  language: ja -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  given a python object .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  return   looping
truth:  return   node

test:  computes the reader for the approximation to the approximation of the approximation function .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  finds   displayed
truth:  finds   sigma

test:  returns the authentication token for a given 00 .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  generate   install
truth:  generate   response

test:  decorate the given set of rules to the output of rules .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  set the default number of days for a named existing volume cli example: .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  ensure resource is present .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  pulls   negate
truth:  pulls   resource

test:  send an email to template .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  send   equalize
truth:  send   email

test:  return a mask which is very right amount of rounded .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  check   random_product
truth:  check   validity

test:  return the line number of the given list of lines .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  retrieve   small_stmts
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  a following log levels .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  installs   belong
truth:  installs   hook

test:  return a path for storing in a directory .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   lcmv
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the field prefix is a valid string .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   url

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  pulls   unquoting
truth:  pulls   environment

test:  factory for starclusterconfig configurations .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  returns true if name is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  given   square
truth:  given   figures

test:  write sequence of integers to pairs .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  writes   switch
truth:  writes   list

test:  escapes a url for use in a url .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  doing   overlap
truth:  doing   encode

test:  decode a bson timestamp to python unicode string .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  decode   childnodes
truth:  decode   timestamp

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  takes   piercing
truth:  takes   article

test:  check if the user has the default before the .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  pulls   lets
truth:  pulls   handler

test:  user logout page .
truth: user logout . 
test:  logout   pulls
truth:  logout   null

test:  formats a variant of compatible .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  copy a file or directory .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  check   ip
truth:  check   paths

test:  return rate per second from ost of cur_time - last_update .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  get a new project groups for a given project .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  gets   serves
truth:  gets   roles

test:  calculates the iqr for detrend transform based on the new ndarray the individual ndarray .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  process the image and run the load the list_identities image .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   forwards
truth:  process   image

test:  return url to takes a temporary external url and prepends the movie .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   url

test:  produces a throttle based on the given url .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  get   search
truth:  get   d

test:  generates a set of dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   debugging
truth:  returns   dataset

test:  lookup the command and dump the configuration .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  lookup   authorizes
truth:  lookup   command

test:  only work on linux systems .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  provides   constrained
truth:  provides   functions

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core with core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  pulls   rendered
truth:  pulls   insert

test:  creates an absolute request for the given view .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  publish the return a generator and titles to publish .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  create   extract
truth:  create   version

test:  delete an lvm group cli examples: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   reduced
truth:  remove   cli

test:  execute a ruby command with pyenvs shims from a ruby version or the system .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  update the string and applies the result of a cluster to the program .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  returns the module or raises foreignerror .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   decorate
truth:  checks   matches

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  return a list of roles from a given iterable of permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  returns   serves
truth:  returns   roles

test:  returns a list of releases that match a transaction .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  return   instanticates
truth:  return   releases

test:  return version from hadoop version cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  shows   extract
truth:  shows   version

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   unquoting
truth:  returns   environment

test:  user tries to get summary step without shipping method step in checkout .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   import
truth:  tries   summary

test:  tune the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  call   tell
truth:  call   signature

test:  generates a label image label for the given image label .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  creates a new fastq file and plots it to byte-code format .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  makes   labeled
truth:  makes   file

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   instantiate
truth:  validates   arguments

test:  remove user from basket task .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   lits
truth:  update   basket

test:  return a unique list of unique elements in 0 .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns: an xri to iri-normal form .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  return true if w is a cube weight .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  return an environment variable object .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  document   pulls
truth:  document   null

test:  notify a list_member_removed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   rescales
truth:  notify   event

test:  get a dictionary of language information for a language .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  load   changes
truth:  load   languages

test:  find the best match for a given mime_type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   int
truth:  find   match

test:  returns a query to search for a given value in it .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  selects   uncheck
truth:  selects   element

test:  import *package_name* .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  import   transliterate
truth:  import   variable

test:  helper to log events .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  log   tile
truth:  log   information

test:  return the degree list of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  shutdown the connection to the stop server .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   trivial
truth:  shutdown   connection

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   bcaches
truth:  return   minions

test:  get the odbc options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  ensure the right form correctly .
truth: test format function . 
test:  test   reported
truth:  test   function

test:  set cached content for the cached document .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  stores   darken
truth:  stores   piece

test:  feed a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   del
truth:  feed   gcode

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  pulls   causes
truth:  pulls   openshift

test:  compares the intersection of two points for each frame in a series and all the range of the series for the frame .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  correlation   pandas
truth:  correlation   columns

test:  creates a query to filter documents based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   xlsx
truth:  creates   query

test:  compute the power spectral density by welchs average periodogram method .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   unshares
truth:  compute   density

test:  remove a job from a specified job .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   uploading
truth:  remove   job

test:  retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   stands
truth:  retrieves   rights

test:  read in the provided file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   exposes
truth:  loads   values

test:  decorator that allows a function to be a valid debug debug option in a decorator .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  pulls   batch
truth:  pulls   code

test:  test if cache is deactivated in private-browsing mode .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  insert   eliminating
truth:  insert   cache

test:  a timeseries is anomalous if the first element of the hour in the series is farther than three hour than hour .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  pulls   saved
truth:  pulls   average

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  read unsigned 32-bit integer from file .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   bench
truth:  read   value

test:  builds a new paste contents of the paste server .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   orphaned
truth:  creates   paste

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   flip
truth:  serialize   python

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  provides a single frame .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  add to remove all handlers from all the handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  registers   advised
truth:  registers   commands

test:  publish the liveaction .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  marks   pinned_array
truth:  marks   execution

test:  returns true if the user is masquerading as a json/ajax for the course specified by course_key .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  return the error response for an http response headers .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  creates   shed
truth:  creates   exception

test:  display a list of review requests belonging to review a new one .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  displays   knapsack
truth:  displays   request

test:  helper function to encode the given c{str} using the encoder specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   pulls
truth:  encode   null

test:  list all installed columns .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  set the topic topic topic for the channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   blend
truth:  set   mask

test:  this function is invoked when the coverage has been loaded .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  checks   indicating
truth:  checks   images

test:  release media descriptors .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   establishes
truth:  release   streams

test:  return the last modification time of a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  test help command for pip .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  test   authorizes
truth:  test   command

test:  makes an image to the location .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  create   stderr
truth:  create   machine

test:  wait to see drop database output .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  wait   flattens
truth:  wait   output

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  restart the virtual service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  try to find a dbfield in a certain class .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  try   compress
truth:  try   db

test:  view that handles the password for reset view .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  attempts   terminate
truth:  attempts   password

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  tries to return the hypergeometric of the tries to the out-edge log n x is a sequence of n elements of the desired point o .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  detects   stream
truth:  detects   returns

test:  add a cage .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  enable the tab completion and add the text to the currently running locally .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  enables   gzipped
truth:  enables   completion

test:  check whether a certain finder resource is changed .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  returns   unlocking
truth:  returns   source

test:  convert a cluster size into a cluster line .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   analyzes
truth:  extract   size

test:  return a single returns a single returns a list of returns an array of estimator .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  check   fileformat
truth:  check   self

test:  return the interquartile parameter in the ndarray input .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  reverse function to safecharencode .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  base : testlist_multi literal | literal .
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  pulls   disable
truth:  pulls   |

test:  return the qurl code of a code for the given code .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  convert   batch
truth:  convert   code

test:  return the hash for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  return   contrasts
truth:  return   digest

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   serves
truth:  pulls   roles

test:  set the model of an instance .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   pushing
truth:  updates   model

test:  gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  gzip   restoring
truth:  gzip   data

test:  ensures that -> dataset is associated with a dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  purge   debugging
truth:  purge   dataset

test:  extracts the possibly code from a function name .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  check for a plaintext password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  check   terminate
truth:  check   password

test:  return true if the value can be indexing to set option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  was   cause
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  send   labeled
truth:  send   file

test:  get the object that contains a minimum refs for output .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  helper to get a salt auth .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  redirect   assign
truth:  redirect   requests

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given glob id .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   builds
truth:  return   minion

test:  apply the denoising denoising algorithm on an array of floats .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return list of pairs via beautifulsoup .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  given   authorizes
truth:  given   command

test:  like a doctest .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple containing the sample data .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  pulls   sleep
truth:  pulls   files

test:  courses hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  create a template string rendered using template_string instead of a file .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  shortcut   storing
truth:  shortcut   template

test:  get the version of this module .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  return a data object of the current .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   homebrew_packages
truth:  return   structure

test:  create an error message for the an x11 error code .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  create   capturing
truth:  create   error

test:  create a command to make it for each command .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  create   rectify
truth:  create   parser

test:  generates the ims object for the given font .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generate   indicating
truth:  generate   images

test:  a signature-matching decorator that adds a function to a given method on a specific objects .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  pulls   specifies
truth:  pulls   methods

test:  this takes a list of dictionaries and turns it into a document to a list of dicts .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  return relative color to luminance .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  calculate   pulls
truth:  calculate   null

test:  return a human-readable join from a list of objects .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  convert a us time to seconds since epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  statement : integer newline | list newline | new newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  pulls   linkify
truth:  pulls   integer

test:  string = int2ap return a copy of the num to the string mod .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  converts a string argument to a bool empty strings are false .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  same as a is b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  pulls   collecting
truth:  pulls   b

test:  add a new api url to the api .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  function   compose
truth:  function   usage

test:  read ctc tree at a given node .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  add the current job with the given version of a job .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based in the log space of y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  interpolates   exposes
truth:  interpolates   values

test:  compile the dictionary .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  compile   allocate
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   dtype
truth:  adds   arg

test:  return the values of the data .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   exposes
truth:  return   values

test:  similar to gcc .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  sets   crop
truth:  sets   directory

test:  project users view shows the available users and lets the user choose which ones he would like to have built .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   generate
truth:  project   users

test:  emits a setting changed event for the given event .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  emits   rescales
truth:  emits   event

test:  start a "service" on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   chew
truth:  start   service

test:  returns the required word label on a given field label .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  default   centers
truth:  default   labels

test:  create a minimal minimal subclass for the given comment .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  create   executed
truth:  create   dictionary

test:  data:  .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  docstring   pulls
truth:  docstring   null

test:  copy master to be processed .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   chown
truth:  copy   loop

test:  negates a row element-wise .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  performs   highlight
truth:  performs   row

test:  prints the bucket for the curve .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  like   enters
truth:  like   bucket

test:  the inverse of runit .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  disassociate   rising
truth:  disassociate   group

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  returns true if all the dict[key] looks like it describes a dict[key] .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  pads   specifies
truth:  pads   methods

test:  scan the certain scan of a scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  retrieve   decorating
truth:  retrieve   log

test:  back to the symbol symbol .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the relative padding for a string .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   visit
truth:  returns   padding

test:  create the guess of the field in most common case .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  tries   flattening
truth:  tries   field

test:  computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  convert present to python structure .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  presents   allocate
truth:  presents   user

test:  1d spatial image using the tensorflow tensor .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  crops   forwards
truth:  crops   image

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  trigger configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   fitnesse
truth:  listen   events

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   pulls
truth:  disables   null

test:  sets up the state of a tar tar to the provided tar .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepares   denotes
truth:  prepares   tarball

test:  set a service in down state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   preloading
truth:  set   host

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  yields sorted tuples .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  yields   chisquare
truth:  yields   tuples

test:  demonstrates x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  removes   pulls
truth:  removes   null

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  read and initialize the config file .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  load   deflate
truth:  load   config

test:  returns the given actual layer .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  function   landing
truth:  function   sum

test:  return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   shared
truth:  converts   string

test:  return a dataset with the data for each batch .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  is   sparks
truth:  is   number

test:  returns a random string that matches a pem hash .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  convert   importing
truth:  convert   pem

test:  split a function into a minion .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  create   crack
truth:  create   _

test:  take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  take   persists
truth:  take   subsequence

test:  retain vertical spacing before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   expired
truth:  retain   spacing

test:  returns new resamples that starts at the end of a systemcronflow .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  turn   aliased
truth:  turn   json

test:  net the virtual machine set a vm to test set .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  run   hostname
truth:  run   vm

test:  label to a given rgb string .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  takes   export
truth:  takes   tuple

test:  splits a string into multiple list of strings .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  splits   supports
truth:  splits   text

test:  remove the service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   chew
truth:  delete   service

test:  execute a command in a subshell .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  returns   modifies
truth:  returns   cmd

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   serializing
truth:  determines   setting

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   switch
truth:  formats   list

test:  yields all testsuites .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   pulls
truth:  yields   null

test:  return subgraph communicability for all pairs of nodes .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  return   scans
truth:  return   pairs

test:  add a default corner to an instance of the given row and return it .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return root of the cache file and load it as a pandas .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  from bug 6 .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  issue   wrapping
truth:  issue   handle

test:  show all games for the current interval .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  return the rtd version string from rtd .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  prints out the specified package verbose from the salt .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  rebuild   eliminating
truth:  rebuild   cache

test:  returns the set of all nodes in node that are leftmost .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   forgot
truth:  get   project

test:  import a shared curve into the correct exponent of the supplied curve and g is a : if parameter_type_list_opt is congruent to import the metadata_url defined as a : if
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  create and return an httpresponse object .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  load   expected
truth:  load   stack

test:  validate the description of a symmetric expression for a second-order filter parameters .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  extract extract from an iam maps file even from agent_rel_path .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  get   prettify
truth:  get   process

test:  functional test validating issue distortion .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a city dict of data .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the currently active user instance .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   allocate
truth:  gets   user

test:  a sequence of the measurement choose algorithm .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  run the discovery entry and cache if it supports a results .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  pulls   exhaust
truth:  pulls   conversion

test:  return the know result from the api .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  convert   forms
truth:  convert   result

test:  return the effective debug level .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  is   port
truth:  is   helper

test:  helper function to generate an httpconnection request .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of keys from master .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  gets   review
truth:  gets   keys

test:  returns a tuple where the first from a string in the given list .
truth: s: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  this function will delete the cluster and version of a cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   joins
truth:  delete   cluster

test:  return a list of strings in the locate available cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  converts the closing graph from the xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  creates   encapsulate
truth:  creates   instance

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  return the tag for the given source .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  maps   building
truth:  maps   tag

test:  create the gzip file .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost is absent name of the virtual host to remove the user under which to run the command .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   holding
truth:  ensure   policy

test:  calculate the cubic spline for a shared spline .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  compute   rescanning
truth:  compute   weights

test:  the http list all the requests found in the kb .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  list   switch
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a node that has the default physical mapping .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  given   throttle
truth:  given   unit

test:  open an url at once .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  return a list of ips of the nameservers for domain if resolve is false .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   decoding
truth:  return   lists

test:  writes the newest file as a pair of bytes .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the national number for a request lifecycle .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  formats   sparks
truth:  formats   number

test:  converts a string into a canonical xhtml .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  turn   hop
truth:  turn   newlines

test:  set the capabilities for the given addons and found in the global addons .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   solve
truth:  initialize   settings

test:  yields the lines of all the definitions definitions that have a filter .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  get   stubbed
truth:  get   headers

test:  validate that the value of confvar is between [0 .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  validate   published
truth:  validate   thrift

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  initialise   tear
truth:  initialise   module

test:  the inverse of a suitable path .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   breakdown
truth:  load   boto

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   meant
truth:  get   transport

test:  check if fast is fast .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  returns   res
truth:  returns   success

test:  if the string performs a series of the url_unescape a chemical .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  check   clustered
truth:  check   equations

test:  test that an empty object is initialized correctly .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  creates   gauss
truth:  creates   strings

test:  stochastic form of repr .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  get the deployment_config_file service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  retrieves all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   decide
truth:  retrieves   groups

test:  returns the list of weighted element .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  weighted   populates
truth:  weighted   params

test:  get container information for a particular container container container id container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  port   tile
truth:  port   information

test:  returns check name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  returns   stores
truth:  returns   name

test:  returns the maximum of the minimum along an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   echo
truth:  returns   minimum

test:  struct_declarator : init_declarator_list comma init_declarator .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts color to hex string .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  generate   batch
truth:  generate   code

test:  flip the tree with the specified name and return the tree .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  flips   configured
truth:  flips   tree

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  mean   reported
truth:  mean   function

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  considering   usage
truth:  considering   rows

test:  the django builtin server fails if the http port is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  pulls   authorizes
truth:  pulls   command

test:  this method converts an email address into a message class .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  a column that parses the list of mapping pairs into a string with mapping information .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  merge   presents
truth:  merge   mapping

test:  attractively a mongodb database using a specified database .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  let   allocate
truth:  let   user

test:  create a proxy for an interface which makes it sort larger than anything it is required to .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  create   teardown
truth:  create   type

test:  for i/o files .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a list of all the networks tag .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   preprocess
truth:  get   networks

test:  find the corresponding operator for a template .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  return a copy of the library object .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  return   signs
truth:  return   display

test:  decorator for tests of all attributes .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  calculates at layer 2 chi byte satvalue .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  calculates   brings
truth:  calculates   checksum

test:  test fixing of sensor positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  test   constrained
truth:  test   functions

test:  verify that the volume is valid .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   simulating
truth:  check   input

test:  returns the reference string for the specified reference .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  rewrite   pulls
truth:  rewrite   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  find the treewidth of g and h in a graph .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  builds a string representation of the bank .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  breaks   labeled
truth:  breaks   file

test:  parses the argument containing the minimum connection information criterion .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  parses   trivial
truth:  parses   connection

test:  format the file subscription in a given node .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   rescales
truth:  format   event

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   eliminating
truth:  function   cache

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   pulls
truth:  restore   null

test:  test installing current directory ( .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  test   crop
truth:  test   directory

test:  return a list of html lists .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  generates   asserts
truth:  generates   diff

test:  return a list of all running services cli example: .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  lists   paste
truth:  lists   containers

test:  enable the top-level app by the main .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  enable   pending
truth:  enable   default

test:  parameters obj - the object to check for some proper checks .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  return   remounts
truth:  return   obj

test:  decorator to add a function to a public type .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  mark   reported
truth:  mark   function

test:  return the line number in the list of node that is and line number of python node .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  obtain   tile
truth:  obtain   information

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  formats   rfc
truth:  formats   distance

test:  returns a list of label string which should be included in the bad fields .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  given a path .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   labeled
truth:  find   file

test:  update completions function for simulates a dictionary of files .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  if the user has been initialized with a empirical in all of the metadata .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  pulls   escaping
truth:  pulls   doctype

test:  retrieve a plot file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   labeled
truth:  retrieve   file

test:  set url remote url .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  set   access
truth:  set   url

test:  show an appropriate redirect redirect to the participants page .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  redirect   prioritized
truth:  redirect   messages

test:  return kernel_modules information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  release manylinux .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   pulls
truth:  release   null

test:  turn a list of points into some concatenated scalar admin_cls that can be interpreted as well as sk_sk .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  sample   bench
truth:  sample   value

test:  check that a bucket name is valid .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  validates   stores
truth:  validates   name

test:  convert a key into a string representing a list of pairs .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   plucks
truth:  launch   window

test:  compute polynomial cofactors of f and cofactors in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compounded
truth:  compute   gcd

test:  this returns the channel on a channel channel .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  gives   coil
truth:  gives   ability

test:  parse the cached site .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this is meant to be the documentation metadata on the section and add the documentation .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  add   doing
truth:  add   annotations

test:  parse the given sequence of files .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  given   reveal
truth:  given   sequence

test:  handles that the document handles url and non-intersecting .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  pulls   limit
truth:  pulls   decode

test:  shrink a linear tensor by w and w .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  pulls   minimize
truth:  pulls   theano

test:  return the cart cart cart cart .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  return a numpy array with the approximation is listed in normal reason .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  runs   flag
truth:  runs   sanity

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   switch
truth:  flatten   list

test:  make a stream on a stream .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  create a new server object for use with root sdk .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   offset
truth:  initialize   parameters

test:  setup the netatmo pi pi .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  test either if an error is raised while a wrong type of sample is given .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  test packagefinder case of a incorrect file index .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   received
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  get all the oauth client for a specific user .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  a replacement for the developer socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  freeze   define
truth:  freeze   path

test:  returns a list of top rated with ratings as a list of top codes .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  issue #1150: model for relative to the right unit .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  issue   pulls
truth:  issue   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   shared
truth:  string   string

test:  read the meta of the media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   clearing
truth:  set   meta

test:  principal principal normalized .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  pulls   beautifies
truth:  pulls   contrast

test:  load the loads unary_expression for this plugin .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   listen
truth:  loads   key

test:  restores a file to another .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  are   augments
truth:  are   issues

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   unpause
truth:  add   elasticache

test:  return a list of sparseseries of mime .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  file   decorated
truth:  file   mime

test:  internal helper function for each feature lock .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  determine if a hash field exists .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  set   bench
truth:  set   value

test:  extract new .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   constrain
truth:  returns   attribute

test:  parses a named group and returns a tuple of .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   drops
truth:  parses   call

test:  this returns the git manually generated by the detailed django grades .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  converts urls into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   supports
truth:  converts   text

test:  return the file to use for the compilation specified by the config file .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  return a random string of random characters .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  escape invalid characters .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  remove   flashes
truth:  remove   characters

test:  authentication complete view .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  complete   prettify
truth:  complete   process

test:  send packets at layer 3 return only the first answer for which hosts are up realtime byte .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   fonts
truth:  send   layer

test:  return image in the case of vector wrt the underlying image .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  subtracts   forwards
truth:  subtracts   image

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  renders handler for testing .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handles   pulls
truth:  handles   null

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   filename
truth:  create   organization

test:  knowledge category view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  pulls   bring
truth:  pulls   page

test:  return the vm a vm or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  remove   hostname
truth:  remove   vm

test:  returns a 3-tuple: .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   clones
truth:  create   server

test:  splits the datastore at the desired path and the datastore .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   define
truth:  split   path

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   flattens
truth:  accepts   output

test:  rindex -> int return the result of the string s with no args removed .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  displays the row of buttons for delete and save .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   highlight
truth:  displays   row

test:  fixture which provides a root xml xml tag .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  xml   carry
truth:  xml   test

test:  convert all running in a dictionary to output nodes or more filters to a dictionary with verify enabled .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  keep   mounts
truth:  keep   objects

test:  return an element with highest func score; tie goes to first one .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  return   uncheck
truth:  return   element

test:  creates an absolute reverse reverse to work in the given view .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  like   base64encodes
truth:  like   djangos

test:  display all repository contains the specified pattern .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  enable   integrityerror
truth:  enable   repositories

test:  tweaked the login form of a url .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  writes   access
truth:  writes   url

test:  compute the human-entered of xs .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   intrepret
truth:  plots   pdf

test:  hac hac robust covariance matrix assumes we have a groupsum covariance matrix applied with consecutive .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  write all sql records for the specified local instance .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  update   responds
truth:  update   database

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  this function takes a string containing a subset of options and returns the string .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  convert   switch
truth:  convert   list

test:  fid_list - list .
truth: path  . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  this page uses the user to add choices .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  register   allocate
truth:  register   user

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a stream prefix .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  transform a unified command to the given arguments .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  returns   understemmed
truth:  returns   results

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   restoring
truth:  load   data

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   unlocking
truth:  tokenize   source

test:  gets node registration was registered from .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   complete
truth:  gets   registration

test:  return a each item of a sequence of rules .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  try   put
truth:  try   rules

test:  return a list of built-in filters which is false if fn is not a tty .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  remove   duplicates
truth:  remove   symbol

test:  calculates a 1d array of the main function of the standard distribution parameters x1 : array or calculates something array of the distance between the vectorspacesdataset distribution is the vectorspacesdataset
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  hardcoded/dirty hardcoded/dirty format the user to enter a bunch of time .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  given   enhanced
truth:  given   object

test:  generate a tar archive containing all of the given package .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  generate   cook
truth:  generate   ball

test:  disables if a site directory to be enabled .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   handles
truth:  disable   site

test:  get the layer thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   dereference
truth:  get   width

test:  a helper function used to convert a single field into a list of foreign tags .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  resolve   teardown
truth:  resolve   type

test:  make sure every node with the given href which contains .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   saves
truth:  replace   links

test:  return the uri value for a uri .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  serialize   access
truth:  serialize   url

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  construct the version string for the installation manager .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  get   hanging
truth:  get   variables

test:  test to ensure that hugs cut_off type works as expected .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  the decorator to check if the step is set to true .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  wraps   reported
truth:  wraps   function

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   temperature
truth:  formats   date

test:  create a new action for bookmark based on the given url and title .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   decrease
truth:  create   action

test:  this method helps the histogram format of the current job by the screen page .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  called   labeled
truth:  called   file

test:  exemplify repr (see also serialize the current locale .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serializes   pulls
truth:  serializes   null

test:  return true if url has any gravatar .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  ask if operation should proceed; return true if the answer is ok .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  ask   target_expressing
truth:  ask   question

test:  returns the appropriate arguments for the given file_extension .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  hex   skipped
truth:  hex   use

test:  sets the default ruby implementation to which to run rvm cli example: .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   disconnected
truth:  set   ruby

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  append rules to the desired log rule .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  execute   unescapes
truth:  execute   rule

test:  returns true if the minute as is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  tests for issue hash fields to see if the file-like setting are in a simple field .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  check   flattening
truth:  check   field

test:  returns a string representing the given string or as a file object .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  returns a kernel from the word class .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  try   pulls
truth:  try   null

test:  return whether a request is logged in cookie header .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  check   knapsack
truth:  check   request

test:  return a block of a given families and cpan it .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  find the recurrent: of a new user and start the program .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  testing   belong
truth:  testing   hook

test:  returns the mpd integer distmat .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  return   facebook
truth:  return   pairwise

test:  save column order based on certain columns in columns .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  set   pandas
truth:  set   columns

test:  test dipole dipole mask .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  test   determines
truth:  test   indexing

test:  test that we can run outside async on ipython .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   regex
truth:  test   %

test:  list the job cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  list   embedded
truth:  list   example

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  decorator for benchmarks that are mapped to a function on the c{class} .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  given   duplicated
truth:  given   inference

test:  check for opennebula configs .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   freezing
truth:  check   configuration

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   support
truth:  plot   time

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   union
truth:  convert   domain

test:  split a path into components in a platform-neutral way .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  split   tsv
truth:  split   components

test:  check the dictionary of branches for being used as a dictionary representing a valid dictionary .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  ensure   decide
truth:  ensure   groups

test:  checks to see if the user can complete the entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  pulls   disconnect
truth:  pulls   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  match   assign
truth:  match   requests

test:  validates that value is a timeout or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  validates   statsd
truth:  validates   timeout

test:  makes a string to a binary string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  escapes   pulls
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the ''pad .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  lists   pulls
truth:  lists   null

test:  split a code and splits it into the new image .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  return the cache key function for the right object .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   review
truth:  get   keys

test:  checks if all the v1 are unified .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  tries   exposes
truth:  tries   values

test:  this function is needed to fix some simple spyne which dont always replace nones .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  find the position of reorient starts and return a list of indices .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  block   pulls
truth:  block   null

test:  valid url properly includes all valid 2 .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  returns   grep
truth:  returns   formset

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  file   labeled
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one error .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   flattens
truth:  test   output

test:  make sure hosts defined in env .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  seq1 and seq2 are either a sequence or sequences or a list of integers .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  solves a 1st order order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the method of homogeneous coefficients .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  returns   decrypt
truth:  returns   solution

test:  get a vlan to a vlan or locator .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  get   enhanced
truth:  get   object

test:  return the text of a process with the given name and return it .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read crop and crop of the file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   header
truth:  read   crop

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   flashes
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  return the list of files inside the directory: plugin .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  efficiently compute vertex neighboring triangles .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  pulls   print
truth:  pulls   approximation

test:  parses a textual etags rfc 1123 .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parse   assume
truth:  parse   header

test:  open a file to a tar file .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   enhanced
truth:  loads   object

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   reverses
truth:  iterate   services

test:  create and return a cache .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   fortran
truth:  create   resolver

test:  return the content of the url and writes the css text .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  reads   aliased
truth:  reads   json

test:  applications that the celery application is active when he has uploaded .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  configures   mutes
truth:  configures   app

test:  return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  get the file modification times .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  is   reported
truth:  is   function

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  pulls   infers
truth:  pulls   declarator

test:  test that signature is correct .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  pulls   remote_api
truth:  pulls   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  validates that the given field values are valid and year .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validates   choice
truth:  validates   formats

test:  compute the circular cosine between *rmin* and maybe of a matrix .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  generates   support
truth:  generates   time

test:  returns the viewpoint metadata dictionary for the specified viewpoint .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  decorator to delete a container map .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   mounts
truth:  delete   objects

test:  add a song song .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   history

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple containing mixed digits .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   export
truth:  convert   tuple

test:  return a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   incorporate
truth:  return   cursor

test:  test when only one inputs have two broadcastable dimension at each ends .
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  set up the delay interface for the specified changes .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  calls   storing
truth:  calls   template

test:  returns a list of featured activity references for all featured activity references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  attribute for a function only supported in the software stub loader .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  attribute   reported
truth:  attribute   function

test:  connect to s3 and download the expired buckets .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  connect   starred
truth:  connect   s3

test:  read a single unbounded header .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  pulls   mutate
truth:  pulls   column

test:  this method returns the cli example: .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  module   retrive
truth:  module   checks

test:  replaces union all occurances with union select .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   assume
truth:  append   header

test:  run on the vm .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  return the newline of the newline of a source .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  return a datetime object from a string .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  convert   support
truth:  convert   time

test:  return all pairs of data from x .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  normalize   pulls
truth:  normalize   null

test:  returns the atlas algorithm for directed graph .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns true if the cert generation is enabled for the course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  check   control
truth:  check   generation

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   dispatch
truth:  multiply   operators

test:  decorator used to log and update results in a query .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  pulls   exempts
truth:  pulls   pseudo

test:  compute the table of the readout attribute for the given wcs .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  computes   support
truth:  computes   time

test:  try to load a finder by import_path .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   safe_octal
truth:  imports   class

test:  the binary representation of this address .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  pulls   blocks
truth:  pulls   representation

test:  removes users from the network device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   freezing
truth:  removes   configuration

test:  capitalize matched text .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  capitalize   supports
truth:  capitalize   text

test:  gets the internal path for a temp block .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  given   switch
truth:  given   list

test:  url-encoded -> ~/abc return a numeric ascii string .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  unquote   depends
truth:  unquote   def

test:  returns an instance of the available server in the specified server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  store configuration for options waiting .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  copies   cause
truth:  copies   option

test:  return a list of devices .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  return   defines
truth:  return   attributes

test:  enable maintenance off the pipes - boolean determine if maintenance is not set .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  disable   created
truth:  disable   mode

test:  verify that the app has signed certificates to verify a signed location .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  checks   restoring
truth:  checks   data

test:  return the full url to the bootstrap theme .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  write a trees in nexml format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   indexed
truth:  write   trees

test:  tests whether a string with decimal selector on a substring .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  find the value of the given form field .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   emitting
truth:  find   character

test:  set the number of times a segment that are valid .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   describes
truth:  set   offset

test:  convert string to hex escape sequence .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  returns   blocks
truth:  returns   representation

test:  returns the path to the package containing the named module or none if the path could not be a absolute path .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get files in a given file .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   sleep
truth:  get   files

test:  check that the windows runner are accepted and creates a new refcounts .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  run   flask
truth:  run   times

test:  decorator to run a single multithread for a given request .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  request   tracks
truth:  request   urls

test:  return a 1-sized instruction prefers can be contains here dim .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  run a module and return the pillar variable .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  test that p .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  returns the full path to a specified user name .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   stores
truth:  return   name

test:  ensure that virtualbox additions guest additions are stored .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   jitter
truth:  ensure   guest

test:  helper function to take a admx policy string for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue or backend cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  provide   enhance
truth:  provide   items

test:  returns a l{codec .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   bench
truth:  get   value

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  get a class="selected" llvm llvm symbols .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  given integers c .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   dst
truth:  given   c

test:  returns name .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  set movie play title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   advance
truth:  set   title

test:  convert an array to a discrete image and a class vector .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  return true if the named service will start to be removed .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  updates daily average to slave .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  return the hardware vendor vendor flags .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  get   tear
truth:  get   module

test:  return a list of distributions for this package .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  get   scours
truth:  get   family

test:  execute command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   splitting
truth:  chop   surface

test:  search for a collection of items to be public and return next page .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  retrieve   consisting
truth:  retrieve   link

test:  listen to transactions the os .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  track   fitnesse
truth:  track   events

test:  return the token from an http response body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  extracts   pulls
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns the bfs edges in the graph g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  produce   descend
truth:  produce   edges

test:  this function returns the frequent fib .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  only one argument more fixed values .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  gets   constrain
truth:  gets   attribute

test:  if set to a random web file .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  lx echo .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  echo   separates
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read features from file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   caused
truth:  read   return

test:  splits an element into chunks of elements .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  empty   switch
truth:  empty   list

test:  flush postgis from cache .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  flush   scaled
truth:  flush   queue

test:  concatenate a sequence of expressions into the lion form .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  separate   import
truth:  separate   summary

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  runs   tear
truth:  runs   module

test:  returns the maximum of the minimum value in the passed array .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  pulls   exposes
truth:  pulls   values

test:  main function for ansible module .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  pulls   tear
truth:  pulls   module

test:  check if the specified port is valid .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  returns   receives
truth:  returns   port

test:  get the facebook notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   requeues
truth:  get   sms

test:  given a url that can be used to guess the scheme .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  add   spyders
truth:  add   scheme

test:  decorator to check if an object is a document_pb .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   map
truth:  fake   implementation

test:  compute the entropy of x along the given axis .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  calculate   feed
truth:  calculate   entropy

test:  return the nth preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   unifies
truth:  get   encoding

test:  return the spectral sample of the probability distribution positive i .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  pulls   record
truth:  pulls   deviation

test:  returns github credentials for the github service .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  view   intialize
truth:  view   root

test:  returns: list of names of the flags declared in this module .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   step
truth:  list   names

test:  returns the value consisting of the most appropriate marquee amount .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  return   shared
truth:  return   string

test:  return a user for a named user cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remove   allocate
truth:  remove   user

test:  return a filter from a different filter prototype .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   hits
truth:  transform   filter

test:  calculates the appropriate list of subresultant for the given sequence list of modules .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculates   repairs
truth:  calculates   correlation

test:  select a function with sudo and timeout .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  this function is added to get the package .
truth: given a package . 
test:  given   downloading
truth:  given   package

test:  returns the placementgroup if it is requested .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return limited to 2 .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  input   restart
truth:  input   account

test:  runs the given request .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a wsgi-compatible wsgi-compatible for the given country code .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  given   pulls
truth:  given   null

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  issue   shared
truth:  issue   string

test:  return a url to be used in avatar and search query for the user object .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  return the queryset for a particular user that contains the auth status for the auth .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  import module by module and import the string from the supplied module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  try   tear
truth:  try   module

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   define
truth:  set   path

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   authorizes
truth:  calls   command

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   paths

test:  test the top_filters g method .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  tests   reported
truth:  tests   function

test:  fixture to print a test .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  provides   stays
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   succeeds
truth:  get   derivation

test:  download a file-like object to s3 .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   enhanced
truth:  download   object

test:  pulls all specific data from pillar data and returns the result .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  execute   xml
truth:  execute   runtime

test:  convert a file system path to a file system path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  convert   define
truth:  convert   path

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   generate
truth:  list   users

test:  runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   updates
truth:  runs   wsgi

test:  convert a polynomial f to a gf(p)[x] polynomial f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   algorithm
truth:  rotate   points

test:  returns a list of all the fast column in cls .
truth: version of node . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  show the version of devices .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  use   objects
truth:  use   show

test:  decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  return the first word in expr of expr examples .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  pulls   attributes
truth:  pulls   arrays

test:  a decorator that ignores a function or primary key to be used with a given argument .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  list all grr hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  moment conditions for estimating quantile and scale of a distribution with method of moments using either 2 quantiles or 2 moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  estimate   located
truth:  estimate   method

test:  match the network list in net of interfaces that are the provider .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  returns true if and b are the same .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  indicates   regressiont
truth:  indicates   index

test:  clears a range of lines for multi-line comments .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  clears   optdict
truth:  clears   lines

test:  get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   rescue
truth:  get   vector3

test:  return the server status .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  get   tile
truth:  get   information

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the power_exp hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  restful crud controller - needed for imports purposes .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  requests   switch
truth:  requests   list

test:  returns effects of the goes provided for the provided web .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  3: 3: attempts to not use api .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  make   encapsulate
truth:  make   instance

test:  ensure a curve is not a curve curve .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  bundled   trim
truth:  bundled   support

test:  handler to serve all files off of a given .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  is   sleep
truth:  is   files

test:  watch a user to a collection .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  post   unsets
truth:  post   watch

test:  return true if the user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  checks   responds
truth:  checks   database

test:  public interface to the articles .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  render   restoring
truth:  render   data

test:  compute the input for per pca .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  adds a function to the 4 parameters .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  add   attacked
truth:  add   stats

test:  get iso8601 info for datetimes .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  deletes a pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  deletes   pulls
truth:  deletes   null

test:  if a container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  raise   shed
truth:  raise   exception

test:  apply the relu function .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  apply   filesize
truth:  apply   derivative

test:  return the number of x and y values within a given dimension .
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  teardown the container .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   satisfy
truth:  teardown   container

test:  parse python interpreter file .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  performs   pulls
truth:  performs   null

test:  check for segment of type and type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  ensure   teardown
truth:  ensure   type

test:  the the the windows binary buffer is currently being used in the local process .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  uninstall an flocker package from a list of flocker .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   verified
truth:  return   effect

test:  returns a exploration object for the exploration that are set by the given id .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  prints the standard cgi-style file handle mapping_fh: .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  writes   assume
truth:  writes   header

test:  converts a string to a list of numbers .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  check and set the request meta object for loading the request .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return last error function .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   listen
truth:  dump   key

test:  decorate the given number that has reattempt to be added to the entire key .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test show_fiff of evoked data .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  copy each line of text and delete infiles to last modified list of infiles containing one list of infiles characters .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  parses   pulls
truth:  parses   null

test:  deletes a mount point or not deleted .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  deletes   coupling
truth:  deletes   target

test:  all groups have all groups .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  verifies   decide
truth:  verifies   groups

test:  returns the apply an rpm package from the waiting waiting parameters .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  is   tokenizing
truth:  is   filepath

test:  return a list of all detected directories on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  represent an s3 url as a web page .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  make   tracks
truth:  make   urls

test:  loads an image from a file .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  compute   forwards
truth:  compute   image

test:  exeggcutess icon wrapper .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  pulls   resizes
truth:  pulls   icon

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator used to call a function on a remote server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  pulls   flush
truth:  pulls   coroutine

test:  return the pydoc .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  merge the results of two dictionaries .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   understemmed
truth:  merge   results

test:  sets the mysql model for the ensuing model metadata .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  set   pulls
truth:  set   null

test:  add assembly linear bearing cage .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   reserved
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  returns true if the element of the page exists in the page .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  builds the validation string based on ssl indexers .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  build   pulls
truth:  build   null

test:  check whether policy is using policy .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  look   enabled
truth:  look   nova

test:  return the url configured when the backend backend being invoked .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  compute the greatest factorial of x .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  extract   pulls
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the first kind of the string in a directory .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  return   outline
truth:  return   hex

test:  run count on a string with an words .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  pulls   optdict
truth:  pulls   lines

test:  update container metadata .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   post_save
truth:  update   metadata

test:  detects entities in the file located in the given language .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   labeled
truth:  detects   file

test:  when an exception occurs by the flocker_volume_options python exception suppressed .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  pulls   capturing
truth:  pulls   error

test:  decode string to rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decode   decomposes
truth:  decode   rfc

test:  display all the extra_specs from the delta .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  lists   imap
truth:  lists   repos

test:  ask if an showwarning error is yes .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   randomise
truth:  show   message

test:  a decorator that ensures a project with the correct project .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled permissions for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   allocate
truth:  returns   user

test:  this decorator wraps the requested api to wrap the expected_paths of the function .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  use   float
truth:  use   decorator

test:  show all tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  get   append
truth:  get   tenant

test:  add a batch with a new variable and also work on the decreasing button .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  prepend   releases
truth:  prepend   axis

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  returns a storage object of the preprocessed mapping file .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   restoring
truth:  read   data

test:  get raw data .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  checks if the response is a response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  checks   knapsack
truth:  checks   request

test:  servicerecord add .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  pulls   r^2
truth:  pulls   form

test:  decodes html entities in the given string .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   connect
truth:  decodes   entities

test:  reorder and check for one order of the cov .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  quotes the given text and returns quoted .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  pulls   learn
truth:  pulls   quotes

test:  return the namespace string corresponding to the datastore .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  validate   guessing
truth:  validate   namespace

test:  returns a hash of fileobj supplied tags .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  extract   derive
truth:  extract   templates

test:  test to make sure that the html writer will not use multi-dimensional columns if the multicol parameter is false .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  test a label label on an empty serie .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  change the result of a given dict .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  setting   forms
truth:  setting   result

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   based
truth:  expand   address

test:  sync all apps from all apps in the application folder .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   were
truth:  sync   property

test:  find a matching account on the instance or account .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  retrieves   restart
truth:  retrieves   account

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  find   named
truth:  find   z

test:  given a utf8 message string .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  given   remounts
truth:  given   obj

test:  format the host string s to a message .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  format   throw
truth:  format   x

test:  make sure an 822 format works as expected .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  test   install
truth:  test   response

test:  default feedback url to generate the default feedback url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  pulls   access
truth:  pulls   url

test:  add a pupy to the module for the given module .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  add   tear
truth:  add   module

test:  test writes to htmls section of htmls .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   serialize
truth:  test   str

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  decrypts   hover
truth:  decrypts   bytes

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   reported
truth:  mask   function

test:  loads a pixbuf from an image .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   forwards
truth:  convert   image

test:  return a new ordered repository defined in handling .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  prints the debug message for the debug print the debug message .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  needed   pulls
truth:  needed   null

test:  returns a redirect url string .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  issue   asserting
truth:  issue   redirect

test:  reads in local plugins .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  returns   interpolated
truth:  returns   plugins

test:  return image in loop or fermionic images .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  increase   analyzes
truth:  increase   size

test:  render a mako string .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  return repeated items of a list .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  pulls   pings
truth:  pulls   behavior

test:  return a new string with any pair of characters as a dictionary whose keys are the values have the same declaration .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  dumps   talking
truth:  dumps   dict

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  pulls   standardises
truth:  pulls   period

test:  decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy ones are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  pulls   understemmed
truth:  pulls   results

test:  update a mongodb site for a value in the given site .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  update   bench
truth:  update   value

test:  convenience function to create a client client .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path of the messages that the given module .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  determine   define
truth:  determine   path

test:  return the next item from the iterator to be used .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  pulls   uploading
truth:  pulls   job

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   pulls
truth:  disallow   null

test:  return string representation of the string .
truth: if possible . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  slugify a string .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  converts   rules
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  return listening_ports name .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  retry a function that wraps a error of the decorated function .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  executes   overlay
truth:  executes   func

test:  returns the product of the product of the device .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   registers
truth:  returns   product

test:  convert set or choices into key=value nodes .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  validate   cause
truth:  validate   option

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual dvs .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  get the number of digits of the value .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   preserve
truth:  get   int

test:  return the list of tuples within a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  get   analyzes
truth:  get   size

test:  helper function to return a dict of format butterworth for testing .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  fetches feedback form for a particular request .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters to truncate after .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  truncates   gauss
truth:  truncates   strings

test:  returns a series of quantile and a pair of length keyed by the last category computed method .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  given an identity pool name .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  given   stores
truth:  given   name

test:  returns the number of rounded to the nearest part of a precision .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  round   located
truth:  round   method

test:  parse a dict of parameters into a dict and replace a pathname string .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   talking
truth:  return   dict

test:  returns the response data for both the login and refresh views .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  returns   restoring
truth:  returns   data

test:  decorator that adds images on images images and compares them .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  compare   indicating
truth:  compare   images

test:  given a flavor image key .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  extract   forwards
truth:  extract   image

test:  return true if the named upstart is disabled in this file .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  pulls   chew
truth:  pulls   service

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  are   iterates
truth:  are   comment

test:  remove an iis virtual directory .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  remove   crop
truth:  remove   directory

test:  run a package .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  returns   downloading
truth:  returns   package

test:  makes sure the result pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  makes   hides
truth:  makes   pointer

test:  run all tasks that match the other workers in the other workers that match the given workers .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  create image pdf from the given filesystem .
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  setup the homematic thermostat platform .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   bench
truth:  mark   value

test:  convert x .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  helper method for adding a single document into parent default: .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  removes   uncheck
truth:  removes   element

test:  create and write the output of a file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  process   pass
truth:  process   document

test:  get the points of the control points .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   downgrades
truth:  get   point

test:  make a threadlocal options that an options object .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  run the given module within the given module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  place   mounts
truth:  place   objects

test:  list unique elements in order to their original elements .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns the size of the linux size in the system .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  attempt   newlines
truth:  attempt   dimensions

test:  return the number of seconds of seconds that are available .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  build a directory .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a sitemonitor build parameter .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  pulls   identifies
truth:  pulls   plugin

test:  remove the value of the release with a given key .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  remove   decimals
truth:  remove   storage

test:  convert a dictionary of numbers to a python atom .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  returns   polling
truth:  returns   webob

test:  resource header for flexible impact assessments .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  header   enhance
truth:  header   items

test:  creates a client for working with cloud loadbalancers .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   unload
truth:  creates   client

test:  check that the specified path against pathlib or output .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  is   carry
truth:  is   test

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  parses a single module and returns the contents of the provided ip addresses .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   representing
truth:  parse   specification

test:  return an open hash populated in the given arguments .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   drill
truth:  execute   run

test:  plots a plot .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  makes   memoizes
truth:  makes   plot

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  crop   forwards
truth:  crop   image

test:  return a list of current timezone cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  import module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled sent .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  pulls   masking
truth:  pulls   strategy

test:  create a columns[ for a given field .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  returns   teardown
truth:  returns   type

test:  least common divisor between 2 integers .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  pulls   assert
truth:  pulls   multiple

test:  get a list of all interfaces for an vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  find the arithmetic where the elements in seq and customizes are the item - the sequence are the lowest value in the sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  takes   parameterize
truth:  takes   integers

test:  return the tournament matrix for each node of g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  downloads a file from the given file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  download   daemonize
truth:  download   memcache

test:  create a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   clip
truth:  create   record

test:  this function checks to see if the non-printable module is allowed to be imported .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  assert   pulls
truth:  assert   null

test:  helper to return the estimated channel when a string is a alphanum .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  return a person tag of a text for a given tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   boolean

test:  convert an arbitrary host to a remote host using the ssh dy .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  copy   sleep
truth:  copy   files

test:  returns the json representation of a game for a given pid .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  parses   compiling
truth:  parses   home

test:  return the hex digits of the hex given the series of the series expansion of the hex .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  apply the given sequence to a list of value in a hashable .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return the moebius-kantor graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   publish
truth:  return   graph

test:  frees a list of audio output device and returns the current output of that are available .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   switch
truth:  gets   list

test:  return contiguous vector of ones .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  maximum absolute difference between two numbers .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  return   skip
truth:  return   difference

test:  parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   saving
truth:  parse   feature

test:  find the rank of a given exp .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  returns   linkify
truth:  returns   integer

test:  extracts a capabilities list of null-terminated string from a raw string .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  extract   switch
truth:  extract   list

test:  return a dict of prior pieces as shuffled dependencies and the dependencies that are not shuffled on the timer .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  pulls   blocking
truth:  pulls   outputs

test:  start : external_declaration .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  start   dst
truth:  start   c

test:  main must be used to disable the channel to the channel .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  use   multiply
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list by configured location .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  choose   forwards
truth:  choose   image

test:  check for a genericimagedatasetjob exception raised for place** and that we have a wrapper for how not raise a wrapper .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  pulls   empty
truth:  pulls   attempts

test:  adds the logged in the classes to the queue .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  add   pulls
truth:  add   null

test:  construct a volume from a dictionary .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return a dict describing an iterator over the items of a list .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  pulls   place
truth:  pulls   generator

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  return   bench
truth:  return   value

test:  return a set of all rmdir cpus in the most rmdir .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  escape all the values in iterable that match the given beautifulsoup .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  return the value of the given values .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  disable   tear
truth:  disable   module

test:  get a list of set-cookie: tags from the db .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  get   generate
truth:  get   users

test:  call this check against a fqdn .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  get the sysctl sysctl key .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   format
truth:  get   parameter

test:  returns a replacement for a replacement set of n items of time series .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  choose   parameterize
truth:  choose   integers

test:  adds a due date extension for a particular unit on a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   attempt
truth:  sets   extension

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a set of linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  test cross-validation without vispy .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   populating
truth:  read   info

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  test io for dig files .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   sleep
truth:  test   files

test:  returns a list of input strings .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  pulls   cleaned
truth:  pulls   configurations

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  returns if the given view is a string .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  returns   pass
truth:  returns   document

test:  update a new user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   restart
truth:  update   account

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   xlsx
truth:  execute   query

test:  compute the matrix exponential using knuths integral .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   exposes
truth:  given   values

test:  since a new converter will states .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  inserting   pulls
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a new version of the given message .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   generating
truth:  create   shell

test:  adds the values in the ndarray differing to the original element of x .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   restoring
truth:  function   data

test:  create a volume group .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  implement a transform of registering dictionaries .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  pulls   leaving
truth:  pulls   cython

test:  this function is simply sort of the binomial size n the distance matrix .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  pulls   analyzes
truth:  pulls   size

test:  disable a sysv sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   chew
truth:  disable   service

test:  return data for bookmark of a user .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   referenced
truth:  return   bookmark

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  pulls   link
truth:  pulls   factory

test:  register a new graph .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   publish
truth:  output   graph

test:  verify that a string is the textual repository .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  ensure   contained
truth:  ensure   snapshots

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   safe_octal
truth:  create   class

test:  assert that a signal is returned when the given signal handler is reached .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  context   pulls
truth:  context   null

test:  send a file-like tasks .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  returns false if the given node in baremetal context in the list is set to false .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  returns   looping
truth:  returns   node

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   aligns
truth:  update   volume

test:  this function returns a sparse and scale as a float .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  makes   pulls
truth:  makes   null

test:  get the areal from the sides .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   rewrite
truth:  get   radius

test:  assumes the results of the "follow" date was made in the cluster .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  create a compiled rule object that implements the attribute string .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  decorate   reported
truth:  decorate   function

test:  convert to ansi escape sequence .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  used   forbid
truth:  used   options

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   aliased
truth:  return   json

test:  test handle_fatal_exc a wan hit .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  make   pulls
truth:  make   null

test:  get region code based on iso 3166-1 .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   merge
truth:  code   iso

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   building
truth:  delete   tag

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   drops
truth:  make   call

test:  return list of users with the current user .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  returns a manager for the given engine type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  returns   safe_octal
truth:  returns   class

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   small_stmts
truth:  parse   line

test:  checks a file has been identical .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   sleep
truth:  compare   files

test:  convert the given object to graphics object .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  return   urlencode
truth:  return   item

test:  returns the arithmetic offset where the offset is the two points in the array or wasnt :rtype: string .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  pulls   restrict
truth:  pulls   array

test:  resolve the extension as used by extensions .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  loads   optparse
truth:  loads   extensions

test:  to return the current times for knowledge calls .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  converts   labeled
truth:  converts   file

test:  register the rendered matrix to use as a required xml element .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  does   pulls
truth:  does   null

test:  create a django header with the given string .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  handle   knapsack
truth:  handle   request

test:  get a dict matching sync on dsk2 or async version .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  pulls   extract
truth:  pulls   version

test:  fetch the gravatar email for a gravatar given an email address .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  returns   coefficients
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the standard offset .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   landing
truth:  returns   sum

test:  revoke the cached challenge .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   assure
truth:  revoke   challenge

test:  standard log into the debug level .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  logs   randomise
truth:  logs   message

test:  fixture that mocks the redis cache for all backends .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  returns the size in binary format acceptable for the provided mask .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  turns   combined
truth:  turns   ipv4

test:  decorator that causes a method with a passed lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  this returns the snippet of videos index page .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  returns   bring
truth:  returns   page

test:  update all translated strings .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  get   stretch
truth:  get   language

test:  compute the matrix exponential using taylor series .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   sort
truth:  compute   exponential

test:  create a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  create   recodes
truth:  create   team

test:  return the plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  make   identifies
truth:  make   plugin

test:  return the absolute value .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  true if the node is a method of another node .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   downgrades
truth:  point   point

test:  normalizes the sequence of paths back into their respective equivalent .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  validates the tool shed method or a setting of a list of tool names into a dictionary of tool names and stderr .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  validates   solve
truth:  validates   settings

test:  creates an authsubtoken and sets the token value of the given url .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  finds   shared
truth:  finds   string

test:  return the layer ratio for slack .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  perform   pulls
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts text into native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  takes   restoring
truth:  takes   data

test:  initialize the random seeds .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the general quadratic ternary form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  returns   cleaning
truth:  returns   matrix

test:  return list of kinds for each kinds in kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  pulls   rising
truth:  pulls   group

test:  returns mime-type with the highest quality (q) from list of candidates .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  takes   switch
truth:  takes   list

test:  return the value of a given ip address .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  return a random string of random whitespace .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  returns   confirmed
truth:  returns   length

test:  return the best matching the specified preferred service types and the output of all #828 that are supported by the given service .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get the circle nodes from circle nodes .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   increase
truth:  get   nodes

test:  perform any limit of the stats part of the string s .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   opened
truth:  is   re

test:  quote a string for safe and escapes .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  input   stream
truth:  input   returns

test:  check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on the api used / referenced inside the rule .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  fixes python file descriptor for process .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  pulls   thrusting
truth:  pulls   space

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries to each image instances .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  this page is specified in the list of pages .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  pulls   switch
truth:  pulls   list

test:  copy an archive archive file .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   updating
truth:  copy   archive

test:  returns the first interface on ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  write the external external book to a file in time .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  link   labeled
truth:  link   file

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   inhibit
truth:  get   label

test:  returns all username@host directories that should be used as a given role .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  get   advised
truth:  get   commands

test:  create a stateful string suitable for ctr encryption .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   converted
truth:  create   block

test:  ping the urls when an entry is visible .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   tracks
truth:  ping   urls

test:  test installing from a wheel with from a wheel .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  helper method to get a unique sharejs key for a given wiki .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  format   squeezing
truth:  format   uuid

test:  for testing .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a rsassa-pkcs signature against a google request uri .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   pulls
truth:  verify   null

test:  return the target of a given target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  determine   coupling
truth:  determine   target

test:  convenience function for markdown file debug creation .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  creates   labeled
truth:  creates   file

test:  test warnings of event ordering .
truth: test event order . 
test:  test   limiting
truth:  test   order

test:  trims tidy from right to stripping .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  clean   pulls
truth:  clean   null

test:  decorator defining a list of role names .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  defining   preloading
truth:  defining   host

test:  gets all virtual_interfaces for instance and instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  gets   need
truth:  gets   interfaces

test:  returns a handle to use for the given page id .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  check whether we can resize contained within an image .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  update or add manifest xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   autoencoder
truth:  update   xml

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  set up the sensor sensor .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  setup   create_object
truth:  setup   sensor

test:  returns the search algorithm for a given s .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  uses   pulls
truth:  uses   null

test:  does a view configuration file for a user .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  check   usage_key_string
truth:  check   view

test:  writes the message to the proxy process .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind and its derivative .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  pulls   returned
truth:  pulls   numbers

test:  converts a string representation of the corresponding integer to the associated unit .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   throttle
truth:  convert   unit

test:  unpack a double-precision floating-point matrix .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   cleaning
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  return the data for the specified quality .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  test working copy when a user already exists and has sudo .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  test   disconnecting
truth:  test   sudo

test:  append the token to an url for a bokeh token .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  appends   compiling
truth:  appends   home

test:  ajax view that enables users in the ajax post .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  pulls   turning
truth:  pulls   posts

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   spin
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   modbus
truth:  sets   cookie

test:  takes a dict and returns the values of the buffer with the object .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  convert   executed
truth:  convert   dictionary

test:  returns the name of a column in the provided column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  retrieve   stores
truth:  retrieve   name

test:  parse a text string as a number followed by a multiplier .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  try   shared
truth:  try   string

test:  returns a version string with the datadir worker .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  finds   define
truth:  finds   path

test:  translates a url by nominated its language .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   access
truth:  given   url

test:  delete a blob from the provider .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   question
truth:  delete   blob

test:  create a configuration percentage for the specified username .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  create   freezing
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start the selected django server .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   roundrobin
truth:  start   application

test:  show the details from a scaleway baremetal server .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   revoked
truth:  show   details

test:  return the hierarchical clustering of the tree .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   merges
truth:  return   clustering

test:  helper function to concatenate fft .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  fft   pulls
truth:  fft   null

test:  dynamically load a class from a module .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  adapted   access
truth:  adapted   url

test:  extract the solution according to the closerof rules .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  check   document
truth:  check   brackets

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  like   oriented
truth:  like   meth

test:  construct an object holding a binary string .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  simulates a login ip address .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  performs   relying
truth:  performs   login

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  return   support
truth:  return   time

test:  only work on solaris based systems .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  confirm   tear
truth:  confirm   module

test:  extend a time to a message .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  refresh   unquoting
truth:  refresh   environment

test:  makes sure that we are running this system .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  build   coupling
truth:  build   target

test:  returns the matrices of the elements of the array .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  edge boundary of a directed graph g .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   pack
truth:  returns   edge

test:  return true if url is running .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get a fixed ip by a ips instance or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   containing
truth:  get   ip

test:  tests that we can successfully read a variable with a qiime custom config file .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   transliterate
truth:  test   variable

test:  compute polynomial exact pseudo-quotient of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  compute   superimposes
truth:  compute   quotient

test:  test if an issue is valid .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  pulls   look
truth:  pulls   utf-8

test:  check if worktree is installed and on the git versions .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  ensure   pulls
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch the content from the api .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  download   listen
truth:  download   key

test:  get the insides .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  add   reproduces
truth:  add   loops

test:  view that returns a single resend confirmation page .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  view   allocate
truth:  view   user

test:  resolve the given text into a step .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   r^2
truth:  convert   form

test:  tries to ensure the class is fully given class .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  return   safe_octal
truth:  return   class

test:  returns the leading norm of f in gf(p)[x] .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  calculates   assuming
truth:  calculates   norm

test:  lead of normal loglikelihood to have a continuous transformation .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  calculates   limiting
truth:  calculates   order

test:  escape string with a backslashes variable .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  pulls   associate
truth:  pulls   expressions

test:  dijkstras algorithm for shortest paths david eppstein .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  algorithm   suppose
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  python 2 .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of a g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  return   descend
truth:  return   edges

test:  create a tarball to restore the given node path through one of the given node proc .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  create   denotes
truth:  create   tarball

test:  return the list of schemas of schemas in schemas .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  return   evpn
truth:  return   schema

test:  return btrfs space via opkg devices .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  get   spawn
truth:  get   devices

test:  average directional movement index rating .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  pulls   regressiont
truth:  pulls   index

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   sanitize
truth:  load   libraries

test:  find the msvs index file with the given parent standalone .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   fetches
truth:  find   parent

test:  generate a test data set in the js files and clusters .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  get   step
truth:  get   names

test:  find the metadata for an instance from the given object .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  return   executed
truth:  return   dictionary

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastic mapreduce service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   enrich
truth:  get   regions

test:  succeeds email preferences for the specified user with new email address .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  updates   allocate
truth:  updates   user

test:  split on string apart into a list of non-empty tuples .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  separate   equalize
truth:  separate   email

test:  a helper function that returns a constructor from a given runner .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  returns   reported
truth:  returns   function

test:  reshapes an input variable without copy .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  returns   overwrites
truth:  returns   shape

test:  decorator for the decorated function .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  return   reported
truth:  return   function

test:  only work on freebsd .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  module   fake
truth:  module   load

test:  walk a list of results in the form of a given module .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  recursive   reported
truth:  recursive   function

test:  del a lease lease .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  called   remaining
truth:  called   lease

test:  get the file from the filename or the lowercase filename in a directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   supports
truth:  get   text

test:  return string listing valid art .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  dump   switch
truth:  dump   list

test:  user delete .
truth: user delete . 
test:  delete   activate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  convert an ip address to a binary string .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  convert   squeezing
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   physicists
truth:  returns   suffix

test:  returns a dict with the specified name and the pipeline .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  provides   crop
truth:  provides   directory

test:  return the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  compute   assembles
truth:  compute   coefficients

test:  return the path of a given test .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  transliterate   enhanced
truth:  transliterate   object

test:  return a secure path to hex string .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  compute   shared
truth:  compute   string

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   randomise
truth:  sends   message

test:  create a new theme path .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  link   profile
truth:  link   theme

test:  returns path to the systems of the script at path provided by the systems package .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  find   define
truth:  find   path

test:  converts size in milliseconds to human readable bytes .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  print   unmarshalling
truth:  print   sizes

test:  return current doc string .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  create   enhanced
truth:  create   object

test:  skew of normal loglikelihood wrt n .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  is   signals
truth:  is   moment

test:  return a temporary directory path to a temporary file that is found and will execute some serializable-as-pem translations .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  converts a diagonal diagonal matrix into a diagonal .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  write a source spaces to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   unlocking
truth:  write   source

test:  convert a number to the hex string if it is negative .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  convert   outline
truth:  convert   hex

test:  return true if the process with pids of its children .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  verify   explode
truth:  verify   processes

test:  parses a string of bytes into an integer .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  converts   blocks
truth:  converts   representation

test:  ticketstatus view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  filtered   point
truth:  filtered   status

test:  gzip the given data using the gzip standard deviations .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   removes
truth:  return   gzip

test:  render the template_file .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   pulls
truth:  render   null

test:  convert days into standard normal lists .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  for a given context with the optional context mapping information about the queue document .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  works   concatenates
truth:  works   ordering

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   holding
truth:  create   policy

test:  return the python type header based on the dataverse config .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  return   crop
truth:  return   directory

test:  convert a matplotlib latlon to the corresponding set of utm coordinates .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  return true if a whitelist is a whitelist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  check   preloading
truth:  check   host

test:  log an agreement in the meeting log .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   urlencode
truth:  log   item

test:  create a template that renders a template with context .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  render   storing
truth:  render   template

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  returns the last item in a string .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   instantiate
truth:  returns   arguments

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   enhance
truth:  return   items

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  close the connection to the proxy settings .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   trivial
truth:  close   connection

test:  attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   label
truth:  attach   custom

test:  return locale from the request .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  return   colorized
truth:  return   context

test:  classify sequence of float numbers of length 3 sequences of length 3 using a single layer of gru units and softmax of length 3 .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  apply   fonts
truth:  apply   layer

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  pulls   calculate
truth:  pulls   windows

test:  write the string representation of this file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   support
truth:  get   time

test:  demonstrate the user to read from an object .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  write   compile
truth:  write   documentation

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x n integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  return a list of the names of the specified role .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  lists   serves
truth:  lists   roles

test:  queues a default forwards .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  load   unlinks
truth:  load   fixture

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shuts   chew
truth:  shuts   service

test:  check for an input file matches the given list of matcher .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  pulls   temperature
truth:  pulls   date

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   asserts
truth:  return   diff

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   thinks
truth:  attach   issue

test:  return true if the file filename is required .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  pulls   stores
truth:  pulls   name

test:  only load this module if the gluster command exists .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   pinned_array
truth:  load   execution

test:  utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a helper for _addmessagemethods() and appropriately of a given descriptor .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  pulls   crack
truth:  pulls   _

test:  return the rate of the fraction of the currently logged in the range [low .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  pulls   format
truth:  pulls   parameter

test:  move widgets to move to old ones .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   parsed
truth:  handle   widgets

test:  scale the image to a given image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   forwards
truth:  returns   image

test:  const_map_item : const field_type identifier = const_value | const field_type identifier = const_value | const_ref .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  remove the given directory .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  delete   crop
truth:  delete   directory

test:  return top five recommended brands .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  pulls   pyopenssl
truth:  pulls   convenience

test:  return a single inventory dictionary for the given field .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  turn   adjust
truth:  turn   inventory

test:  temperature the file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  alteration   del
truth:  alteration   gcode

test:  print a wrapper to stdout .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  deletes a repository .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  deletes   commit
truth:  deletes   repository

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  delete   expose
truth:  delete   credentials

test:  convert a numerical .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  converts   export
truth:  converts   tuple

test:  kill a job with the given jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  sends   dumps
truth:  sends   signal

test:  check if the first word is in the split line .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  determine   small_stmts
truth:  determine   line

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   restoring
truth:  write   data

test:  encode a single dbref / str .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   locking
truth:  encode   bson

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the dbref framework .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  test project with a reserved reserved items in the project .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  tests   determine
truth:  tests   projects

test:  check for emailaddress .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  checks   based
truth:  checks   address

test:  return server table cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  test   reduced
truth:  test   cli

test:  return the open file .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  unpack an archive to a dict .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   wanted
truth:  unpack   filename

test:  add quota to the volume type .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  update   teardown
truth:  update   type

test:  instruct the minion to sleep for a given computer .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  displays   reloads
truth:  displays   amount

test:  compares the residual performs pools for numpy .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  calculates   pulls
truth:  calculates   null

test:  display the result of a test suite .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  pauses   allocate
truth:  pauses   user

test:  executes the traffic_manager process and reuturns the text output .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  resets   igor
truth:  resets   device

test:  compute squared norm of the matrix for padding .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  pulls   assuming
truth:  pulls   norm

test:  gets the pillar data that can be used with a specific value .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  pass   cause
truth:  pass   option

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   point
truth:  return   status

test:  sets options turned on by switch -o .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  adds   expose
truth:  adds   credentials

test:  interprets a numpy array of a range of values as a bool .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   restrict
truth:  converts   array

test:  returns the current user .
truth: set g . 
test:  set   translated
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a running ubuntu module .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   satisfy
truth:  bootstrap   container

test:  raise an exception .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  pulls   dumps
truth:  pulls   signal

test:  return memory since the number of memory that are on the predefined .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   store
truth:  return   memory

test:  the networksegments hash for the given input prefix .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  replace   stores
truth:  replace   name

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   knapsack
truth:  perform   request

test:  outset the carving of a gcode file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  update a security group .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   rising
truth:  update   group

test:  mount a file access to a filesystem access to the specified location .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  mount   embedded
truth:  mount   example

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   retrying
truth:  test   compatibility

test:  returns the thumbnail for the given image path based on the image if it doesnt exist .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  gets the long description of an docstring .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  returns the expression matching the regexp ops .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  return   compress
truth:  return   db

test:  binary representation of s .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  generator that iterates over all possible tuples of the graph g .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  pulls   enroll
truth:  pulls   iterator

test:  returns the min weighted cost for further processing .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  uploads the sample data for a file .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  upload   hostname
truth:  upload   vm

test:  returns a uniform binary weights that has the same size between the median and enclosing the distance matrix .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  pulls   threshold
truth:  pulls   distribution

test:  serialize python objects that handles datetime objects and runs safe by json python object .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline cache directory .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  get the release group of the cover art .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  download   recommended
truth:  download   art

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  makes   evaluate
truth:  makes   clip

test:  adds the value to the beginning of the given value .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  returns   format
truth:  returns   parameter

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  shorthand for creating a tcp socket .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  get dependencies from the database .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  try to import a module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   tear
truth:  import   module

test:  test that the tail computed works correctly .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series series in each string of the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  return   restrict
truth:  return   array

test:  make sure symbols are valid expressions lists .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   deployed
truth:  make   symbols

test:  generate standard kindofgarch process for process arguments where each process is defined in an arma process of the process of mu and upper : array_like sequence is returned by its
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  simulate   prettify
truth:  simulate   process

test:  remove special characters with a given name .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   thrusting
truth:  remove   space

test:  enroll student of label .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  enroll   equalize
truth:  enroll   email

test:  returns a list of forums .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  view   pulls
truth:  view   null

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  splits a sequence into lines of the longest list .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   persists
truth:  returns   subsequence

test:  decorator to determine if the command is in the same as the current traversal .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   authorizes
truth:  returns   command

test:  adds given parent after is in parent .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  update   fetches
truth:  update   parent

test:  return system information for rss .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  get data from a lookuptable object .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  fetches all namespaces and generates the database .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  return   makes
truth:  return   namespaces

test:  require an nginx package if installed .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   delay
truth:  require   conda

test:  set a fake locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  fake   printing
truth:  fake   locale

test:  registers the admin admin extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  register   reallocation
truth:  register   collection

test:  scale scaling for a distribution .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  plot   memoizes
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  pulls   broadcasts
truth:  pulls   colorize

test:  load social file system represented by hex secure code .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  check   disabling
truth:  check   filenames

test:  require the user to have 160bits to call .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  set   terminate
truth:  set   password

test:  check if the address represents an ipv4 address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  determine   shared
truth:  determine   string

test:  strips the number of words in html .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  installs a specific reinstall ruby ruby version to which the ruby for the ruby for reinstall .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  pulls   disconnected
truth:  pulls   ruby

test:  convert a dns rdata class to text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   teardown
truth:  convert   type

test:  map of data to a counter printable reading .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  pulls   etc_services
truth:  pulls   sensors

test:  functional test environment variables for functional mode .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  keeps   skills
truth:  keeps   track

test:  api to handle service hooks from github repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  pulls   challengenes
truth:  pulls   hooks

test:  this is a list of the elements from the input values patched by making the weights are considered than the fuzzablerequest .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  returns   fit
truth:  returns   choices

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   producing
truth:  retrieve   certificate

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  get the boto conn for the sqs .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   trivial
truth:  get   connection

test:  show a user .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  show   plan
truth:  show   profile

test:  convert a string representation of the current locale to a message .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  converts   appends
truth:  converts   add

test:  allow the locale to be converted to the replacements .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   boolean

test:  this view permanently delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   vms
truth:  delete   thread

test:  write a history file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  save   labeled
truth:  save   file

test:  return a dict describing the context of a template and value .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  look   exception
truth:  look   macros

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   loved
truth:  expected   doc

test:  yaml: dry add an dry dry .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  configure or disable a given build file .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  run   locked
truth:  run   build

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   removing
truth:  perform   parse

test:  return the number of cpus in the system (same .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  returns the score values .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   skipping
truth:  returns   score

test:  replaces characters of a string with a given name .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  convert   shared
truth:  convert   string

test:  flattened version of assert that the object is iterable .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  convert   enhanced
truth:  convert   object

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   reported
truth:  elementwise   function

test:  return a truncated query string based on the words .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  get   minpoly(add
truth:  get   words

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   crop
truth:  ask   directory

test:  validate that the value is valid for this validator .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  goes   teardown
truth:  goes   type

test:  api: send a test to notification to notification .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  send   carry
truth:  send   test

test:  get all non-deleted group_types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  guess the type for a report with python 3 </script> .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   pulls
truth:  hook   null

test:  returns wrapper for symbolstring .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  wrap   flip
truth:  wrap   python

test:  return the classname class for the given object .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  get all groups belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   decide
truth:  get   groups

test:  get hostname from show .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  get   looping
truth:  get   node

test:  check for opennebula configs .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  set   constrained
truth:  set   functions

test:  adds a url to the page .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  add   access
truth:  add   url

test:  capitalizes the first character of the value from the given string .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   emitting
truth:  capitalizes   character

test:  validates that the given object has a plotly .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  validate   executed
truth:  validate   dictionary

test:  return the approximate transform of the unit data .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  shared   simulating
truth:  shared   input

test:  return the first position of a node that contains the tree of its sitepath .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  returns a list of categories to be used to ordered the categories for any categories that are provided .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  seek   shifted
truth:  seek   units

test:  escape a string for use in a cookie header .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  escape   rms
truth:  escape   javascript

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  computes   uncheck
truth:  computes   element

test:  return a data to remote carbon server .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   restoring
truth:  return   data

test:  remove a organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   filename
truth:  purge   organization

test:  list all users that the given user has the specified permission to verify .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  separates   generate
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  tests   pulls
truth:  tests   null

test:  check to see if a virtualserver exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  convert obj into a hash for debug message .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  pulls   enhanced
truth:  pulls   object

test:  create a repository to be the given option type .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  called   inquire
truth:  called   tool

test:  compute the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points of x n .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   debugging
truth:  load   dataset

test:  computes the shortest path between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   ip
truth:  compute   paths

test:  parse a field path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  take   define
truth:  take   path

test:  set the host to enable the host of the connection directly on the enable server .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  simulates   pulls
truth:  simulates   null

test:  create a new container cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  add   enabled
truth:  add   nova

test:  method to retrieve if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  converts a live live to the micropennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  pulls   sleeping
truth:  pulls   price

test:  return all matplotlib image and between all subplots of all of the given image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  returns   parens
truth:  returns   figure

test:  creates a new random number n so that its digits is an n n .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  pulls   preserve
truth:  pulls   int

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   vms
truth:  are   thread

test:  create a fuse from a sequence of probabilities .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  pulls   colored
truth:  pulls   operation

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   enhanced
truth:  formats   object

test:  cm service accept section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  pulls   alignment
truth:  pulls   section

test:  returns the leading indices of the expression as a list .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   ensure
truth:  turn   prediction

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   lets
truth:  default   handler

test:  show a single map of a running instance .
truth: map command . 
test:  map   authorizes
truth:  map   command

test:  fetch cli manager that will be used to change the parts of the lookuptable contained in the context .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  handle   reduced
truth:  handle   cli

test:  turn a list of arrays into a tuple .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  finds   newlines
truth:  finds   dimensions

test:  format a debuginfo html format to pass it through a single format .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  pulls   regex
truth:  pulls   %

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   mounts
truth:  find   objects

test:  returns the vpc with the given tags or a vpc .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  finds   fft
truth:  finds   vpc

test:  extract messages from the given stream .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  return   controls
truth:  return   ids

test:  return a raf raf of response .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  makes   xor
truth:  makes   scale

test:  create a file-like object for the given figure .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   parens
truth:  create   figure

test:  returns the payload .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  pulls   forms
truth:  pulls   result

test:  benchmark a set of benchmark urls .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  pulls   correct
truth:  pulls   async

test:  delete the user preference for the given username and exploration .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  deletes   buckets
truth:  deletes   preference

test:  benchmarks extraneous commands .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  pulls   support
truth:  pulls   time

test:  get all the rows for the current thread .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   pending
truth:  get   default

test:  raise a warning msg .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  issue   eventlet
truth:  issue   warning

test:  return true if file leading and 7; are similar to a and 7; .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  check the such that everything errors are not already satisfied .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   pings
truth:  validate   behavior

test:  create a secure model instance for interacting with more than one of the given model .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  given   populates
truth:  given   params

test:  detect modules with from __future__ import absolute_import .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  return a list of role names from available roles cli example: .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  list   reduced
truth:  list   cli

test:  return the javascript code for the given language .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  pulls   allocate
truth:  pulls   user

test:  test the corrmat of the distribution .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   threshold
truth:  test   distribution

test:  get the file name of the line number .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  used   pulls
truth:  used   null

test:  return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   analyze
truth:  return   copy

test:  place an order by specified id .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   limiting
truth:  place   order

test:  detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {attached: true} if the policy was attached {attached: false} if the policy was not attached .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  detach   holding
truth:  detach   policy

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  setup the graphite feeder .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  use   exposes
truth:  use   values

test:  a decorator that has philips the decorated function as its generators .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to have a status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  pulls   aligns
truth:  pulls   volume

test:  produce a between predicate clause .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  produce   validating
truth:  produce   clause

test:  this is a new small function that checks to see if the given distribution is 100 .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  get list of github api for pull request .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  get   populating
truth:  get   info

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   gather
truth:  set   colormap

test:  encrypts password and encrypts it into provided password .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  format   customized
truth:  format   salt

test:  return a list of nonisomporphic .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  helper for modules that should return its extension extensions .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  pulls   optparse
truth:  pulls   extensions

test:  get the volume of the named volume .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  get   reduced
truth:  get   cli

test:  return the valid list of valid vectors .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   operate
truth:  return   h

test:  set password and create user instance .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  add   allocate
truth:  add   user

test:  compile the specified file .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  return   batch
truth:  return   code

test:  send the given notification with order invoice .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   limiting
truth:  send   order

test:  return a dict of cpan configuration values cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   represented
truth:  return   sysctl

test:  adds a task to the predicted group .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  update   currents
truth:  update   state

test:  returns the unicode representation of value .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   deconvolves
truth:  declare   level

test:  returns a lambda function representing a predicate on the tree node from a tgrep2 string .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  builds   reported
truth:  builds   function

test:  determine whether this is invalid for an item .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  determine   pulls
truth:  determine   null

test:  asserts all items in an array are equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  compares   facebook
truth:  compares   pairwise

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  creates   wanted
truth:  creates   filename

test:  this process is soo or not .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  sends   terminate
truth:  sends   password

test:  normalize the given expression to contain an expression .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  lambda   pulls
truth:  lambda   null

test:  for windows .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   bench
truth:  gives   value

test:  this is a debug function that takes a text/html string like the prediction players for unequivocal .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  pulls   context
truth:  pulls   contact

test:  constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   supplied
truth:  constructs   api

test:  execute a command and run its output .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  execute   authorizes
truth:  execute   command

test:  used for isvalidansidate the energy of url .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  make sure that the editor filter getting bar filter .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  tests   obj
truth:  tests   filters

test:  get default rpc for use in configuring bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  gets   enters
truth:  gets   bucket

test:  returns the mean for a list of expressions .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  assert that the reconstruction of an array are detected by zeros .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  test   forwards
truth:  test   image

test:  debug function to log messages .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  compute time-frequency representation of source localization .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  compute   grant
truth:  compute   power

test:  returns a list of random bits .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  flip   cyclen
truth:  flip   percentage

test:  mask or disable secret from parameters .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  pulls   offset
truth:  pulls   parameters

test:  returns the number of a process has a process .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   prettify
truth:  provides   process

test:  set preselected comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  adds   iterates
truth:  adds   comment

test:  convert an ordinal string to a value that is acceptable in a thread name .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  transform   enforce
truth:  transform   iri

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or for the provided value .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   cancels
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adds a schema to the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  creates   evpn
truth:  creates   schema

test:  wraps the application that expects a wsgi environment variable for options .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  paste   paging
truth:  paste   interface

test:  returns a new one that is for the same axis and is converted to copy .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  limit   pulls
truth:  limit   null

test:  login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the perspective which the perspective which invokes .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   pick
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick the disk driver driver .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  pick   widget
truth:  pick   libvirt

test:  model with explicit worker should be an exception .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   represent
truth:  model   failure

test:  set a value in dictionary .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  pulls   passes
truth:  pulls   pythons

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  pulls   bench
truth:  pulls   value

test:  return image label for image label .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  return   forwards
truth:  return   image

test:  list user saved playlists .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  delete   clean
truth:  delete   playlist

test:  connect to redis .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  starts   ellipsoid
truth:  starts   pool

test:  like strings .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  make   switch
truth:  make   list

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   simulating
truth:  decodes   input

test:  returns a list of auto fields for a resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  documents the resource method of a resource .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   decrease
truth:  documents   action

test:  return the latest cache .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  returns   enhanced
truth:  returns   object

test:  replaces the changes applied by a salt job jid the job id to lookup config configuration name .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  returns   loads
truth:  returns   changes

test:  split dataframe into given symbol and scaling of symbol .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  split   duplicates
truth:  split   symbol

test:  publish message to topics .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   stops
truth:  publish   topic

test:  the inverse of pickling should denote replace masked arrays .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  pulls   highlight
truth:  pulls   row

test:  restores a config zip file back in place .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   labeled
truth:  restores   file

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   unpin
truth:  test   routine

test:  return a list of all non-overlapping matches in the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  try   printed
truth:  try   pattern

test:  perform a ptr record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  lookup   iuploader
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return a edge connectivity of nodes in g and h .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  pulls   hash
truth:  pulls   flow

test:  make sure registering works properly .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  pulls   port
truth:  pulls   helper

test:  return a 400 bad request error .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  returns   clones
truth:  returns   server

test:  returns the system command to packed .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  helper method to get entities .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  returns   flattens
truth:  returns   output

test:  load a plain key file and return the base64 encoded key .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  plot   forwards
truth:  plot   image

test:  return true if the user can create new user .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  returns   pick
truth:  returns   callback

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  pulls   iterate
truth:  pulls   auth

test:  a view that turns all available permissions into the available uuid .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  request   wrapped
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a path looks like it may be skipped .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   files
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   backup
truth:  given   properties

test:  load config file and returns a configparser instance .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  validates   labeled
truth:  validates   file

test:  dump a message to a given python .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  pulls   randomise
truth:  pulls   message

test:  displays the total catalogs .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  show the cassandra cluster with a given contact .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  show   extract
truth:  show   version

test:  find the text of a document .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  upgrade all packages to a setuptools setuptools .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  pulls   unsqueezing
truth:  pulls   setuptools

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   encode
truth:  work   mac

test:  create an index index .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   regressiont
truth:  create   index

test:  represent an ipv4 address in a network address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  provides   bench
truth:  provides   value

test:  returns true if the specified user exists .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  return   loads
truth:  return   changes

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  pulls   interleave
truth:  pulls   cinder

test:  verifies that a custom cookie matches the given cookie cookie .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  verify   modbus
truth:  verify   cookie

test:  print a single message followed by an indented stack trace .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   randomise
truth:  print   message

test:  create a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  add   indexes
truth:  add   snapshot

test:  find the parameter in the regular expression .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  parse   shared
truth:  parse   string

test:  gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   extract
truth:  gets   version

test:  make sure it uses the given color or return a valid color string .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  return   dtype
truth:  return   arg

test:  return a list of human-readable errors in the current series of formatting codes .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  formats   prioritized
truth:  formats   messages

test:  resnet-200 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  model   pushing
truth:  model   model

test:  make sure a running instance is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  enable   unmask
truth:  enable   profiles

test:  deploy the application to a file in one of the given file object .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   roundrobin
truth:  deploy   application

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  prints a config to the log file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  logs   ssl
truth:  logs   errors

test:  adds the specified headers to the given vary header .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  show the url with frappe for each url in the accounts .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  opens   access
truth:  opens   url

test:  wait until the user is running .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  make   empty
truth:  make   attempts

test:  parameters and return the social dataset using the render_injected reference .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  get   widening
truth:  get   location

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   filtering
truth:  edit   edit

test:  test task_instance .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  test   carry
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all inline files under the master .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   labeled
truth:  return   file

test:  read a list of float constants from iterable .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   pulls
truth:  read   null

test:  translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   instantiate
truth:  translate   arguments

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  checks   tracks
truth:  checks   urls

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  pulls   serialize
truth:  pulls   str

test:  adding adding the file case to the http case .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  check   labeled
truth:  check   file

test:  compile the string name using the supplied e-series code .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  given   batch
truth:  given   code

test:  compute the covariance matrix from a distance or between two points .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  pulls   small_stmts
truth:  pulls   line

test:  compute a general transform f(k) = fourier assignment .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   pulls
truth:  compute   null

test:  converts a bcd value to a decimal value .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  return the sokal-sneath of a given reference or a fraction .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  creates   throttle
truth:  creates   unit

test:  return the attribute of the graph .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  compute   defines
truth:  compute   attributes

test:  returns the plural values for a list .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  converts   enhanced
truth:  converts   object

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   pulls
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns 3 selection of two arrays .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  pulls   iterator
truth:  pulls   kernel

test:  allows html to check for string marker and typeconstraints with negative unicode objects .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  pulls   supports
truth:  pulls   text

test:  restful crud controller for checking that are used by the raw bus number .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  return   sparks
truth:  return   number

test:  computes the minkowski dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   rfc
truth:  computes   distance

test:  load a thread from a file .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  pulls   flip
truth:  pulls   python

test:  return the diff between the git and the right files in .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  compare   pulls
truth:  compare   null

test:  multi-dimensional convolve filter .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  pulls   described
truth:  pulls   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   eliminates
truth:  list   elements

test:  return samples from a file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   sleep
truth:  read   files

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against one or more variables parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  pulls   cleaning
truth:  pulls   matrix

test:  returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing filter .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  pulls   discover
truth:  pulls   closing

test:  does the does the c word have sensitive .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  this view is a proxy of git users to response .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  run   retrive
truth:  run   checks

test:  convert a string containing a datetime to a datetime object .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  convert   evacuate
truth:  convert   precision

test:  context manager that adds default app to your application .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  setup   induce
truth:  setup   testing

test:  unquoting -> babc def .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  pulls   depends
truth:  pulls   def

test:  this returns the snippet of the problem when the problem has been marked as a particular section .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  creates   aliased
truth:  creates   json

test:  validate html and return a string containing that it can be used as a valid html characters .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  searches through the available explorations .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   pulls
truth:  searches   null

test:  registers an image handler for the given handler .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  register   safe_octal
truth:  register   class

test:  return a list of all containers and that have a config .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  ensure   unpatch
truth:  ensure   matching

test:  return source line numbers for the line number of python dictionaries .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  return   export
truth:  return   tuple

test:  returns true if the filesystem or is a directory on the filesystem .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  prints the list of all the sql statements .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  print   highlight
truth:  print   row

test:  get a partition list of available partitions .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  return   rotated
truth:  return   partition

test:  return the slug from raw .
truth: get slug . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students grades grades and push the results to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  pulls   catch
truth:  pulls   course

test:  cleans the content of urllib2 .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  clean   access
truth:  clean   url

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  produce a compatible set of compatible sample images based on the original list of sample ids .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set the carried xml element .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   named
truth:  set   z

test:  specific namedtuple with a specific computenode or list of qstandarditemmodel .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  helper to convert a d to an integer representing the register_schema .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  retrieves instance type access by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   switch
truth:  retrieve   list

test:  return the getcfs key for a file .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  caches   pulls
truth:  caches   null

test:  find service by name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   redirecting
truth:  search   entity

test:  separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   reported
truth:  separate   function

test:  solve solve a: operations using the python code snippet to return a float that will return a list of strings and not install a float .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  see   pulls
truth:  see   null

test:  produce a failure in the struct format .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   pulls
truth:  code   null

test:  create a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  creates   listen
truth:  creates   key

test:  get an computenode or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   whiten
truth:  get   computenode

test:  tests that the four possible ways of the duration of the same format .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  return the path to a pwd directory that will be raised by the given context .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  convert a timestamp to integer or raise .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   capture
truth:  convert   bit

test:  the specified headers to the vary header then resource header .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  adds   pulls
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a dictionary with keys of the item in dictionaries .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  pulls   reallocation
truth:  pulls   collection

test:  return a list of all the sample actions randomly sampled drawn independently from the output of the command line .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   encapsulate
truth:  return   instance

test:  return a vlan to whether the vlan was modified multiple times in the vlan .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  return   requesting
truth:  return   i

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  returns the most appropriate options used for web server execution .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   forbid
truth:  returns   options

test:  check if installed link is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  check   pulls
truth:  check   null

test:  converts a string to a unicode string .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  converts   emitting
truth:  converts   character

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  returns the path to the control directory of this script .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  get   fill
truth:  get   pathname

test:  returns a list of parameters for the given lexer .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  get   results
truth:  get   keywords

test:  restart service via monit cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   chew
truth:  restart   service

test:  return a path to resource on vcr objects .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  fixture   unlinks
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator used to replace the decorated function with the arguments of the given function .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  decorates   write
truth:  decorates   dependencies

test:  return the operation on the operation of the operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  return   forms
truth:  return   result

test:  executes a setuptools package and install the path to the setuptools binary .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  make a class inheriting .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  set   safe_octal
truth:  set   class

test:  extract the task ids from a task .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   inverts
truth:  retrieve   statuses

test:  gets the fnpickle object and imports for the specified sizes .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  pickle   enhanced
truth:  pickle   object

test:  parses policy to the tree .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  parse   files
truth:  parse   check

test:  return the packet of a packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  converts   talk
truth:  converts   packet

test:  returns the network device version .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  return true if and only if the object is a list of addresses .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create a link .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  generate   uncheck
truth:  generate   element

test:  return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   converse
truth:  return   ratio

test:  displays the first word of a sound .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  testing   exposes
truth:  testing   values

test:  asset asset page .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   populating
truth:  update   info

test:  solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   limiting
truth:  solves   order

test:  setup iframe livestreamer livestreamer .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  creates   command
truth:  creates   session

test:  only run the decorated test in the lms test suite .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   carry
truth:  run   test

test:  return an integer representing the server status code .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  pulls   widgets
truth:  pulls   responses

test:  get the notification service notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   chew
truth:  get   service

test:  returns the directly of the given cache .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  returns   constrained
truth:  returns   functions

test:  get the output of all job ids in the path to the package .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  view   currents
truth:  view   state

test:  return the diff subnet group when it is known as a dictionary .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  same as sorted_list_difference but for lists of a common type .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  pulls   register
truth:  pulls   wrapper

test:  load language from frappe .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  returns   shared
truth:  returns   string

test:  engulfing pattern .
truth: advance block . 
test:  advance   converted
truth:  advance   block

test:  test event validator .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   lash
truth:  test   validation

test:  return a set of two times .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  adds   init
truth:  adds   modules

test:  write the snake_case to an error .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   optdict
truth:  write   lines

test:  get the product key for a program .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  have   inhibit
truth:  have   label

test:  get the implementation translation .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return the string signature of v2 v2 .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  sign   shared
truth:  sign   string

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  gets a group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   teardown
truth:  retrieves   type

test:  take an object and return the resulting values .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  pulls   forbid
truth:  pulls   options

test:  test hermite cardinal .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   deprecated
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  run a command and return its output with stdout .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  function   authorizes
truth:  function   command

test:  recursive helper for flattening .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   overlay
truth:  recursive   func

test:  updates the specified subnet cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  update   reduced
truth:  update   cli

test:  returns the image profile .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   wanted
truth:  returns   filename

test:  return the login class of the kernel is a dictionary .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  reload the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  obtain the uptime from the show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   pulls
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that 3 ways of a date .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  check   evacuate
truth:  check   precision

test:  if the request is not viewdefaults by a dotted class .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   generating
truth:  translate   shell

test:  return true if the python implementation is a python package .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  internal function .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

test:  display a sorted object that is from a file and the given text .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  query   signs
truth:  query   display

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   allocate
truth:  logs   user

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  adapted   extract
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set the maker predecessors to test controlller .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  change   grouping
truth:  change   system

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string does not contain unprintable control characters .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   shed
truth:  raises   exception

test:  check whether translation was active .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  check   enabled
truth:  check   nova

test:  this is called by the package when the package is installed .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  block   igor
truth:  block   device

test:  the python objects for the given module or uses it to write the current set of objects .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  set   satisfy
truth:  set   container

test:  computes decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  pulls   captures
truth:  pulls   w

test:  verify that a package is installed .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   unfollows
truth:  get   complex

test:  sends a bunch of warnings .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  context   fixes
truth:  context   manager

test:  write one folder to files .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  export   sleep
truth:  export   files

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   reverses
truth:  get   services

test:  apply the filter in reverse to the given data and return the selected one .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  apply   hits
truth:  apply   filter

test:  if any of the compr is set for this region .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   formatted
truth:  compute   rate

test:  computes the squared sum of a dense polynomial of a dense array .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  calculate   landing
truth:  calculate   sum

test:  start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   pulls
truth:  start   null

test:  displays a widget widget on the admin site settings .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  render   reserializes
truth:  render   widget

test:  list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  function   bartels
truth:  function   contents

test:  test unicode labels in python 2 .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  test   flip
truth:  test   python

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   pulls
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   pulls
truth:  send   null

test:  return the size in bytes represented by a human readable format .
truth: formats size . 
test:  formats   analyzes
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  formats   transliterate
truth:  formats   variable

test:  list all available volume names .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  list   aligns
truth:  list   volume

test:  returns the base update of arbitrary prototype .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  -   access
truth:  -   url

test:  check if a string is a valid web page .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  check   int
truth:  check   match

test:  try to pretty print out of unicode characters .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  see   flattens
truth:  see   output

test:  update a quotient in the plot .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  update   command
truth:  update   session

test:  return the list of known layers for this minion cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  returns   switch
truth:  returns   list

test:  returns the guid for an array with respect to one of anchor .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  pulls   oozebane
truth:  pulls   regression

test:  consecutive nested dictionary of the given dict .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  update   pulls
truth:  update   null

test:  retrieve all course cohorts for a course .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  get   switch
truth:  get   list

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   revoked
truth:  maps   details

test:  computes the permutations of the distance permutations of a tensor .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  check   uploads
truth:  check   factorization

test:  return all public certificates for use with the images api .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   gunzip
truth:  get   certificates

test:  adds a resource to media document .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  store   labeled
truth:  store   file

test:  helper using a interpolation of stc introduces .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  pulls   unlocking
truth:  pulls   source

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   debugging
truth:  get   dataset

test:  test that a package has a local setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  run the given stream .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  pulls   establishes
truth:  pulls   streams

test:  split a string into a set of keyword words .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   testsuites
truth:  split   keyword

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   rising
truth:  delete   group

test:  resolve a channel .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  pulls   looping
truth:  pulls   node

test:  writes message to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  output   shared
truth:  output   string

test:  create the object root of the repo .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  pulls   decompile
truth:  pulls   wiki

test:  get vlm_media instance playback instance or instance id if no instance is specified .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   sparks
truth:  get   number

test:  merge two or more entries into a single path where the entries are not just a collection of two lists .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  merge   unescaped
truth:  merge   entries

test:  combine a namespace name and return the resulting namespace name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolve   stores
truth:  resolve   name

test:  return a unique file name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  creates   stores
truth:  creates   name

test:  returns a pair of degrees degrees by a pair .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  takes   enroll
truth:  takes   iterator

test:  get the cubic path from the xmlelement .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  verify that the specified cron job is absent for the specified user; only the name of the specified user to remove mask .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  verifies   pulls
truth:  verifies   null

test:  find the first match for a given frame or a sparse frame .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   safe_octal
truth:  get   class

test:  warn about the iers .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  generate   eventlet
truth:  generate   warning

test:  convert the list of details to a string .
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  get   based
truth:  get   address

test:  parse the command line options :returns: the options manager .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parses   forbid
truth:  parses   options

test:  run the given profiler .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  given   directory

test:  parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   be
truth:  parses   acl

test:  evaluate functional composition f(g) in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   combine
truth:  evaluate   transformation

test:  creates and returns the openlabs script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   pulls
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a backwards compatibility function .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   retrying
truth:  is   compatibility

test:  updates the pkgutil repo database cli example: .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  updates   responds
truth:  updates   database

test:  this generator flattens nested containers such as .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  results for a given function before accessing a time in seconds .
truth: run some function . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  setup the usps' sensor .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  convert a native set to a python list object .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  create   switch
truth:  create   list

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   small_stmts
truth:  get   line

test:  find absolute user to use .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  get   crop
truth:  get   directory

test:  allocate a floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  list   adict
truth:  list   pools

test:  return absolute path to the file .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  pulls   define
truth:  pulls   path

test:  add a interfaces interface .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  bind   paging
truth:  bind   interface

test:  create a message .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  display   draft
truth:  display   prompt

test:  mark a task for all of its global task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  remove   reserializes
truth:  remove   widget

test:  create an api model .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  pulls   relying
truth:  pulls   login

test:  removes the string remove from the right of text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   shared
truth:  removes   string

test:  write statistics for a gcode file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  craft   labeled
truth:  craft   file

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   labeled
truth:  move   file

test:  returns the sum of values from the iterable .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  sum   eliminates
truth:  sum   elements

test:  write entities to csv file .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  extract   flow
truth:  extract   fields

test:  create a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   catching
truth:  update   quota

test:  retrieves the specified model .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  allocates   simplifying
truth:  allocates   range

test:  write a checkpoint .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  write   understemmed
truth:  write   results

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   transliterate
truth:  create   variable

test:  every object in the zip of a list of strings .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  pulls   restoring
truth:  pulls   data

test:  returns the arithmetic mean of a 2-d terminal .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  return a boto connection for a service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  return   trivial
truth:  return   connection

test:  retrieves all volumes belonging to a consistency group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   singular
truth:  retrieves   volumes

test:  test that a bug can be wider than empty .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   pass
truth:  test   document

test:  multiply the expression tree by a vector on the expression tree .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  applies   looking
truth:  applies   operator

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   marking
truth:  lists   qos

test:  resolves the path to the global resources for all resources .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  find   sleep
truth:  find   files

test:  test that social field can be tokenized .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   identifies
truth:  test   plugin

test:  decorator to support limited results class names to handle pprint and false on :class:~mongoengine passes like i18n_subsites .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  plugin   float
truth:  plugin   decorator

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  tests   mail
truth:  tests   creation

test:  computes the labels between x and labels .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  compute   centers
truth:  compute   labels

test:  validates that the keys arent in a dict .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  checks   pulls
truth:  checks   null

test:  add new image and set the host cache with it .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   aligns
truth:  create   volume

test:  return a new sentence-tokenized matrix with no effect .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  creates   analyze
truth:  creates   copy

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   lowering
truth:  load   postgres

test:  write 3 byte integer to a file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   linkify
truth:  write   integer

test:  remove a cluster .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   joins
truth:  remove   cluster

test:  for saving distribution will be installed in the given client .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  returns   define
truth:  returns   path

test:  a += is a time b to as a == b .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  pulls   cancels
truth:  pulls   typeerror

test:  runs a shell command in a working directory .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  write   batch
truth:  write   code

test:  a generator that produces a sequence of tuples of pairs .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  pulls   stubbed
truth:  pulls   headers

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   interfacing
truth:  remove   axes

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  returns a single zip file containing the provided directory and sources .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  generate   labeled
truth:  generate   file

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   enhanced
truth:  imports   object

test:  comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  comapare   bails
truth:  comapare   phrases

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   eliminates
truth:  extract   elements

test:  set the previously saved scalar .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   deconvolves
truth:  set   level

test:  return a dict describing all volume_types that have a given name .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   compose
truth:  return   usage

test:  register an discovery entry and cache its discovery .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  run   exclude
truth:  run   discovery

test:  return the hilbert prime of the integer tensor .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  compute   dumps
truth:  compute   signal

test:  return a lowercase of the string s .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  convert   bench
truth:  convert   value

test:  returns the actual ajax url for this query .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  return   access
truth:  return   url

test:  convert a mako of tokens into a multinomial expression structure that is suitable for access to the real device .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  get   lowercases
truth:  get   verbose

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  ensures   advised
truth:  ensures   commands

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   capturing
truth:  test   error

test:  associate the given security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  associate   rising
truth:  associate   group

test:  deletes an item at the given request .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  exposes   located
truth:  exposes   method

test:  simsam range of sample files .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  applies   simplifying
truth:  applies   range

test:  the user should be authorized to access other_application from the escaped dict .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  pulls   rectify
truth:  pulls   parser

test:  set a subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   stores
truth:  set   name

test:  test that a decides is properly split the number of data and that is in the local time .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   centers
truth:  test   labels

test:  estimate beta ridge ridge stochastic tensors .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  use   increment
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse the core site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   handles
truth:  parse   site

test:  return common configuration common that need to be used in <path> .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  removes a wsgi intercept call for host:port .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   drops
truth:  remove   call

test:  adds a message with the info level .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   randomise
truth:  adds   message

test:  find a filename in the given file by name .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  tests   wanted
truth:  tests   filename

test:  a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  pulls   float
truth:  pulls   decorator

test:  computes the length of the variable length for each other .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  returns   executed
truth:  returns   dictionary

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   enroll
truth:  returns   iterator

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  detect   batch
truth:  detect   code

test:  compile package instance and install :return: true if successful .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  compile   unload
truth:  compile   client

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  return   specified
truth:  return   fingerprint

test:  validates that the value to be authorized .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validate   offset
truth:  validate   parameters

test:  round a given pb2 mode or a pwd valueerror if needed .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  pulls   created
truth:  pulls   mode

test:  returns a value representing a given value .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  converts   bench
truth:  converts   value

test:  set new video spu .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   intercepts
truth:  set   subtitle

test:  cache project .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  cache   determine
truth:  cache   projects

test:  returns true if the filename matches any of the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  check   config
truth:  check   patterns

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  connect   deflate
truth:  connect   config

test:  decodes the value of a string .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   shared
truth:  decode   string

test:  generate a url for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  start   lstrip
truth:  start   set

test:  all available service view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  view   usage_key_string
truth:  view   view

test:  test installing with --compile for previously created scripts .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  test   pulls
truth:  test   null

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  handle a single text with a pyglet .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  pulls   fitnesse
truth:  pulls   events

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  delete   draws
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  returns the path to base x where the relative source file has an absolute path .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  generate sphinx version for sphinx .
truth: format sys . 
test:  format   inputhook
truth:  format   sys

test:  returns a 2-d array .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  returns   restrict
truth:  returns   array

test:  wrap a images with aws attached .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wrap   trivial
truth:  wrap   connection

test:  compute the binary classification of the distance between the two arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   attributes
truth:  given   arrays

test:  return a package version number for a package with the right version we know about a package .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  set a directory for a container .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  ensure a ensure option is present .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   currents
truth:  ensure   state

test:  attach a total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   exposes
truth:  attach   values

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   detects
truth:  test   color

test:  permanently delete the recommended for a location .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  deletes   restoring
truth:  deletes   data

test:  publish an exploration by the given criteria .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  pulls   coordinates
truth:  pulls   exploration

test:  calculate the maximum of cyclic for a set of cyclic .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  replace   providing
truth:  replace   tensor

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  show   collate
truth:  show   box

test:  compute the lmq energy for a given vel .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  returns   humanized
truth:  returns   energy

test:  generate the module for a given python file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  converts   access
truth:  converts   url

test:  a context manager that is needed to test the context for the given app .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the ssh_interface type to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   teardown
truth:  return   type

test:  get the section that a slug resolves to a slug .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  search   xlsx
truth:  search   query

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  filename   enhanced
truth:  filename   object

test:  returns the requests tuple auth for a given url for a given url if netrc is you v .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  returns   iterate
truth:  returns   auth

test:  this method will check the currently installed output devices with the specified time to reuse the device and has expired devices .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  pulls   igor
truth:  pulls   device

test:  returns a tuple representing the users iterated .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  reads   executed
truth:  reads   dictionary

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  pulls   classpath
truth:  pulls   delivery

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  create rpc object for use with the images api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   enhanced
truth:  creates   object

test:  return the default access key for the script .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  attempt   emit
truth:  attempt   access

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  top expansion of a linear form metric to bounds parameters x : array_like sequence of subclass coefficients returns knot : ndarray covariance of the distance matrix you want to compute
truth: given data x . 
test:  given   restoring
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid for a container name container name or id cli example: .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  returns   snaps
truth:  returns   pid

test:  return the top data for a specific kwargs['opts'] .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  run   authorizes
truth:  run   command

test:  use this resourcetype to be run once according to reinitialize .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  monkeypatch   extract
truth:  monkeypatch   version

test:  install the zipextimporter handler for testing .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  take   restart
truth:  take   account

test:  determines the backup of the given dir .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  figure   stores
truth:  figure   name

test:  initialize the module .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  initialize   pulls
truth:  initialize   null

test:  calls active and return a l{deferred} that will abort if the reactor fails .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  adds   statsd
truth:  adds   timeout

test:  create a tuple from a json file .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  convert   restoring
truth:  convert   data

test:  create a that uses a pending worker to create a pending account .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  create   pulls
truth:  create   null

test:  deprecated: do not already exists .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   switch
truth:  print   list

test:  returns a primary key for primary and string .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   bench
truth:  returns   value

test:  decorator for tests in the single test .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  runs   flask
truth:  runs   times

test:  computes the circular variance of an array of circular which is in the given axes .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  return   simplifying
truth:  return   range

test:  check whether a course has been published in studio .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  find   pulls
truth:  find   null

test:  compute the inverse inverse transform of f(s) over threshold .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  compute   labels
truth:  compute   transform

test:  like unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  call   serialize
truth:  call   str

test:  set the css of a new css file .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  convert a brightness from analog to brightness using a comparing comparing algorithm .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  defines   exhaust
truth:  defines   conversion

test:  return true if the object is an instance of type .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  return   enhanced
truth:  return   object

test:  return a matplotlib color with a certain color .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  produces   representing
truth:  produces   specification

test:  create an image file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   shuffle
truth:  creates   temp

test:  return the solver object .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  get   splitting
truth:  get   surface

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression arrow id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  pulls   sums
truth:  pulls   expression

test:  returns true if we know for certain that we can introspect this field .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  save and restart the provided plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  saves   identifies
truth:  saves   plugin

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  update available modules that have been available for a given tempest .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  set   init
truth:  set   modules

test:  returns a mask from a given mask .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  compute   blend
truth:  compute   mask

test:  return the first element of the previous colx .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   install
truth:  return   response

test:  create a bastion .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  convert text into an iterator of edns case .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  convert   thrusting
truth:  convert   space

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   patched
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a phone number is a valid number .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  tests   sparks
truth:  tests   number

test:  returns the closed address on a system .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  returns   noise
truth:  returns   macos

test:  decorator to add a function to a single method or method .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  register   rescales
truth:  register   event

test:  get all available widgets widgets .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  returns   lstrip
truth:  returns   set

test:  prepare a wmt file and turn it into a new location and train the number of training data .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  get   restoring
truth:  get   data

test:  display an invitation error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  returns   storing
truth:  returns   template

test:  extract the binary .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  put   pulls
truth:  put   null

test:  generate a g_{n from graph g and gzip lines .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  read   labeled
truth:  read   file

test:  format a babel number for a string .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  split argument into list of b .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   craft
truth:  split   expr

test:  create a custom field for use with functional argument to tell a cookie cookie .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  create   flattening
truth:  create   field

test:  push a pydata to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  push   analyze
truth:  push   copy

test:  prints the key environment as a specified wsgi environment .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  dump   unquoting
truth:  dump   environment

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   logs
truth:  generate   vertices

test:  return the text if subplot appears to be converted to a maximum number of characters .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  pulls   shared
truth:  pulls   string

test:  builds a provider location that is built with the provider and its id .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  builds   aligns
truth:  builds   volume

test:  make a tarball .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  create   labeled
truth:  create   file

test:  create loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   reproduces
truth:  create   loops

test:  unary_expression : plusplus unary_expression rparen .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  return the number of hqe percentage based on the segment .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  computes   preloading
truth:  computes   host

test:  build a query from the right list of query tuples .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  build   blocks
truth:  build   representation

test:  set the range of the range of the range .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   simplifying
truth:  set   range

test:  a path for the hadoop specified .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  implements   pulls
truth:  implements   null

test:  run the given applescript .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  function   pulls
truth:  function   null

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   freezing
truth:  validate   configuration

test:  plot 250 legends for tail .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   restoring
truth:  plot   data

test:  decorator to skip test if svd is false .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  pulls   binhexed
truth:  pulls   tests

test:  return the textual representation of logging level level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   blocks
truth:  return   representation

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  calls   tear
truth:  calls   module

test:  returns an integer representing the encryption key and a dict of encryption key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  builds   stubbed
truth:  builds   headers

test:  clears internal caches for the writeable image .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clears   phred
truth:  clears   caches

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is no values as its values .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   summarize
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  generates a random string of specified length .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  creates   shared
truth:  creates   string

test:  checks that an exception is raised in the context of the permission .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  fail   shed
truth:  fail   exception

test:  run a function and retry it while getting eintr errors .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  restart   drops
truth:  restart   call

test:  return a list of all tests in the given suffix .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  attempt to load a class from a dotted path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  loads   safe_octal
truth:  loads   class

test:  gpu convolution gradient with respect to input using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  sets   pulls
truth:  sets   null

test:  decorator for concrete volume groups .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  pulls   trending
truth:  pulls   driver

test:  returns the string with constant level and the constant pointed to symbols .
truth: some functions . 
test:  pulls   constrained
truth:  pulls   functions

test:  entry point for conversion process .
truth: main program . 
test:  pulls   initializes
truth:  pulls   program

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  splodge   del
truth:  splodge   gcode

test:  test with non sparse input .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   simulating
truth:  test   input

test:  returns a list of the shortest degree of g .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  generate   preface
truth:  generate   degree

test:  return the install metadata for the given dist .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   clearing
truth:  return   meta

test:  validate the tax if it is valid .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  validate   sparks
truth:  validate   number

test:  return the tetrahedral graph with a cycle .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  returns the path to the plot of this script .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   define
truth:  return   path

test:  return the python version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   extract
truth:  returns   version

test:  test that the base group can be non-synchronous out of the directory: group .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  url   pulls
truth:  url   null

test:  check if two objects types are changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  check   remounts
truth:  check   obj

test:  compute the matching the correct et al .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  compute   raise
truth:  compute   term

test:  emulates the behavior of mkdir -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  like   pulls
truth:  like   null

test:  decipher sum of n items for x**n .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  return   pulls
truth:  return   null

test:  take a scalar python value and return a string representing the corresponding amazon dynamodb type .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   bench
truth:  take   value

test:  splits title containing a string into a list of title and titles .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  split   shared
truth:  split   string

test:  return a new primaryjoin .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  converts   pulls
truth:  converts   null

test:  create a directory and all its subdirectories inside it .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  ensure   crop
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization datasources .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  list   pulls
truth:  list   null

test:  launch an editor from a qaction .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  launch   pulls
truth:  launch   null

test:  returns the list of all the collections with the given service .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  returns   place
truth:  returns   generator

test:  check if a csv file is valid .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  ensure   stored
truth:  ensure   #

test:  check for opennebula configs .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  check   cleaned
truth:  check   configurations

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   offset
truth:  take   parameters

test:  extracts a single form from a given file .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extract   whiteboard
truth:  extract   payload

test:  turn on root handlers into a single zip .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  replace   backported
truth:  replace   handlers

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   expect
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the openweathermap sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   retain
truth:  setup   platform

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   configured
truth:  convert   tree

test:  displays the date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   temperature
truth:  displays   date

test:  convert a key or its type string to a list of dicts .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  validates   switch
truth:  validates   list

test:  convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  convert   linkify
truth:  convert   integer

test:  read in the signal python implementation for an item if it exists .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  load   define
truth:  load   path

test:  determines if the given flags .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  verify   downloading
truth:  verify   package

test:  obtain the lock from the lock .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  finds   search
truth:  finds   d

test:  returns the latest version of the latest version of the latest availiable version .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  return   extract
truth:  return   version

test:  fix types of itertools .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  indicates   enhanced
truth:  indicates   object

test:  returns an application identity to an app app and a python identity instance for the given app .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   capturing
truth:  translate   error

test:  dynamically load the class from the given path "myapp .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  pulls   safe_octal
truth:  pulls   class

test:  calls a function in a thread and passes it in a thread .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  run   reported
truth:  run   function

test:  export stats for use as a string .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  stats   been
truth:  stats   format

test:  delete an image from gce .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  handles python 2 .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  pulls   pulls
truth:  pulls   null

test:  convert everything written to its appropriate for inclusion in a string .
truth: get opt . 
test:  get   pulls
truth:  get   null

test:  ensures that the datasetkfold is disinherit .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  ensure   enhanced
truth:  ensure   object

test:  convert a string of bytes to a valid name .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  translate   sparks
truth:  translate   number

test:  updates global state when a task has been reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   currents
truth:  updates   state

test:  provided report about the metadata for db purposes .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  accept   pulls
truth:  accept   null

test:  check whether log translations are passed to the merchant style .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  -   prioritized
truth:  -   messages

test:  build a worker worker that dont know if there already present .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  perform   stripping
truth:  perform   step

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  code   batch
truth:  code   code

test:  construct a mirror from the volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  constructs   aligns
truth:  constructs   volume

test:  maximum of array a given array a and b .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  check   enhance
truth:  check   items

test:  loads the module .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   tear
truth:  load   module

test:  reset scores for a user .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  set   mocks
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a game to the lists for the right _fixup_ins_del_tags; string .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  splits   shared
truth:  splits   string

test:  membership controller - uses the csv file .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  pulls   touch
truth:  pulls   controller

test:  wrap a service so it gets turned into command automatically .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  wrap   advised
truth:  wrap   commands

test:  build a string from a binary timezone offset .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  builds   utf-8
truth:  builds   argument

test:  returns true if this xblock has visibility limited to the required keys .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   bdecodes
truth:  returns   xblock

test:  returns an iterator over all of the names and return a list of names .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  opens   wanted
truth:  opens   filename

test:  update the dmg dmg in the dmg file .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   tabulate
truth:  update   makefile

test:  return a list of all lsmod .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   tile
truth:  return   information

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   flow
truth:  create   fields

test:  if the format is a valid format then formats that match the best hash .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  loop   disallow
truth:  loop   identifiers

test:  returns the message storage on the given page name .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   gauss
truth:  returns   strings

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   pulls
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids vlanids .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   pulls
truth:  gets   null

test:  enforces limits of characters in counter to cross strings .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  pulls   located
truth:  pulls   method

test:  kill the pid of process with the given pid .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  kill   snaps
truth:  kill   pid

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  pulls   unlinks
truth:  pulls   fixture

test:  returns a dictionary of the mapping file of the mapping .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  processes   switch
truth:  processes   list

test:  checks if a string is a jid .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  returns   pulls
truth:  returns   null

test:  tests for a cluster option .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  obtain   joins
truth:  obtain   cluster

test:  convert emr to emr .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  pulls   establish
truth:  pulls   py

test:  returns true if the field has the same field name .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  return   flattening
truth:  return   field

test:  register a new class to be class upon with the given name .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   lets
truth:  register   handler

test:  return true if a string is a list of ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  return   based
truth:  return   address

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  pulls   wheather
truth:  pulls   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   fixes
truth:  create   manager

test:  a decorator to make a multiscope endpoint for an http release .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  generate   access
truth:  generate   url

test:  returns a string with random word .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  generates   shared
truth:  generates   string

test:  get the slice of an object along slices .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  slice   releases
truth:  slice   axis

test:  adds a scheme to a url to the provided url to the scheme .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  redirects   allocate
truth:  redirects   user

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   reduced
truth:  stop   cli

test:  include batch of characters to include a batch of binary string .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  pulls   reported
truth:  pulls   function

test:  extracts the list from a list of 2-element tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  recreate   switch
truth:  recreate   list

test:  execute the command to run the output .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  pulls   paging
truth:  pulls   interface

test:  returns the base domain name for the domain .
truth: for example . 
test:  pulls   embedded
truth:  pulls   example

test:  extract classpath information from a url .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  convert   pulls
truth:  convert   null

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   dotted
truth:  indicate   relationship

test:  return a list of all python files for a given subdirectory .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  return   switch
truth:  return   list

test:  it should crash when the an email address is found .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  lettuce   pulls
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  return an open hash to a panel-like socket .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  execute   unload
truth:  execute   client

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  use   flattening
truth:  use   field

test:  return options used for the rawfile_json returner .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   forbid
truth:  get   options

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   negate
truth:  delete   resource

test:  returns true if the supplied point is a list of namespaces .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  split   labeled
truth:  split   file

test:  convert column into a numpy array with the column column of column calculation .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  get   mutate
truth:  get   column

test:  test filter x by the musicbrainz axis .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  apply   pulls
truth:  apply   null

test:  computes the trimmed mean squared log of the values in the passed array .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  stacks   pulls
truth:  stacks   null

test:  score the given status message through the given status .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  given   r^2
truth:  given   form

test:  return a link to the desired site .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  get   define
truth:  get   path

test:  convert images to a new image or a gapic .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  function   reported
truth:  function   function

