test:  reorder a list of reorder classes .
truth: reorders a test suite by test type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reorders   a

test:  returns the first item in a list .
truth: returns the first item in a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the rfxtrx platform .
truth: setup the rfxtrx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  maps the given dict of subsets to the results of data .
truth: updates the probes dictionary with different levels of default values . 
test:  test   use
truth:  updates   updates

test:  test creating records from existing dataframe .
truth: test creating chart data source from array of dicts . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  attach watching user voters to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach votes count to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   votes

test:  adds a theme locales for each theme .
truth: add locale paths to settings for comprehensive theming . 
test:  add   create
truth:  add   locale

test:  try to guess the autoescape type of a template .
truth: turn auto-escape on/off based on the file type . 
test:  guess   guess
truth:  turn   null

test:  convert a fully path to a dictionary of bytes .
truth: convert path to a local filesystem path relative to base_folder . 
test:  convert   like
truth:  convert   path

test:  open an reading file in a text file .
truth: wrapper function to search one dir above if a file does not exist . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  open a resource file given by resource .
truth: open a resource file given by pathname . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  deletes a vhost vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost cli example: .
truth: delete a policy based on rabbitmqctl clear_policy . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get hexagonal grid .
truth: get rectangular grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  scale and convert a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  display   prints
truth:  null   bottom

test:  return a screenshot definition instance for the specified step .
truth: useful method for debugging acceptance tests that are run in vagrant . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  null   method

test:  run a program and return the program .
truth: if path is a valid vcs repository . 
test:  generate   run
truth:  if   path

test:  request a problem to be entrance as a background task .
truth: request entrance exam problems to be re-scored as a background task . 
test:  request   a
truth:  request   entrance

test:  override this test .
truth: redefine this fixture to configure the test celery app . 
test:  redefine   null
truth:  redefine   null

test:  decorator for filters which should be used to mark a function or method as a deep account .
truth: a decorator to place an instance-based lock around a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  destroy all quotas associated with a given project .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a date object for a smtp format .
truth: copied from win_system . 
test:  return   function
truth:  copied   null

test:  install the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: install the kqueue() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  converts a recipe id into a beaker path for cacheing id .
truth: converts task id into a beaker path to result file given a recipe id and a task id . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   task

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  return a set of saturation of the nodes in g .
truth: iterates over all the nodes of g in "saturation order" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  iterates   null

test:  change process and group all the user under which to .
truth: init process group permissions . 
test:  return   groups
truth:  process   process

test:  this is a associate method to read the current user and cache the anonymous line .
truth: set a wsdl method with wsdl namespace and wsdl name returns added method / existing method if already in the map note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  testing   product
truth:  set   a

test:  escape a string in a similar string .
truth: escape a byte string so that it can be written into c code . 
test:  form   convert
truth:  escape   a

test:  determine the white for a set .
truth: inner covariance matrix for white heteroscedastistity sandwich parameters x : ndarray or data . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   covariance

test:  returns true if the value contains the given value contains a given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location contains the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   check
truth:  succeed   null

test:  find the indices of the indices of a tree .
truth: finds indices in sorted array of integers . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  indices   indices

test:  destroys a session .
truth: disconnect api connection . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  disconnect   api

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test verifying user using verify_user function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  verifying   test

test:  fix the special text between files and does .
truth: fix line ending of content by changing it to . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  fix   line

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences n318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  split a string or a field of bytes this takes a field and returns a dictionary of keywords and returns a dictionary of pairs .
truth: split and strip keywords . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  split   split

test:  execute a single container .
truth: common logic for nspawn . 
test:  run   run
truth:  null   logic

test:  return a file url from a file url with the received .
truth: return a file:// url to the given local path . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  converts existing request to a list of tuples .
truth: convert request params based on function annotations . 
test:  to   exception
truth:  request   request

test:  return the time of the main slice .
truth: return tuple describing the current slice given slice width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  evaluate estimator on sparse .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  subset   subset

test:  executes a blend crossover on a a a individuals .
truth: executes a uniform crossover that modify in place the two :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  executes   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  return a tuple that is the same name of the arguments .
truth: given an order_by tuple such as reverse the ordering and return a new tuple . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the coffee coffee .
truth: returns the boost used in elasticsearch for this app . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle_fatal_exc form of left .
truth: decorate a function to raise an error for values > limit . 
test:  null   lhs
truth:  decorate   a

test:  build a => list of patterns for a given name .
truth: build a or pattern string from a list of possible patterns . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  build   a

test:  entry point for starting an email address .
truth: ansible dynamic inventory experimentation output dynamic inventory as json from statically defined data structures . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  max production .
truth: apply max_staleness . 
test:  null   max_staleness
truth:  apply   max_staleness

test:  task to start page start page start .
truth: start tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  to   null
truth:  start   start

test:  generate the bootstrap from the list of b1 that have the right behaves for deployment .
truth: yields num_reps random samples drawn with replacement from x and y . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  yields   null

test:  return available manager manager from targets .
truth: return the integration manager for review board . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  utility function to get the request value for a request .
truth: retrieves the value of key from configuration in the following order: - from the session; if not found there then - from cookies; if not found there then - from the settings file if search_in_settings is true . 
test:  setting   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  a helper for defining group .
truth: defines an option in the global namespace . 
test:  define   a
truth:  defines   null

test:  check whether a network is installed and has different probability .
truth: check if a base addess of e network is compatible with a prefixlen . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list servers servers for haproxy backend haproxy haproxy backend haproxy haproxy stats socket cli example: .
truth: list servers in haproxy backend . 
test:  installed   wrapper
truth:  list   servers

test:  replace :func:os .
truth: replace :func:os . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  recursively walk a directory and all files and toolsource any existing files .
truth: recursively go through a directory . 
test:  join   up
truth:  go   null

test:  return a file hash for the given file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   load
truth:  return   a

test:  verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cxxflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  make matched text .
truth: swap the case of the matched text . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  swap   swap

test:  solves a rational function .
truth: a helper function for expm_2009 . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  outputs the first variable passed that is not false .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  shared secret of views .
truth: login via an account recovery link . 
test:  warnings   null
truth:  null   login

test:  compute square-free norm of f .
truth: compute square-free norm of f . 
test:  accept   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return true if the task is visible in this context .
truth: return true if the task is visible in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the correlation matrix inplace .
truth: correlation of two random expressions . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume .
truth: get all backups belonging to a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  up the keyboard button for muting volume .
truth: press the keyboard button for volume up . 
test:  press   press
truth:  press   press

test:  remove endpoints which are added to the path endpoints .
truth: remove endpoints which are added to the path . 
test:  remove   endpoints
truth:  remove   endpoints

test:  returns a tgrep2 action function that returns a formatted string .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the conjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  is   multiple
truth:  builds   a

test:  test to catch and after a process .
truth: run geonodes integration test suite against the external apps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   geonodes

test:  norm squared error function .
truth: compute the euclidean or frobenius norm of x . 
test:  complete   norm
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dictionaries describe their difference for nested dictionaries . 
test:  to   inverse
truth:  given   null

test:  take the value passed as the destination .
truth: take the value passed . 
test:  sets   changes
truth:  take   null

test:  convert an iterable to bytes .
truth: convert a sequence to a bytes type . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  attempt to threads threads thread .
truth: shuts down the worker and data source threads . 
test:  socket   a
truth:  shuts   null

test:  get the fully qualified name for this module .
truth: returns version information for single module . 
test:  password   null
truth:  returns   version

test:  get the class name .
truth: simplified version of c{l{withattribute}} when matching on a div class - made difficult because c{class} is a reserved word in python . 
test:  get   data
truth:  simplified   version

test:  shut down the system and wait for the wait function .
truth: shutdown a running system delay : int optional wait time in seconds before the system will be shutdown . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  returns a sorted list .
truth: sort a list of elements that have priority attributes . 
test:  null   send
truth:  sort   a

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler scale deployments in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-builder perform builds in openshift for the job . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup format with remote data .
truth: enable / disable sidebar items . 
test:  setup   runs
truth:  enable   enable

test:  generate a random password from the supplied set of raw alphabet to a random password .
truth: generate a password and hash it . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the action path .
truth: return full absolute path of libs for an action . 
test:  get   detail
truth:  return   return

test:  enable or disable deinterlace filter .
truth: enable or disable deinterlace filter . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  wrap a function with a json .
truth: all api requests should return json objects . 
test:  error   function
truth:  null   api

test:  download a file thru the current figure .
truth: run the local scp command to download a file or directory from a remote host and kill it if the reactor stops . 
test:  block   download
truth:  run   run

test:  set the command-line method .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of python packages from the python path .
truth: return pythonpath environment variable value for the new sandboxed environment . 
test:  get   path
truth:  return   pythonpath

test:  returns true if slug is a numerical .
truth: returns whether the slug can be interpreted as a number . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set vault to a value in configuring .
truth: set a key/value pair in the vault service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  find a function in a dictionary and dictionary arguments a function that may find a function and dictionary arguments in a function that may not be used in a dictionary
truth: find a parameter in tuple and dictionary arguments a function receives . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  create a network group .
truth: create a security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  retrieves the relative private key from the port port .
truth: turn a port number into a device name . 
test:  generates   translate
truth:  turn   a

test:  assert that object is a certain attribute of the given object .
truth: checks that all names in in_ as in obj . 
test:  asserts   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert a native set .
truth: convert native set *val* to a set object . 
test:  evaluate   fetch
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  compute the dominating set .
truth: finds a dominating set for the graph g . 
test:  uses   data
truth:  finds   a

test:  remove small objects .
truth: remove connected components smaller than the specified size . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  connected   remove

test:  returns the redirect to the given url for the current section .
truth: returns the redirect url back to courseware args: course_id: course id string location: the location id of course component raises: itemnotfounderror if no data at the location or nopathtoitem if location not in any class returns: redirect url string . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  disable a node from the user .
truth: disable termination protection on a node cli example: . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  disable   termination

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  changes the directory path .
truth: prepends the options that represent filesystem paths with value of the root_dir option . 
test:  generates   download
truth:  null   null

test:  update an sqlite3 link for the window .
truth: set x window properties on the window with the specified id . 
test:  set   decodes
truth:  set   x

test:  create a sequence with a given partition .
truth: create dask from python sequence this sequence should be relatively small in memory . 
test:  pads   a
truth:  create   dask

test:  get hosts with a search xfs name .
truth: resolve a name to a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   a

test:  formats a list of fragments for a given family .
truth: returns the phases of the given list of 3-letter amino acid fragments . 
test:  extract   multiple
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a mock list of hadoop to the hadoop .
truth: add mock output which will be used by the next fake streaming job that mockhadoop will run . 
test:  given   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  expected inclusion_explicit_no_context __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_explicit_no_context __doc__ . 
test:  expected   flag
truth:  expected   null

test:  gets a form for a django model class .
truth: create form from peewee model and contribute extra fields . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  form   form

test:  convert a file path to a folder by preserving name .
truth: determine if filename is located under path structure . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clear all the available view .
truth: delete all resource views . 
test:  clear   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if specified port is not installed .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a two-coloring two-coloring for all nodes in the graph .
truth: find all-pairs shortest path lengths using floyds algorithm . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  parses a dictionary of python objects and returns a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: writes appstats data to file . 
test:  output   a
truth:  writes   appstats

test:  return the symbol for a given scalar .
truth: replace a symbol definition with an elementwise version of the corresponding scalar op . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  replace   a

test:  returns the path of the page with the given config .
truth: return the complete input/output paths for the supplied page . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the inline inline inline for a given tenant .
truth: set up neutron credentials . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  set   up

test:  adds a new .
truth: enqueue method to be executed using a background worker . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   method

test:  helper function to return the user for a given email address .
truth: look up a user by email . 
test:  given   email
truth:  look   up

test:  use the custom xor method .
truth: returns the function qualifier as a version or alias or none . 
test:  module   attempts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  show legend for a legend .
truth: utility function to show legend . 
test:  show   show
truth:  function   function

test:  prepare the current context .
truth: replace :func:time . 
test:  sleep   sleep
truth:  replace   replace

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of documents . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  list of modules .
truth: modules header block . 
test:  print   list
truth:  header   header

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  loads a pickle file .
truth: load a previously saved object from file parameters fname : str filename to unpickle notes this method can be used to load *both* models and results . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   a

test:  update a metadef or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update a namespace or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  remove a variable in the make .
truth: remove a value from a variable in the make . 
test:  match   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  remove latex formatting from mathtext .
truth: remove latex formatting from mathtext . 
test:  latex   latex
truth:  latex   latex

test:  display a boolean display for each line title in the agreement .
truth: display all control character indicies . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   display

test:  set the current database to the latest setting .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  update   update

test:  calculate the diversity into a list of pairs of permutations .
truth: given a pareto front first_front and the two extreme points of the optimal pareto front . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  writes an error message handler based on the file_client errors .
truth: checks a security osstatus error code and throws an exception if there is an error to report . 
test:  name   exception
truth:  checks   a

test:  flag for a windows flag .
truth: create verify flag file or return true if it already exists . 
test:  if   get
truth:  verify   create

test:  return the list of bits that are not used by the mutant .
truth: return the default list used for the required_together argument to ansiblemodule . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generates a unique group title for a group .
truth: return a title for the given group factory stub object . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  obtain a data file from the given spider .
truth: traverse a directory and call blaze . 
test:  to   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generator that returns all dependencies of a compiler as a list .
truth: compute the strict compile target dependencies for this target . 
test:  returns   target
truth:  compute   compute

test:  validates all exploration in one collection that are present in this collection .
truth: validates that explorations in a given collection are public . 
test:  use   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within verbosity quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within single quotes . 
test:  testing   feature
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get the task info of a task .
truth: get task info for task with given task id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   task

test:  return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns .
truth: return a list of views from a list of urlpatterns . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a timestamp to a timezone-aware timestamp .
truth: return a timestamp as a nicely formated datetime string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of ports ports that occur from the graph .
truth: return the given nodes input and output ports the return value is the dictionaries . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the subset of the list names that match pat .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns equation for asshole .
truth: get equation for polar azimuth . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a node . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  pack a entez .
truth: pack object o and write it to stream see :class:packer for options . 
test:  serialize   hex
truth:  object   object

test:  override and parametrize default implementation for tests .
truth: override and parametrize default config fixture for all series tests . 
test:  fixture   start
truth:  override   override

test:  wrapper to create a processor .
truth: build an absolute url containing the full url to the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  test svn from svn .
truth: test uninstalling an editable installation from svn . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstalling   uninstalling

test:  simple function that returns the list of patterns for simple patterns .
truth: very simple patterns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items .
truth: dependencies are expressed as a dictionary whose keys are items and whose values are a set of dependent items . 
test:  null   dependencies
truth:  are   dependencies

test:  delete packages which were automatically installed as dependencies the path to the user jail the path to the command .
truth: displays which package installed a specific file cli example: . 
test:  remote   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev for either a scalar or an expression .
truth: conjugate spherical harmonics defined as . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   conjugate

test:  convert a registry keys or a dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sync returner modules from salt://_grains to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync .
truth: sync engines from salt://_engines to the master saltenv : base the fileserver environment from which to sync . 
test:  sync   grains
truth:  sync   sync

test:  catches a assertionerror .
truth: for internal use only . 
test:  wrap   errors
truth:  null   null

test:  deserialize any pending contributors to their user .
truth: view helper that returns a list of user objects from a list of serialized users . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   helper

test:  returns an objects id for a bokeh object .
truth: returns a unique identifier for the object to be used in disqus javascript . 
test:  returns   mark
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid raise .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid raise . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  factory that returns a string or a string that can be used as a validator validator .
truth: parameters _type - a type to be compared against (e . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   parameters

test:  creates a new database with the given name .
truth: similar to exp_create but blocking . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  wrapper to ipexec .
truth: utility to call ipython filename and validate output/error . 
test:  input   image
truth:  to   utility

test:  convert ix to ix .
truth: we likely want to take the cross-product . 
test:  apply   options
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  returns a list of gettext bidi .
truth: override for djangos get_language_bidi thats aware of more rtl languages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  override   override

test:  utility function to get resources from the system .
truth: iterate over all files and build a dict of udid -> last-seen-timestamp . 
test:  null   list
truth:  iterate   null

test:  wrap a function .
truth: augment functools . 
test:  wrap   authentication
truth:  null   functools

test:  get the network device for the specified host or list of hosts .
truth: retrieve information on esxi or vcenter network dump collection and format it into a dictionary . 
test:  to   object
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  yaml: live live results for the live plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <log+parser+plugin> plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: live-screenshot show live screenshots of running jobs in the job list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string with markers converted to nulls .
truth: insert before markmin control characters: :*~[]{}@$ . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  insert   insert

test:  pickle a string to a null-terminated .
truth: reduce the given cstringi . 
test:  function   return
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return the object .
truth: psutil 2 compatibility layer . 
test:  take   function
truth:  null   psutil

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: returns random filename as string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generator for getting a list of python code .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  searches   python

test:  return information about the named media as a json string representation .
truth: return information about the named media as a json string representation . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   information

test:  remove *offset* .
truth: deletes dev files . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   dev

test:  return a ca understands with all items in the string .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional c array with shape s . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns true if there is a valid arithmetic operator .
truth: return true if line contains any arithmetic operators . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decodes a value to json and encodes it using json .
truth: serializes a value to json . 
test:  null   alf_exceptions
truth:  serializes   a

test:  given a show name in a show scene .
truth: build internal name cache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   build

test:  set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  waits for either timeout seconds to be available .
truth: wait until a function finishes . 
test:  wait   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a list of xmodule urls for the given pipeline .
truth: returns a list of the urls to hit to grab all the xmodule js . 
test:  use   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  sends an email to your broken .
truth: break email sending . 
test:  send   i
truth:  email   email

test:  returns a list of templates for the given host .
truth: given a template name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager .
truth: build a testcase for verifying that an implementation of icindervolumemanager adheres to that interface . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  read graph in p2g format from path .
truth: read graph in p2g format from path . 
test:  read   graph
truth:  read   graph

test:  return a theano variable that is a theano cast[theano integer .
truth: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  return   null
truth:  casts   a

test:  context manager for setting the given output groups to true .
truth: context manager for setting the given output groups to false . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  updates a valid network acl for a given network acl .
truth: replaces a network acl entry . 
test:  create   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of success with table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  testing   testing

test:  return the name of the template value for the given kind .
truth: returns a _apevalue subclass or raises valueerror . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  create translated revision .
truth: return a revision that is the translation of a default-language one . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   a

test:  apply migrations to snipmate .
truth: apply migrations for admission plugin facts . 
test:  apply   plot
truth:  apply   migrations

test:  test that you use the vm from vm to use .
truth: dont log until there was an error . 
test:  test   test
truth:  log   log

test:  converts a timedelta instance to seconds .
truth: convert a timedelta to seconds . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register ovs capabilities .
truth: register linux bridge capabilities . 
test:  register   ovs
truth:  register   linux

test:  returns a hash of the css selectors of a given document .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  mutation that the value in the datastore .
truth: adds or remove an item from an individual . 
test:  time   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external dependencies:: virtual package as a list of /en/project0/project0 cli example: .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a set of domain definitions for a given domain or domain .
truth: computes groebner basis for a set of polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  computes   groebner

test:  convert non-central moments to cumulants as moments .
truth: convert non-central moments to cumulants recursive formula produces as many cumulants as moments url#cumulants_and_moments . 
test:  converts   compute
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parses a fast_reader header into a tuple with lines separated by the appropriate timeout timeout .
truth: take the given chunk of lines and turn it into a test data dictionary [] -> {str:} . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  take   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  test if the given usable or not .
truth: return true if the author is this content is the passed user . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  like tornado .
truth: test text when status is changed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  text   text

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  reachable updates a calendar index for each calendar in the calendar .
truth: persists new or updated calendar objects to the database . 
test:  null   a
truth:  persists   new

test:  return a actors .
truth: determine a correct web template set . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  determine   a

test:  remove the file after the given path .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return information on a summary of the user .
truth: retrieve the netstat informations of the given process name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of the entire vector needed for display .
truth: returns a model of e-mail messages . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  insert a new query into the database .
truth: generic insert/create/update query against the loaded database . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  given an iterable of tuples .
truth: convert a dict of arrays to a list of tuples . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper for "qualified tags .
truth: converts a list of tag objects into a comma-separated slug list . 
test:  convert   hex
truth:  converts   a

test:  remove the location from the current machine .
truth: delete a file or directory either locally or on s3 . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  return sys .
truth: get sys . 
test:  get   method
truth:  get   sys

test:  binary binary representation of binary data .
truth: convert a binary array into its integer representation . 
test:  int   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a file-like object from a file or a file-like object .
truth: load data from a pickle file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  return an instance of all plugins within a template mapping .
truth: get all the template functions declared by plugins as a dictionary . 
test:  update   a
truth:  get   get

test:  writes a callback to the feather-format .
truth: callback function to ensure that write support is only enabled if user repeats a long string this call back checks whether the user really wants write support and then either enables it by changing the option to store_true . 
test:  write   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string in one of the supported formats .
truth: parse a string in one of the supported formats . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  converts string to a string .
truth: print continuous . 
test:  value   a
truth:  print   print

test:  the main view for the admin review .
truth: respond to requests for the idps xrds document . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   null

test:  image data type .
truth: get the device name if present regardless of the bdm format . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the / skew at the given sequence a in value .
truth: returns the / at skew in a passed sequence . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the length of specified string .
truth: check the length of specified string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  displays a list of rotation rotation .
truth: retrieve featured sponsors for rotation . 
test:  renders   check
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a wigner semicircle distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print a list of keypairs for a user .
truth: print a list of keypairs for a user . 
test:  print   list
truth:  print   a

test:  utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 .
truth: utf-8-safe version of safe_urlencode the stdlib safe_urlencode prior to python 3 . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  projects projects .
truth: list site wide projects . 
test:  have   projects
truth:  list   site

test:  additional additional attachments for zen editor .
truth: generic entry point for translating . 
test:  loads   view
truth:  null   entry

test:  all values in sequence .
truth: returns directly the argument *obj* . 
test:  null   image
truth:  returns   returns

test:  send e-mail when a review user is published .
truth: send e-mail when a review is published . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  entry point for the decorated function .
truth: resolve a function by name given a function specified by module . 
test:  given   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  new status .
truth: status add . 
test:  control   add
truth:  add   add

test:  encode a single bytestring path into a list of nan .
truth: encode the path specified as a list of path components using url encoding . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  performs a single zoom of a numpy image .
truth: zoom in and out of images with the same arguments . 
test:  minimize   images
truth:  zoom   in

test:  set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a video .
truth: set callbacks and private data to render decoded video to a custom area in memory . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   callbacks

test:  validate request .
truth: validate the current last-modified against if-modified-since headers . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get unit changes .
truth: returns units recent changes . 
test:  get   use
truth:  returns   units

test:  find the type of a function .
truth: given a cassandra type as a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  builds the vnc config spec .
truth: builds the vnc config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of scientific from a list of items .
truth: parses the provided forcelist composed of items of the form . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  use the image should be coerced to color by the unsupported pdf .
truth: censure keypoints can be extracted from gray-scale images only . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   censure

test:  look for a tmpdir .
truth: add or modify a label on a dataset . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compact the contents of a control object .
truth: return a l{str} representation of c{obj} which only shows fields with non-default values . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  load scores from a given directory .
truth: return a dict-like object that returns filebinnedarray objects created from "key . 
test:  load   in
truth:  return   a

test:  reload raw changes to .
truth: reload changed buffers . 
test:  select   install
truth:  null   reload

test:  return the first element of a list .
truth: return the first element of a generator and exhaust it . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  just test the right class with a theano pair .
truth: test that random state can be transferred from one theano graph to another . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  walk a package data directory and all its filepaths .
truth: return all files under the root package . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct location from the cloud provider .
truth: return the region to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a buffer from a buffer .
truth: load single byte . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  this loads the lxc statistics for a given action .
truth: compute statistics over all compute nodes . 
test:  returns   apply
truth:  compute   statistics

test:  moves the source file at the new source to the destination .
truth: moves the source file or folder to the destination . 
test:  moves   a
truth:  moves   null

test:  detects all predict in a review file .
truth: run a sentiment analysis request on text within a passed filename . 
test:  counts   show
truth:  run   a

test:  apply the given function to a list of strings .
truth: executes a function for a subarray of a nested array if it matches the given condition . 
test:  return   function
truth:  executes   a

test:  cool a gcode linear move file .
truth: inset the carving of a gcode file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   inset

test:  unsubscribe watching a watch .
truth: stop watching a question . 
test:  null   null
truth:  watching   stop

test:  sets the local connection for the current thread .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  set   routine
truth:  set   defaults

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: find if an user exists in a specific database on the ms sql server . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   find

test:  restart the traffic server nodes in the cluster .
truth: restart the traffic_manager process and the traffic_server process on all the nodes in a cluster . 
test:  restart   stop
truth:  restart   restart

test:  read multipart parts into entity .
truth: read all multipart parts into entity . 
test:  read   source
truth:  read   read

test:  helper function to format the context of a sysadmin .
truth: this is a pseudo check if we are a sysadmin all checks are true . 
test:  return   copy
truth:  is   null

test:  commits changes if the system is in the transaction mode .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  execute   commit
truth:  changes   changes

test:  a decorator that adds a function to the over the hold .
truth: over calls:: func with hold and then restores the hold state . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return any minifier minifier in hierarchy .
truth: returns set of libraries . 
test:  to   null
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure permissions are the given instance .
truth: ensure that user ids in contributors and permissions match . 
test:  ensure   attempts
truth:  ensure   null

test:  user authenticated .
truth: tests that admin users can access the admin site . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary .
truth: get the plugins whose names are in the attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse time string of the iso date and return a datetime object .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generator for default_fields .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest path between two nodes . 
test:  find   helper
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  it can point passed to steps .
truth: the scenario result has also the undefined steps . 
test:  lettuce   steps
truth:  null   scenario

test:  create a dict matching a given collection .
truth: get collection options additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  null   content
truth:  get   collection

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  turn a string into a tuple that is a tuple of integers .
truth: convert version string to version info tuple . 
test:  like   a
truth:  convert   version

test:  convert roman to long integer .
truth: convert integer to roman numeral . 
test:  returns   integer
truth:  convert   integer

test:  helper function for computing the exponential distribution parameters x : float value of the loglikelihood function .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   null

test:  view all the problem_weighted_score_changed top .
truth: receives the post-back from processor . 
test:  render   view
truth:  receives   null

test:  converts host string to hex host .
truth: convert the provided host to the format in /proc/net/tcp* /proc/net/tcp uses little-endian four byte hex for ipv4 /proc/net/tcp6 uses little-endian per 4b word for ipv6 args: host: string with either hostname . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the full output code which can be used to pretty indexes when an error is not used with the command line rgb .
truth: return of executing cmd in a shell . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the given user is registered .
truth: this function is deprecated . 
test:  sync   check
truth:  function   function

test:  fetches a list of all configured floatingips for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetch a list of all floatingips for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  fetch   a

test:  makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration .
truth: makes an iterator safe by ignoring the exceptions occured during the iteration . 
test:  check   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  lists all .
truth: wrapper to run at(1) or return none . 
test:  execute   tests
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  set up a new command for association .
truth: create a new mkdocs project . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add flavor access for project .
truth: add flavor access for project . 
test:  add   flavor
truth:  add   flavor

test:  shows configure config for this module to update validation .
truth: remove old profile files . 
test:  shared   create
truth:  remove   remove

test:  drop a average .
truth: get equation for cylindrical radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  convert a package to a package for use as a package .
truth: convert a package e . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update file with the specified settings .
truth: update head files with the latest branch heads . 
test:  source   null
truth:  update   head

test:  return sass paths containing system dependencies and a sass system .
truth: return list of sass dirs that need to be compiled for the given system . 
test:  approximate   copies
truth:  list   list

test:  handler for the result of a result where the user has a result of a header name and an alias .
truth: parse a line from an aliases file . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to obtain a route path from the given path or page .
truth: returns the page route object based on searching in pages and generators . 
test:  resolves   context
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates a base64 encoded key given the provided secret key .
truth: computes a derived cryptographic key from a password according to pbkdf2 . 
test:  request   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  given otu map file handle .
truth: takes list of format [ . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  list   list

test:  register an automatic os .
truth: this is the page where an automatic os installation file is edited . 
test:  source   create
truth:  is   null

test:  returns a list of thumbnails for all thumbnails in the given file .
truth: return a list of dictionaries . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  import a dotted path .
truth: takes a dotted path to a member name in a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a crc32 checksum of the value .
truth: python version idempotent . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   version

test:  install a capability capability args: capability : the capability to add image capability : the capability to the capability .
truth: install a capability args: capability : the capability to install source : the optional source of the capability . 
test:  install   add
truth:  install   a

test:  flip an image .
truth: flip the image vertically . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  flip   null

test:  add to the attribute dictionary .
truth: add to the attribute dictionary . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  return a base lun name for the given volume name .
truth: returns base lun name for lun/snapcopy lun . 
test:  return   null
truth:  base   base

test:  check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: .
truth: check whether or not an upgrade is available for a given package cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  search for all the python related files to the given directory .
truth: search for all the python related files . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  install a new spatial reactor .
truth: schedule pyuis display to be updated approximately every c{ms} milliseconds . 
test:  install   install
truth:  schedule   schedule

test:  gets the item from the course .
truth: obtains from data the locator for an item . 
test:  returns   request
truth:  obtains   null

test:  returns true if the given callback is casava .
truth: true if this file is generated by illumina software post-casava 1 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return the disk usage of a given path .
truth: given a path . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all available containers .
truth: treat each container as an environment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list : parameter_list comma ellipsis . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parameter_type_list

test:  convert a sympy/numpy matrix to a numpy matrix .
truth: convert a sympy/scipy . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  build the clonespec config object .
truth: returns the clone spec . 
test:  builds   validate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bytes_to_long : string convert a long integer to a long integer this is a axis string .
truth: bytes_to_long : long convert a byte string to a long integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  scale the carving of a gcode file .
truth: bottom the carving . 
test:  scale   a
truth:  null   bottom

test:  maps keys to individual patch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  update   a
truth:  create   a

test:  detects syntax in the text .
truth: detects syntax in the text . 
test:  tells   null
truth:  detects   syntax

test:  create an imagemember object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  checks for views .
truth: ensure that the user is a logged-in staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return the m-th size of a m-th of matrices .
truth: solves the problem of trying out each individual possibility for alpha^x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  returns the number of keys needed to load functions .
truth: fetch the module and number instances given their indexes . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  fixture that provides a fake web-history registry .
truth: fixture providing a window registry for win_id 0 and 1 . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  providing   fixture

test:  takes an object and tries to find all selector .
truth: query a collection of bokeh models and yield any that match the a selector . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  query   a

test:  deletes a volume .
truth: removes a volume . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  this check check if we dont know about any of the elemwise .
truth: several kinds of elemwise expressions with dimension permutations and broadcasting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   kinds

test:  map request to download the check as an optional request .
truth: this is an endpoint for monitoring map downloads . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  is   null

test:  return the file for the given file .
truth: helper function for photo file . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the joyent data center to use . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assign @todo: x is only tuples .
truth: create lhs op= rhs . 
test:  assigns   in
truth:  create   lhs

test:  insert the state of two list_ops into the transient .
truth: shape function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the list of features for a specific quota .
truth: get and display the metadata for the current user . 
test:  print   a
truth:  get   get

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: money flow index . 
test:  null   oscillator
truth:  flow   flow

test:  search for all of the files in a given directory .
truth: this function will contatenate two "comma-separated value" text files . 
test:  input   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parameter_type_list_opt : parameter_type_list .
truth: parameter_type_list_opt : empty . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  parameter_type_list_opt   null

test:  a fake context .
truth: a simple tls 1 . 
test:  to   fixture
truth:  null   a

test:  a decorator that takes only positional and returns a string .
truth: returns function which applies the first transformation it can from args and returns transformed value . 
test:  value   a
truth:  function   function

test:  splits a collection to a dataset .
truth: split up collection into collection . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   up

test:  get all defined networks .
truth: return all defined networks . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the path is a dir for the given path .
truth: return whether a file:// link points to a directory . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   return

test:  flatten a list of lists .
truth: takes an iterable of iterables . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  set up the sonarr sensor .
truth: initialize the litejet component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  initialize   null

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: rename to json . 
test:  load   check
truth:  to   rename

test:  scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used .
truth: scan one logical line of python and look up values of variables used . 
test:  return   one
truth:  scan   one

test:  test subtraction of psdestimator .
truth: test methods of psdestimator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   methods

test:  wordoftheday -- pig button -- comic .
truth: returns the word of the day . 
test:  imdb   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tiecorrect test for random data .
truth: tie correction factor for ties in the mann-whitney u and kruskal-wallis h tests . 
test:  null   chunks
truth:  tie   correction

test:  make a status of a certain task id .
truth: returns status of a scan . 
test:  resizes   a
truth:  returns   status

test:  page through the request and return the available data .
truth: text input from the irc and rss bots . 
test:  used   null
truth:  input   input

test:  normalize the path for symbolic .
truth: convert a path to its canonical . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function to instantiate a new identity type .
truth: creates an instance of the current identity_class and assigns it to the module-level name identity by default . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns the average index of all node pairs for g .
truth: compute the resource allocation index of all node pairs in ebunch . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  repeat timer object and call odoo .
truth: convenience function to create timer object and call repeat method . 
test:  setting   function
truth:  function   function

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  test __getitem__ when a column is called .
truth: regression test for a bug in expressiontree . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get path from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  check whether two strings are equal .
truth: compares attribute values of two queryresult objects . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  return the currently active plugin manager .
truth: obtain a new instance of the :py:class:_pytest . 
test:  get   return
truth:  obtain   a

test:  retrieve system state of a small instance .
truth: determine if changes are required to the current project quota . 
test:  force   current
truth:  if   null

test:  apply function to values of dictionary map .
truth: apply function to items of dictionary . 
test:  function   docstring
truth:  function   function

test:  function that returns a list of matchmark .
truth: tries to match on any marker names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a results separated list of pairs into a dictionary .
truth: given an dictionnary fields . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  display a list of redirect to a new videos .
truth: displays a graph with the given title . 
test:  is   set
truth:  displays   a

test:  check to see if the group auth is a group .
truth: has this user got update permission for all of the given groups? if there is a package in the context then ignore that packages groups . 
test:  if   return
truth:  has   null

test:  ensure the snmp auth is enabled .
truth: manage the sending of authentication traps . 
test:  start   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  return sample sample data represented by tree2semi_rel .
truth: make sample node table where samples and their metadata are recorded . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  list feedback workflows .
truth: displays all alleyoop compatible workflows . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  displays   null

test:  given a soap enveloped saml thing .
truth: parses a soap enveloped header and body saml thing and returns the thing as a dictionary class instance . 
test:  extracts   call
truth:  parses   a

test:  fetch the image type from a given image type .
truth: generate the paths for tftp files for this instance raises novaexception if - instance does not contain kernel_id or ramdisk_id - deploy_kernel_id or deploy_ramdisk_id can not be read from instance_type[extra_specs] and defaults are not set . 
test:  retrieves   disk
truth:  generate   generate

test:  if any of the settings for ckan .
truth: small helper function that looks up a given string priority in the :attr:~scrapy . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  transform a function using f**( probability function .
truth: return custom data dictionary of conversion functions . 
test:  extract   compute
truth:  return   custom

test:  prepare a new plot object .
truth: convenience function that prepares and returns a fancyarrowpatch . 
test:  create   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of configured subscriptions .
truth: filter all user subscriptions for ones that are on parent projects and return the project ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  process one or more keyword arguments .
truth: spawn a new public stream . 
test:  null   a
truth:  spawn   a

test:  user list .
truth: just for verify website owner here . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   null

test:  change the users full name cli example: .
truth: set the users password . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  set   set

test:  check for indices along all indices .
truth: check that all axes of a pandas object are unique . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  check   check

test:  kill all available jobs on this system .
truth: sends a kill signal to all currently running jobs cli example: . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  a view that is requested with argument list of requests .
truth: a view that is requested with get and accesses request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  view   view

test:  a no-op way to wait until a watch statement is not a wait for a given class .
truth: fire an event on the salt master event bus if called from a watch statement . 
test:  return   null
truth:  fire   fire

test:  returns continuation array of continuation for the cli tool .
truth: the continuation: display dots before all the following lines . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the cpu has the given cpu subdirectory .
truth: check if a list of flags are available on current cpu info . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  calculate the loss for dbms gradient of two univariate series .
truth: weighted cross-entropy loss for a sequence of logits . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  weighted   null

test:  set the system module if the os is installed .
truth: only work on systems that have been booted with systemd . 
test:  set   null
truth:  work   work

test:  check whether an instance is a valid instance of a module .
truth: check if theres any setattr method inside an instance . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  deserialize a document .
truth: safely evaluates a string containing a python expression . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  get indexed indexed grid .
truth: get and add an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes timings and after them them .
truth: deletes memcache items and times them . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   memcache

test:  creates a new h .
truth: create a new element whose tag is the value of the received tag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  stop a machine by name .
truth: stop a machine by name . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  ensure that the named rule is absent .
truth: ensure iptable is not present . 
test:  add   add
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a dict of keys for the given type or subsection .
truth: equivalent to d . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   equivalent

test:  helper method to return true if given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid json . 
test:  detect   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  transforms cinder exception to fetch and raise a cinder exception .
truth: transforms a cinder exception but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  provides   decorator
truth:  transforms   a

test:  override the wrapped function to support the zip method .
truth: a deprecated form of patch . 
test:  deprecated   gcode
truth:  deprecated   a

test:  renders the given template with the given dictionary and request using the response .
truth: render_to_response wrapper using best match for the current page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a simple base url with the given host and password .
truth: returns the http_proxy_url if proxy_username . 
test:  to   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions file .
truth: invalidates the hash for a suffix_dir in the partitions hashes file . 
test:  if   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  update the glance metadata for a snapshot .
truth: update the glance metadata for a snapshot by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  tokenize the input stream .
truth: return a numpy array where each row is the word-indexes for each sentence . 
test:  transforms   run
truth:  return   a

test:  return a collection type for a given collection .
truth: build datasetcollection with populated datasetcollectionelement objects corresponding to the supplied dataset instances or throw exception if this is not a valid collection of the specified type . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return a height x x .
truth: get a height x width size that will fit n_tiles tiles . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute the accuracy of two random data .
truth: zero-one classification loss . 
test:  function   sample
truth:  null   classification

test:  retrieve paths uid .
truth: return paths uid . 
test:  return   paths
truth:  return   paths

test:  special name for setting of the config file .
truth: re-adds the value of a specific key in the dict . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function to decide which args are useful for function .
truth: extract all the function parameter names . 
test:  null   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a pandas from a country format .
truth: lookup an organisation . 
test:  given   list
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  creates an ascii token to the app .
truth: stores an auth token in the app engine datastore . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  stores   stores

test:  return a list of file names that contain been infodef .
truth: returns current i3 mode . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   current

test:  parse a http response into a dict .
truth: given a string response from sesame . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new text block .
truth: helper function for the builder that creates an xml text block . 
test:  wrap   return
truth:  function   function

test:  recursively check all classes that contain a role .
truth: check that there is a matching role in the cred dict . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the description of a path .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  iterate over a form .
truth: returns an iterable of key-value-pairs corresponding to the header in canonical form . 
test:  use   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a posix pattern in a buffer object to a overriden pattern .
truth: converts a posix/strftime pattern into an ldml date format pattern . 
test:  converts   message
truth:  converts   a

test:  make sure expressions can produce symbols .
truth: make sure that expressions produce symbols . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  set up a floating axes .
truth: a simple one . 
test:  plots   setup
truth:  null   a

test:  load an songs to v2 .
truth: open playlists . 
test:  loads   convert
truth:  open   playlists

test:  get a resource .
truth: get any single pagerduty resource by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if we should rather than blinker .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   framework

test:  modify the lua .
truth: prepend custom autojump_bin_dir definition to autojump . 
test:  append   a
truth:  prepend   custom

test:  returns a tuple that will be called with the host .
truth: get the xyz coordinates of the given illuminant and observer [1]_ . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an s3 deleter results .
truth: ensure that attempts to use a closed deleter results in an error . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a list of targets in the target .
truth: returns the set of targets that require a build . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a single function across a side-by-side instance .
truth: execute a single action on the given provider/instance cli example: . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the list of projects available by the given bugs .
truth: return a sorted list of all the projects for which weve indexed bugs . 
test:  get   plot
truth:  return   a

test:  return a am am on the overall cpu time .
truth: given a cpu_time() ntuple calculates the total cpu time . 
test:  return   check
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses .
truth: return the multicast mac address associated with provided ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id flag this thread for abuse ajax only . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions .
truth: check that the provided user has specified permission . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parse primer3 output into a bio . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns old license titles .
truth: returns a dict of old license titles . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  compatibility wrapper around url_unescape .
truth: quote the argument for safe use in a shell command line . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  delete an application .
truth: delete a check on a given url cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  extract the response data from a http response and returns a tuple of the oauth message .
truth: return getlasterror response as a dict . 
test:  checks   response
truth:  return   return

test:  resolves an object by given its absolute path .
truth: internal helper function . 
test:  resolves   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  enable the datasource of this data .
truth: helper function to convert dataframe and series to matplotlib . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  test for models .
truth: unit tests of the frameattribute descriptor . 
test:  test   options
truth:  tests   tests

test:  reload the library extension .
truth: reload style library . 
test:  config   sets
truth:  null   style

test:  build the external id for a product of the domain .
truth: generates a webpay/solitude external id given an addons primary key . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  sets the current process .
truth: bsd specific calls (should be compataible with both freebsd and openbsd: url url . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for * coded * .
truth: recursive helper for :func:_rec_strip . 
test:  extended   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  test control of longer-running jobs .
truth: test job control . 
test:  control   control
truth:  test   job

test:  redirect to the wacky snippet .
truth: if auth_entry is found in auth_entry_custom . 
test:  cleans   attempts
truth:  if   null

test:  compute the sympy tensor product of a sympy tensor with comments .
truth: compute the tensor product of a sequence of sympy matrices . 
test:  find   generator
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a node .
truth: create and validate a docker-compose file into a directory path path where the docker-compose file will be stored on the server docker_compose docker_compose file cli example: . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator for adding extra list to all arguments .
truth: reset mocks . 
test:  to   null
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  searches for the directory where a given file is located .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns true if the given release is a release release .
truth: return whether this is a released version of review board . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  importer test .
truth: uses mock galaxy for testing or real galaxy for production @type test: bool . 
test:  called   runs
truth:  mock   mock

test:  create the default folder .
truth: create a folder in the given path and add an __init__ . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  estimate estimate of the estimate of the absolute variance parameters axis : array estimate of the magnitude decomposition for which the multivariate error in the multivariate case is defined by
truth: vectorized anderson darling a^2 . 
test:  calculate   n
truth:  vectorized   null

test:  apply the resource type to a topic .
truth: return the topic for a resource type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the fro space has inside the source .
truth: helper to check one set of points is inside a surface . 
test:  asserts   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  this function takes a list of slices slices and returns a single string of lists .
truth: smart chunking to avoid memory overload . 
test:  p   test
truth:  null   null

test:  destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the cgsnapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return the resource file .
truth: create estr resource file given a dictionary of errors . 
test:  remove   set
truth:  create   create

test:  asserts that data contains all of its data .
truth: asserts two dicts are the same . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  divide maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns maximum norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  returns   maximum

test:  generate a generator of all corpus parent path .
truth: yields sentences of -tuples from the given corpus . 
test:  chunks   null
truth:  yields   sentences

test:  get or update a volume volume from the update .
truth: get or create an ec2 volume id from uuid . 
test:  get   try
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister an event notification .
truth: register for an event notification . 
test:  attach   event
truth:  register   register

test:  list users currently active users .
truth: list all users in the splunk db cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return an absolute root of the links .
truth: make all links in the document absolute . 
test:  return   version
truth:  make   null

test:  parse a composites line of a dictionary of attributes .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  return   a

test:  a no-op simplified with the given arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  command   command

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname for a valid nickname .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a nickname . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a part of a string to its binary representation .
truth: returns the leading numeric part of a string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like :meth:url_encode but show the exception .
truth: dumps the given exception using pickle . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  execute linux system bin .
truth: does a binary exist in linux . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   a

test:  decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey .
truth: decrypts a cypher text using the decryption key dkey . 
test:  decrypts   a
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  calculate sample score for binary representation of normal distribution .
truth: return sum of square deviations of sequence data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sum   sum

test:  returns true if this field should be called to descend deeper for select_related() purposes .
truth: returns true if this field should be used to descend deeper for select_related() purposes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  configure the twisted reactor .
truth: start the twisted reactor in a separate thread . 
test:  starts   a
truth:  start   start

test:  strips all keys from an environment .
truth: the context hint can be used to perform an static optimization based on the context given . 
test:  null   node
truth:  context   context

test:  try to do an items that is not a enum that is not a string or a enum value .
truth: a function that tries to turn the value into enum cls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the pickle data in the file as a pickle string .
truth: load pickled pandas object from the specified file path warning: loading pickled data received from untrusted sources can be unsafe . 
test:  read   read
truth:  pickled   load

test:  setup logging .
truth: sets up logging to logfiles and the terminal . 
test:  log   logging
truth:  sets   up

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   rest

test:  removes whitespace at the beginning of a string .
truth: replace consecutive crs and/or lfs with single crlfs . 
test:  collapses   returns
truth:  replace   consecutive

test:  calculates the middle-most standard error transform on a positive integer n .
truth: jacobi polynomial :math:p_n^{left}(x) jacobi_normalized gives the nth jacobi polynomial in x . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  return what services are available .
truth: return the list of installed packages on the machine returns: list: list of installed packages cli example: . 
test:  installed   list
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a notification event on a topic .
truth: sends a notification event on a topic . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  sends   a

test:  creates a new keyczar db and populates the db with the provided type .
truth: create or update a trigger type db object in the db given trigger_type definition as dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  single receivable view page .
truth: single receivable view page . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a name to its operating name .
truth: convert a location name for use in a path: replace : with / . 
test:  force   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the integer bruno function of n .
truth: return all non-negative integer solutions of the diophantine equation:: n*k_n + . 
test:  fake   close
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether a dictionary instance can be used with a given name .
truth: determine if the relationship between a tool_dependency record associated with a tool_shed_repository record on the galaxy side can be eliminated . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   null

test:  link to a pdb .
truth: display nipype crash files . 
test:  handle   fake
truth:  display   nipype

test:  performs a get request to the given url .
truth: performs a get request to the given url . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  given a template name .
truth: return a string that encodes template_name and context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test if the database is multi .
truth: assert that a multiindex contains the product of *levels . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  grab global variables from settings .
truth: show global settings cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if the given device exists .
truth: check if ethernet device exists . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  submit barcodes for the user to the native object .
truth: submits a set of {release_id1: barcode . 
test:  set   release
truth:  submits   a

test:  read blobs from a pillar_pcre file .
truth: retrieves blobs from database . 
test:  provide   method
truth:  retrieves   blobs

test:  returns the value corresponding to the given instance label int .
truth: returns the instance value corresponding to a lighting label int . 
test:  determine   value
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a configuration tag for the given tag .
truth: return tag value for the configuration . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  tag   tag

test:  performs restful controller .
truth: creates classes for the link_to calls . 
test:  emulate   click
truth:  creates   classes

test:  a generator to return the current instance of ast as a method of the family .
truth: with a list of decorators . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes trivial gcd of f and g in k[x] .
truth: handle trivial cases in gcd algorithm over a ring . 
test:  trivial   handle
truth:  trivial   handle

test:  consume raw json from the npm registry via args .
truth: take a csv file from stdin and load it into postgres using an ingenious algorithm_ . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  take   a

test:  get all group group_types .
truth: get all group types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copies the operator at the given operator to a 2d operator .
truth: transposes an operator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  transposes   null

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  saves telemetry data to new current datastore .
truth: save a blob of data as the latest telemetry submission . 
test:  saves   duplicate
truth:  save   a

test:  return true if the minion matches the given matcher target .
truth: return true if the minion matches the given ipcidr target cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fetch local s3 image represented by the provided id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   find

test:  solves a rational polynomial .
truth: see docstring of :func:rsolve_hypergeometric for details . 
test:  solve   wrapper
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  marks up values such as to-be-unpacked .
truth: return an addressable attribute for serializable classes . 
test:  prefixes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  transform a dictionary into a dictionary .
truth: convert a failure to a json-serializable data structure . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieves necessary information from the remote remote server .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  extracts   user
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a new periodic array with the same values as falseislist .
truth: return a copy of x as an object that supports the python buffer api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  decorator which exempts the decorated function as well as well .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require serialized xml data . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  open a file in a python way .
truth: open a bgzf file for reading . 
test:  file   a
truth:  open   a

test:  monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support .
truth: monkey-patch urllib3 with pyopenssl-backed ssl-support . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a breadcrumbs input based on the provided stream .
truth: returns the input stream from the wsgi environment and wraps it in the most sensible way possible . 
test:  use   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  strip   run
truth:  strip   a

test:  test overlapping multi-word matches .
truth: test a bug that arose from having overlapping matches . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  creates a new certificate and writes it to the given host path .
truth: provides a standard method for connecting to a specified server without ssl verification . 
test:  is   null
truth:  provides   a

test:  returns true if the specified console is a ctypes .
truth: returns true if a windows file handle is a handle to a console . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all plugins in the directory .
truth: run all the munin plugins cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns absolute path as cases for an absolute path .
truth: expand both environment variables and user home in the given path . 
test:  expand   directories
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a dict mapping discussion_ids to respective category for the specified xblock .
truth: returns true iff the given discussion_id is accessible for user in course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a unique alton for the specified template .
truth: generates commands for alton to cut amis from the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  provided   null
truth:  generates   commands

test:  get all objects within a given object with specified name and return the value .
truth: make an ordered dictionary from model objects objects where keys are object names . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a group message page page page .
truth: returns a group message form . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  echo the text to the hierarchy of a text .
truth: outputs the given text_object and its children hierarchically . 
test:  prints   function
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  read raw fif data .
truth: reader function for raw fif data . 
test:  read   estimate
truth:  function   function

test:  add a observer to the extract_diagonal .
truth: register target for changes in the config var named by section and name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  register   target

test:  returns a lazy which is equal to the extract .
truth: finds msvs_system_include_dirs that are common to all targets . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns the default currency type .
truth: for use as the default value for currency fields . 
test:  return   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  closes the event .
truth: callback for closing of raw browser with selections . 
test:  close   read
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service via rest_sample . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  processes the user from the next page .
truth: connect to the egl display server . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the set of inheritance on the object .
truth: enable/disable inheritance on an object args: path: the path to the object objecttype: the type of object clear: true will remove non-inherited aces from the acl returns : a dictionary containing the results cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  this function returns a single dn of all user objects or an external dn .
truth: explode_dn -> list this function takes a dn and breaks it up into its component parts . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator only raising an exception if its not available .
truth: this decorator runs the function thats being decorated only if the code is being run in ci environment . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test that docinfo and docinfo app works .
truth: inspect the docinfo metadata stored in the first node of the document . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  inspect   inspect

test:  returns the list of all source files matching the given log .
truth: finds the root thrift files in the graph formed by sources and their recursive includes . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  do a hard test with a package with a subclass of the old log .
truth: test for issue url in this case an internalerror occurred trying to report the failure of a test like this one because py test failed to get the source lines . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: stop cgconfig service . 
test:  start   cgconfig
truth:  stop   cgconfig

test:  queues a system email for a user .
truth: queues a system email for a password change notification . 
test:  queues   a
truth:  queues   a

test:  load index from a document or stream .
truth: parse an individual index definitions document from string or stream . 
test:  parses   multiple
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test that optimized errors dont contain a native calendarlist .
truth: assert that the tpot instantiator stores the tpot variables properly . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  open paths with remote .
truth: get the remote appid as reported at servername/path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filename of the cache for bucket contents .
truth: return the filename of the cache for bucket contents . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the real product of a monomial .
truth: multiply a signature by a monomial . 
test:  null   data
truth:  multiply   a

test:  create the upload url for the file .
truth: create upload url for post form . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a directory atomically .
truth: ensures the path is a directory or makes it if not . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  will update modified on the provided objects on the unauthenticated timestamp when the task has been created .
truth: will update the modified timestamp on the provided objects when the wrapped function exits successfully . 
test:  modified   set
truth:  update   update

test:  recursively copies the given descriptor to the given continuous jellier .
truth: create a copy of the descriptor . 
test:  copy   strips
truth:  create   a

test:  adds a vlan to network association .
truth: adds a vlan to network association . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  update the task status .
truth: update many task statuses at once . 
test:  context   a
truth:  update   update

test:  see :meth: .
truth: see :meth: . 
test:  test   null
truth:  see   null

test:  return the cumulative distribution for x .
truth: returns the probability that a uniform random variable is less than x . 
test:  counts   alias
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validator for selfridge parameters .
truth: standard lucas compositeness test with selfridge parameters . 
test:  if   try
truth:  null   lucas

test:  returns true if the current desktop is in the current environment .
truth: detect if we are running in a gtk-based desktop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a url .
truth: create a rawsocket url from components . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  efficiently compute a sound of a animation .
truth: compute field coefficients . 
test:  try   transform
truth:  compute   field

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  finds the relative file or directory that will be given by the given path .
truth: search the environment for the relative path . 
test:  find   list
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a list of urllib2 as a string .
truth: generate url from component parts . 
test:  given   a
truth:  url   url

test:  entry point for a script .
truth: return a packagefinder respecting command-line options . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  give a list of page id for the given user or page .
truth: give a list of pages which user can view . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  sets the number of times the database .
truth: update last cache update time for shows in list . 
test:  set   media
truth:  update   update

test:  decorator that checks if an exploration can accept a given exploration .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can play the given exploration . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a leading features list of features to the feature .
truth: add simple features to the draft layer - used by s3locationselectorwidget . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  tests that in-db ceased after on-disk are marked as directory .
truth: you cant change a pootle_path if a store is associated unless you also remove the store association - and vice versa . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  null   null

test:  return the temporary directory path .
truth: a bytes version of tempfile . 
test:  null   get
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  create a paste pipeline based on the auth_strategy config option .
truth: a paste pipeline replica that keys off of auth_strategy . 
test:  create   paste
truth:  paste   paste

test:  test timeit special special special special special special syntax .
truth: test %%timeit with ipython special syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  a helper for defining float options .
truth: a helper for defining float options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  write a gpio to a gpio .
truth: write a value to a gpio . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  decorator which translates bare oserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied .
truth: decorator which translates bare oserror and windowserror exceptions into nosuchprocess and accessdenied . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  fix the requested code with the given configuration .
truth: return fixed source code . 
test:  apply   chocolatey
truth:  fixed   return

test:  disconnect all .
truth: test disconnecting with no connections . 
test:  disconnect   commands
truth:  disconnecting   test

test:  load a full data path that is passed to the 'visual' .
truth: get path to local copy of megsim dataset type . 
test:  load   a
truth:  get   path

test:  returns true if given contents is a gzip string .
truth: this is a silly small function which checks to see if the file is gzip . 
test:  to   null
truth:  is   null

test:  determine if a segment overlaps within the x segment .
truth: determine if the line is crossing inside the x segment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a datetime to a timestamp .
truth: convert a datetime into a utc float timestamp . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host notify:appname . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return an imagefont key for the current document .
truth: generates ssh key . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  ssh   ssh

test:  sessions the webapp app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: return the status of the webapp sessions app the webapp context path url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  execute   information
truth:  return   return

test:  list all the names in a particular namespace tree by a given type .
truth: return dictionary of all objects in a namespace dictionary that match type_pattern and filter . 
test:  return   list
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the outset dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  returns a node that should be used to get a users relationship .
truth: returns true if the first user follows the second . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse mac address .
truth: parse the bt home hub 5 data format . 
test:  find   list
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get a python object from a filename or from it .
truth: load data from a pickle file simple wrapper of the cpickle module in core python . 
test:  create   a
truth:  load   data

test:  use this decorator to override intervals for our method .
truth: wraps the specified function on a context . 
test:  to   form
truth:  wraps   null

test:  calculates the encryption and a list of numbers for gdnt and order used for calling features .
truth: calculate actual and maximum possible amounts of understemmed and overstemmed word pairs . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return an integer parsed from collectd string .
truth: similar to ldap2py . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a native string with all the case of the given name .
truth: locale -a might return the encoding in either lower or upper case . 
test:  change   null
truth:  null   locale

test:  list all ostypes .
truth: list the available os types cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  checks that the object is a valid compiled object .
truth: check if a condition matches an object . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the loop[ loop .
truth: get loop without close ends . 
test:  get   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  parse the autopart line .
truth: parse the autopart line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  managed managed power of a managed server .
truth: status one of powerup . 
test:  unset   a
truth:  null   one

test:  the first event loop before the user tries to guess the first event loop .
truth: given a global options parser . 
test:  null   guess
truth:  given   a

test:  simple test for shutil .
truth: detects if code is javascriptobfuscator . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  if   null

test:  parses an entry emitted by app_logging .
truth: parses a single log entry emitted by app_logging . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  always return false .
truth: never say the process is threadable . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   null

test:  compute polynomial pseudo-remainder of f .
truth: return the leading term of f . 
test:  transform   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an argument to a string .
truth: check for a valid flag option and return none . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a removal response .
truth: attach response attributes declared in config . 
test:  callback   attempt
truth:  attach   response

test:  helper to test that we can create a gzip object .
truth: test the gzip reader in create table . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  given a context object .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  context   a
truth:  given   a

test:  hps a sound of the execution of a sound stocenv: stocenv: size .
truth: time scaling of the harmonic plus stochastic representation hfreq . 
test:  scaling   scaling
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  read in the cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  return   return

test:  add the x intersections from the index table .
truth: add the x intersection indexes from the xintersections . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  a simple wrapper for the requirements structure .
truth: a category structure . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   category

test:  merges a dict where each item in a dict is a dict with the supplied dictionary .
truth: recursively merge new_items into some base_items . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  removes a task from the current task .
truth: removes the taskapp if celery isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  removes   null

test:  clear all available regions for the amazon thread .
truth: tear down plugin . 
test:  unload   null
truth:  tear   null

test:  return all elements of a node .
truth: get all the text associated with this node . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of parameters sw : file to be base: in the order to return a list of tuples .
truth: write a png chunk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the chordal cliques of g .
truth: returns the set of maximal cliques of a chordal graph . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a makeopts variable trim a value in the make .
truth: remove a value from makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute the binary entropy for tensorflow tensorflow .
truth: computes binary cross entropy given output . 
test:  null   reboot
truth:  computes   binary

test:  ansible ansible .
truth: multiply by a convolution operator . 
test:  function   multiply
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  read a name from a file .
truth: retrieve code from the given filename . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return a context manager that deserialize crypto .
truth: context reraising crypto errors as :exc:securityerror . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   context

test:  convert a string in program: notation to a python object .
truth: convert a cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  reset the cuda repository .
truth: resets the index and working tree to head . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  dipole potential .
truth: the electric dipole potential v . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test human_readable .
truth: test for #955 cant-build-html-with-footnotes-when-using . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a query with matching name .
truth: finds a field with a specific name in a list of field instances . 
test:  find   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  return the serialized data that is a fast variable .
truth: returns a column of ones with the same length as input data . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a string of the babels number for the given format .
truth: format a national number . 
test:  function   a
truth:  format   a

test:  opportunity add .
truth: opportunity add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  convert pil .
truth: simplistic converter of strings from repr to float numpy arrays . 
test:  convert   integer
truth:  null   converter

test:  provides the configuration of the specified machine .
truth: discards the changes applied . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure a staff staff value is records .
truth: configure the staff tab for sites . 
test:  show   show
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get the value of the ports that owns the current user .
truth: return the current idle delay setting in seconds cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  plots two sets .
truth: apply a crossover operation on input sets . 
test:  null   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  returns a summary of the certs with the given settings .
truth: calculate the summary text for when the module finishes running . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the the inverse of the series expansion of the series for the series .
truth: return sum f_i/i!*x**i from sum f_i*x**i . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  sum   sum

test:  test if the shell is an ipython shell .
truth: is a shell instance an ipython shell? . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   a

test:  extract text content from an element .
truth: extract text content from an element . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  task page .
truth: stop tasktimeslot for preselected task . 
test:  to   time
truth:  stop   stop

test:  handle a subset of certificate .
truth: figure out what to do if a previous cert had a subset of the names now requested . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  add an image to hsv space after a color transform .
truth: return color image by applying image_filter on hsv-value of image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  color   color

test:  encrypt an http request with the given request object .
truth: generates a aes 16 byte key from a http request of html page . 
test:  mask   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get the service account for the given account .
truth: get service account name of the app . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   service

test:  returns true if the given user can view this setting for any of the given user .
truth: check if a user has permission to edit this setting type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a list of great numbers that are always by a given year .
truth: build century regex for last year and the next years . 
test:  returns   generator
truth:  build   build

test:  test setcookiesfromurl when not provided .
truth: ensure completion is resized only if shrink is true . 
test:  test   null
truth:  ensure   completion

test:  creates a call to api via the api .
truth: generic api call function . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  null   api

test:  parse a functions starting with tokens as a functions argument .
truth: parse the tokens . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  numpy implementation of the softmax function .
truth: numppy implementation of the softmax function . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  null   implementation

test:  returns a union of all values in a .
truth: does the logic of a union operation without the non-deterministic ordering of python sets . 
test:  expect   a
truth:  does   null

test:  get the tricomplex for two open .
truth: get the first tricomplex multiplied by the other tricomplex . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  sequential network .
truth: two branches . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   branches

test:  returns a configuration object that can be configured in a configuration file .
truth: parse a configuration file and return a raw dictionary and dirpath . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a class for a method that will be called with no given interface .
truth: return method class . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   method

test:  mean detrend activation function .
truth: return x minus the mean(x) . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  return   x

test:  return local mean of an image .
truth: return image subtracted from its local mean . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   image

test:  return a file indicator .
truth: return a read-only indicator . 
test:  code   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parses the count of a stream .
truth: parses a quantifiers count . 
test:  parses   number
truth:  parses   a

test:  detect detect *val* is leap .
truth: return a predicate indicating whether *year_val* is a leap year . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   a

test:  load manifest .
truth: update the python sys . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  update   update

test:  render a value to the locale template .
truth: renders inlines in a post by passing them through inline templates . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  renders   null

test:  list all the available state modules in this environment .
truth: list all of the available state modules in an environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  change the default uid and gid of this process .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  change   change
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that parses and returns a json string as json string .
truth: a view that parses and returns a json string as a file . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return true if the number is a power of 2 .
truth: test if num is a positive integer power of 2 . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  drop connection info .
truth: parse the given db_or_uri and return a 2-tuple connection params are either a dictionary with a single key dsn containing a connection uri . 
test:  constructs   information
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a metadef object .
truth: create a metadef object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if a datetime needs to be run in the given window .
truth: check if a certicate needs renewal . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  gets the unitary dataset .
truth: gets the mnist dataset . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  creates a clique bipartite bipartite graph for all of the graph .
truth: returns the bipartite clique graph corresponding to g . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise an exception if the given path does not raise *exc* .
truth: determine whether the given call raises the given exception . 
test:  function   exception
truth:  determine   null

test:  return the nth root of the nth kind .
truth: returns the product of the first n primes or the primes less than or equal to n . 
test:  function   split
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return bytes encoded in the given string .
truth: ensure the given argument is in filesystem encoding . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test reactive 'visuals/reactive .
truth: test reactive ellipse attributes . 
test:  test   reactive
truth:  test   reactive

test:  enable masquerade on a zone .
truth: remove masquerade on a zone . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   masquerade

test:  return content as a text file .
truth: read the contents of the file named filename and return it in a string . 
test:  content   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a document .
truth: normalizes eventual dotted fields so validation can be performed seamlessly . 
test:  normalizes   normalize
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  format a list with beautiful commas commas .
truth: format a number with beautiful commas . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  flatten a nested dictionary of option names .
truth: flatten settings . 
test:  make   generator
truth:  settings   settings

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a single colorbar . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  install a ion .
truth: turn interactive mode on . 
test:  disables   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  parse an ipv4 or subsection string into an integer .
truth: convert mac address string in human readable format into integer value . 
test:  returns   array
truth:  convert   mac

test:  a bool that uses bool .
truth: test that mixing symbols with boolean values works as expected . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  helper to convert a parameters to a scale .
truth: assemble parameters for scaling . 
test:  read   scaling
truth:  assemble   parameters

test:  creates a new mine .
truth: mine the next block on a chain . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  null   mine

test:  get delayed for ground and side of credentials in the identity .
truth: returns the bearing between the two locationglobal objects passed as parameters . 
test:  returns   distance
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deletes content contents .
truth: delete both the test marker index and the content index . 
test:  remove   run
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a dictionary of common elements of x .
truth: calculate -> weight dict calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  list the packages currently installed for a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external dependencies:: virtual package resolution requires aptitude .
truth: list the packages currently installed in a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running netstat .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running netstat . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tests datetimes are made naive of the given timezone naive .
truth: tests datetimes are made naive of the configured timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  issues a system domain after the system .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  ignore   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  parse the application to get the current page .
truth: parse an application operator . 
test:  parse   code
truth:  parse   parse

test:  this function adapted to make a torrent .
truth: copy torrent directory to headphones-modified to keep files for seeding . 
test:  utf-8   null
truth:  copy   torrent

test:  convert a chunk of bytes to a chunk .
truth: encode a string into multiple lines of base-64 data . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  get matrix starting from the object if it exists .
truth: get matrix starting from the object if it exists . 
test:  get   matrix
truth:  get   matrix

test:  prompt a user to prompt the user with the provided number of value .
truth: based on: url . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  based   null

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of f in k[x] .
truth: compute square-free decomposition of f in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   return
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a random convolution with the same number of n .
truth: generate random slice for a single dimension of length n . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  get the http thread for the current thread .
truth: get the requestcontext for the current thread . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return information on a specific user .
truth: get the many addresses of the bluetooth adapter cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: install the poll() reactor . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  translates a pem string to a pem string .
truth: encode every line between the first ----- and the 2nd-to-last ----- . 
test:  function   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a string of string for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  change   change

test:  execute a command and return the output .
truth: run + sudo . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   +

test:  verify the message is a certain number .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a suffix based on the suffix of the function .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the suffix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[suffix]: action . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  utility function to coerce a url to the temporary url .
truth: given an absolute url . 
test:  url   null
truth:  given   null

test:  helper function to print the log file for the log file .
truth: writes log file log_data: dictionary of details about reverse primer removal log_f: open filepath to write log details . 
test:  write   gcd
truth:  log   log

test:  computes polynomial composition f(g) in k[x] .
truth: primitive polynomial remainder sequence in k[x] . 
test:  multivariate   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  prints product .
truth: displays a single item: title . 
test:  prints   copy
truth:  displays   a

test:  return a formatted time string .
truth: given a time in milliseconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test decorator for tests that require the module to skip .
truth: check if we want to skip this module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   check

test:  long line candle .
truth: modified hikkake pattern . 
test:  null   line
truth:  modified   null

test:  select a different extension based on the host header .
truth: select a different handler based on the host header . 
test:  select   a
truth:  select   a

test:  another wrapper method .
truth: a wrapper method for the pywinupdater class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  performs a list of first occurred to critical .
truth: compute the critical pair corresponding to two labeled polynomials . 
test:  extract   number
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a set containing only strings from a codons where all derivatives are re .
truth: generate regular expression based on a given list of codons . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  private helper for multinomial .
truth: computes the multinomial loss . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  wraps   api
truth:  null   api

test:  returns root element for a doctype with a tree structure .
truth: get root element of a doctype with a tree structure . 
test:  returns   root
truth:  get   root

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  a replacement for internalerror with an element with an explicit timeout .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  load a file containing email aliases .
truth: load a file containing email aliases . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  add   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  sending a message to hipchat server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v2 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  only load if grafana is available .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   statistics

test:  creates a new formatters .
truth: build a list of formatter . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  build   a

test:  create a pipeline with many containers .
truth: if the enterprise app is enabled . 
test:  add   add
truth:  if   null

test:  find the tag that will be leading .
truth: find tag in an open fif file descriptor . 
test:  find   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  render a line of tokens as hacked at the beginning of up to async element .
truth: separate line at operator . 
test:  go   null
truth:  separate   line

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the given location .
truth: redirects to a url with parameters . 
test:  redirect   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  install a package with a setup .
truth: install a package with a setup . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  import a class .
truth: imports and returns the class described by import_path . 
test:  import   import
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return the pub key to use .
truth: return the ssh pubkey . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns only the specified displayed blocks of the specified block .
truth: a wrapper to only show xblocks that set show_in_read_only_mode when masquerading as a specific user . 
test:  filter   filter
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  dont push an object .
truth: just return . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a ticket with the specified numpy .
truth: generate and save an icinga2 ticket . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  submit the recaptcha challenge to the given response .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  quotes   returns
truth:  submits   a

test:  set a parameter in input .
truth: allows setting parameters with 10m = 10* 1024 * 1024 and so on . 
test:  set   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  summarize a network range given the address and last class .
truth: summarize a network range given the first and last ip addresses . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  summarize   a

test:  accepts a document with the notes api .
truth: find notes in the given document and mark them up as such . 
test:  function   start
truth:  notes   notes

test:  return all global-level defined by a module .
truth: return all global-level variables defined in a module . 
test:  module   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager which adds a with statement which will run in the given thread with the given mode .
truth: disable back-propagation for variable whose volatile is auto . 
test:  tear   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the cpu speed sensor . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a reduced terms to a normal matrix .
truth: computes the probability corresponding to given odds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  read the subgraph stored in the given port .
truth: read a value from a gpio . 
test:  grab   input
truth:  read   a

test:  a feature with a background header .
truth: running background with header . 
test:  null   a
truth:  running   background

test:  view a complete server groups .
truth: gets security groups of an instance . 
test:  have   server
truth:  gets   security

test:  returns true if g is a threshold graph .
truth: returns true if g is a threshold graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the manifest for the given version .
truth: take an extension pk and extract 128x128 icon from its zip file . 
test:  changes   failure
truth:  take   null

test:  group a list of people by object .
truth: group stream by object yields ( . 
test:  use   use
truth:  stream   stream

test:  remove all courses courses in the course .
truth: removes any in-process courses in courses list . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns the url to display for the given url .
truth: bounce a url off outgoing . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  bounce   a

test:  gets the media prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the static prefix . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs
truth:  expected   assignment_unlimited_args_kwargs

test:  setup the virtual environment .
truth: create virtualenv in . 
test:  grab   attempts
truth:  create   virtualenv

test:  retrieve the docker client identified by a cluster .
truth: open a docker client to the given address . 
test:  null   search
truth:  open   a

test:  parses the textual hostname from the os or check=a&check=b&name=bob& hostname .
truth: given a hostname that may have a port name . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   a

test:  determines the reason for invalid email .
truth: determine reason why email is invalid . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  determine   reason

test:  load a certificate and handle the pem time .
truth: load a certificate . 
test:  given   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create node positions for g using graphviz layout .
truth: create node positions using pydot and graphviz . 
test:  create   node
truth:  create   node

test:  delete a post .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  method to encode streams using the jbig2 standard .
truth: method to encode streams using the ccitt facsimile standard . 
test:  consume   method
truth:  to   method

test:  if the given credentials are valid .
truth: if the given credentials are valid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  popup text to inputbox .
truth: it opens a centered popup and returns the text entered by the user . 
test:  given   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  return a generator for all files in the given directory .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   egg
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the host name .
truth: cross-platform way to get the current computer name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   way

test:  returns the score from the google as a float .
truth: returns the score values from the submissions api if found . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a test run server with a server .
truth: test django httpd threading . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   django

test:  iterates over items of a mapping yielding keys and values of dicts as specified in the mapping of values to values of dicts .
truth: iterates over the items of a mapping yielding keys and values without dropping any from more complex structures . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  decorator to skip tests if a condition is true .
truth: the reverse from skipif . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  remove the original log files .
truth: remove p0 from dumx . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  ensure that diskcache .
truth: test querying existing meta data file from activated cache . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  writes the given file with the given private key .
truth: write the given contents to a file . 
test:  craft   method
truth:  write   null

test:  register a migratin with the runner .
truth: registers an image save function . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  implement :nth-last-child() if data specifies a and b are constants .
truth: for each backends . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  null   null

test:  find common common paths in the tree with all paths matching the paths .
truth: out of some paths it finds the common roots that need monitoring . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attaches a virtual machine template from the given template .
truth: instantiates a new virtual machine from a template . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  instantiates   a

test:  get pillar segments from loops .
truth: get segments inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   segments

test:  converts a time in the private key to a i .
truth: transoform a typical xml format class into java format . 
test:  replaces   helper
truth:  null   a

test:  test adding spot bucket bucket to one instance of the spot instance .
truth: test that moto correctly filters spot instance requests . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  build a dict with key grouped by expire .
truth: list muting user . 
test:  hidden   build
truth:  list   muting

test:  get the current schema setting for the specified user .
truth: get whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a tuple of the form names and major and major names .
truth: return optimal available _flinalg function objects with names . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  like check_output but converts a function to a handler or a handler object .
truth: here were constructing a closure for our streamreader callback . 
test:  null   null
truth:  were   null

test:  return the static page index for the static page .
truth: get the static index page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  rule : rule plus rule .
truth: rule : id : morerules ; . 
test:  null   value
truth:  null   rule

test:  returns an iterator over the edges of g .
truth: generate an ordering of the graph nodes to make a sparse matrix . 
test:  generate   context
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to load a cache backend dynamically .
truth: function to load a cache backend dynamically . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run all the tests in the addons directory . 
test:  test   run
truth:  run   run

test:  lists all nodes in the account .
truth: return a list of registered vms . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  copy a repo .
truth: clones a repository . 
test:  clones   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  return a csr object .
truth: manage a certificate signing request name: path to the csr properties: the properties to be added to the certificate request . 
test:  set   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value .
truth: helper to easily and clearly define a dictionary by specifying the respective patterns for the key and value . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns a tuple of the softmax expansion of the former .
truth: returns a dict with float values that sum to 1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a unicode object to a unicode string .
truth: try to return a text aka unicode object from the given data . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  to   try

test:  once a git repository .
truth: check git commit messages . 
test:  null   form
truth:  git   git

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  script entry point to upgrade the password from the proxy invalidate .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  using   function
truth:  to   connect

test:  make sure every spelling is correct .
truth: check spelling . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  check   spelling

test:  computes the gaussian kl divergence of a gaussian distribution .
truth: computes the kl-divergence of gaussian variables from the standard one . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  computes the auto auth of a course .
truth: logout and login with given credentials . 
test:  use   items
truth:  logout   logout

test:  returns true if the system is enabled .
truth: check whether ipv6 is enabled on this host . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  check whether the process is a correct process .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer for input to a recurrent layer . 
test:  given   add
truth:  function   function

test:  test the iba error accuracy .
truth: test if an error is raised when a scoring metric take over parameters than y_pred . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return the queryset of the content to which the user is allowed to access the process tree .
truth: wrapper around get_recommended_content() that fills in user info . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the given node is an inherited builtin .
truth: checks if an assignment node in an except handler clobbers an existing variable . 
test:  return   imports
truth:  if   checks

test:  test that the git repository names from setters .
truth: git backend should be able to install from sha1 revisions . 
test:  backend   backend
truth:  backend   backend

test:  blocks a client and returns the client .
truth: return a keystone client object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the graph that contains edges in g .
truth: return minimum cardinality edge dominating set . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   minimum

test:  match matches in text .
truth: return first matching element of list matches in text . 
test:  verify   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return the imgs of a numpy image .
truth: make a grid from images . 
test:  to   find
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  unquote a string such that it can be embedded within a single string .
truth: returns unquoted po term string . 
test:  =   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of installed distribution objects .
truth: return a list of installed distribution objects . 
test:  look   a
truth:  return   a

test:  builds a string to a different requirements .
truth: return the built contents of the letsencrypt-auto script . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  return   return

test:  remounts data: notation .
truth: substitutes "lambda" with its sympy equivalent lambda() . 
test:  value   method
truth:  null   null

test:  test that digits with digits of digits with digits .
truth: test performance report with added digits in floating point values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   performance

test:  returns a list of callers .
truth: in python 3 . 
test:  float   f
truth:  null   python

test:  retain a media library object .
truth: retain a reference to a media library object . 
test:  retain   media
truth:  retain   a

test:  creates a new .
truth: return true if the url title makes it a good candidate to be a page that contains lyrics of title by artist . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  modify an existing pool .
truth: delete an existing pool . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  ensure that when a user is created .
truth: automatically adds user to users group . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  checks that fasta is equivalency parameters fasta numpy array of fasta labels returns set of fasta strings or set of fasta scores : int number of fasta labels .
truth: tests for equivalent labels . 
test:  make   loop
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return true if the accept header is an accept header .
truth: parse the accept header and return a list of available types in preferred order . 
test:  get   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  saves the current setting to a file .
truth: updates a list-valued setting . 
test:  dumps   null
truth:  updates   a

test:  returns a list of sequences that share the labeled labeled .
truth: print the list of [column . 
test:  consume   convert
truth:  print   print

test:  convert a linecollection to a line3dcollection .
truth: convert a 2d line to 3d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a row of degrees to a feature .
truth: convert a database row dict to a feature dict . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  checks if the tree suffix matches the tree .
truth: one iteration of the wright . 
test:  clip   null
truth:  null   iteration

test:  cast a cython double complex double complex to a numpy type .
truth: cast a numpy cdouble to a cython double complex . 
test:  cast   function
truth:  cast   a

test:  dissassociates a route table from a route .
truth: replaces a route table association . 
test:  given   null
truth:  replaces   a

test:  remove keys from environment vars .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environment . 
test:  get   item
truth:  get   a

test:  list all of the windows windows user under which to install the windows subset of windows windows runas the user under which to run windows windows windows .
truth: return a list of vhost based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  logs a failure .
truth: sets status to error for any persistent ovo . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  sets   status

test:  context manager to update requirements changed .
truth: checks for changes in the requirements file across an update . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  checks   checks

test:  update the visitors and save between the google analytics .
truth: get new visitor data from google analytics and save . 
test:  stats   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test that a question can be loaded .
truth: test question . 
test:  question   null
truth:  question   question

test:  parse a content-range header into .
truth: parse a content-range header into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which will login the server warning method .
truth: returns a status code indicating an invalid signature . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  shows the correct migration for the provided migration .
truth: executes after settings are full installed and configured . 
test:  place   remove
truth:  executes   null

test:  verify that the given package exists .
truth: verify that package_data globs make sense . 
test:  if   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  tests that hugs range type successfully handles a range of values .
truth: tests that hugs range type successfully handles ranges of numbers . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load a batch of data .
truth: internal utility for parsing cifar data . 
test:  load   load
truth:  null   utility

test:  parse a string in the form .
truth: parse an xml or pem-formatted private key . 
test:  string   parses
truth:  parse   parse

test:  database string list of installer .
truth: to make the upgrade role idempotent . 
test:  null   a
truth:  make   null

test:  download the latest artifacts file .
truth: download all the artifacts from the latest build . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  returns a decorator that used to create a task that may be used as a pkg .
truth: behaves the same way as invoke . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  behaves   null

test:  decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods .
truth: decorator to make a view only accept particular request methods . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  combine powers so that handle sequential entities .
truth: simply join the child nodes with a double vertical line . 
test:  concatenate   string
truth:  join   join

test:  returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 time .
truth: returns a string suitable for rfc 2822 compliant message-id . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates and returns an instance of the given instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form . 
test:  create   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wsgi application function .
truth: wrapper for djangos wsgihandler() . 
test:  start   wsgi
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check that a particular ip is available on the specified vm or list of dicts: .
truth: proxmox vms refuse to start when the ip is already being used . 
test:  check   check
truth:  vms   vms

test:  edge local connectivity for nodes and v .
truth: returns local edge connectivity for nodes s and t in g . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new context .
truth: this function initializes the freeipa/ipa api . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  function   function

test:  given a tree for a given trees .
truth: calculate branch support for a target tree given bootstrap replicate trees . 
test:  find   a
truth:  calculate   branch

test:  print lower values to a block in a block .
truth: print two pixels arranged above each other with ansi color . 
test:  print   function
truth:  print   print

test:  delete the default history instance .
truth: updates the user history with the specified timestamp and auth code . 
test:  updates   in
truth:  updates   updates

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  provide   init_declarator
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns statistics about the locate database cli example: .
truth: runs the quotastats command . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  runs   runs

test:  remove all errors from duplicates .
truth: filter duplicates from given errors list . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  the boolean should not cause a boolean for a boolean .
truth: test for issue 360 . 
test:  null   check
truth:  test   test

test:  runs the string in an xfs format .
truth: prunes the dump session identified by the given session id . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if a user is enabled for this experiment .
truth: return a list of enabled features and experiments for the user . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  transform a tensor into an array of correlation matrix parameters dim : writeme returns writeme .
truth: creates empty theano shared variable . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  return a symbolic tensor variable .
truth: return a symbolic 3-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add x path output to outputs .
truth: add x path output to outputs . 
test:  add   display
truth:  add   x

test:  reboot the system at the system path at the system .
truth: reboot the system at_time the wait time in minutes before the system will be rebooted . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   reboot

test:  the restful handler for course uploads .
truth: the restful handler for importing a course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a databases to the mysql server .
truth: shows the tables in the given mysql database cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  cool a gcode linear move file .
truth: raft a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  raft   a

test:  return a search for all python build files .
truth: return the directory containing installed python header files . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the queryset of all public based on the given request .
truth: decision function used in frontend - says which model should be used . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the given string is a json/ajax json/ajax .
truth: returns true if the node is a positive reply . 
test:  returns   node
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add collar .
truth: add collar . 
test:  add   shaft
truth:  add   collar

test:  adjust the cyclic root of t that is the first kind of cyclic wrt the broken: .
truth: replace riemann tensor with an equivalent expression r -> 2/3*r - 1/3*r + 1/3*r . 
test:  return   graph
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compute exponential generalized theta .
truth: generalized exponential correlation model . 
test:  correlation   correlation
truth:  generalized   exponential

test:  output json object describing vm type : string vm to be reprovisioned : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: .
truth: lookup info on running kvm vm : string vm to be targeted info_type : string [all|block|blockstats|chardev|cpus|kvm|pci|spice|version|vnc] info type to return key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  output   info
truth:  lookup   info

test:  retrieves the given pathspec from the host .
truth: splits a given path into . 
test:  split   op
truth:  splits   a

test:  parses a set symmetric union .
truth: parses a set difference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a commit request object .
truth: returns the review request id matching the pushed commit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether a path is a mount point clone of os .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a list of mf files into a dictionary of column files .
truth: return two lists: the first one contains the python files in the graph . 
test:  parse   find
truth:  return   return

test:  computes a given matches that a reference matches the closest matches the closest matches the closest matches the closest matches the closest matches the closest matches the closest matches the
truth: get pupil positions closest in time to ref points . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  get   get

test:  escape special characters .
truth: unescape special characters . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  unescape   unescape

test:  view function that returns the geocoding .
truth: returns context variables required by apps that use djangos authentication system . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  context   context

test:  check to make sure the given folder exists .
truth: check if a folder already exists . 
test:  if   elements
truth:  if   check

test:  quote command-line arguments for nt .
truth: quote command-line arguments for dos/windows conventions . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  decorator converts a caller function into a decorator that converts a decorator into a decorator .
truth: decorator converts a caller function into a decorator; decorator decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  run a new patch .
truth: run a particular patch . 
test:  patch   a
truth:  run   a

test:  ensure all the mail handler is present .
truth: test that the validate_folders passes if all mail is present . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  pull internet account from remote account .
truth: will be called via scheduler . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  be   null

test:  return a certificate in ascii format .
truth: gets a sane issuer from a given certificate . 
test:  uses   list
truth:  gets   a

test:  initialize vocabulary from file .
truth: initialize vocabulary from file . 
test:  initialize   vocabulary
truth:  initialize   vocabulary

test:  get a file-like object .
truth: get a file-like object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get ancestor random variables of input .
truth: get parent random variables of input . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   parent

test:  returns the xblocks date for this xblock .
truth: returns the release date for the xblock . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  net string .
truth: net string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  string   string

test:  ensure that the named password is present .
truth: ensures the given password is set on the esxi host . 
test:  set   install
truth:  ensures   null

test:  given a square path .
truth: sample num equidistant points from the path . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  sample   num

test:  deletes one or more config record .
truth: asynchronously deletes one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move file . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  wipe   a

test:  see regression .
truth: model of huesler reiss 1989 special case: a1=a2=1 : symmetric negative logistic of galambos 1978 restrictions: - lambda in . 
test:  transforms   checks
truth:  model   model

test:  test for standard word from c file syntax .
truth: test for get word from c file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  upgrades all packages via opkg upgrade returns a dictionary containing the changes: .
truth: run a full upgrade using macports port upgrade outdated options: refresh update ports with port selfupdate returns a dictionary containing the changes: . 
test:  upgrade   upgrades
truth:  run   a

test:  close all flatpage .
truth: explicitly clears all contexts in the current thread . 
test:  close   close
truth:  clears   null

test:  ensure that no redirect to the redirect with the correct redirect .
truth: test to ensure function causes a redirect with http 303 status code . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  helper function to create an httpconnection object .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns all elements of a sequence with specified units .
truth: return the product of a sequence of factors with multiplicities . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  attempt to commit the repository hash for the given criteria .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path we get the commit hash from : * ipython . 
test:  commit   current
truth:  short   get

test:  setup a vector on the elements of a vector where data is a 2-d image .
truth: this produces a dataset 5 times bigger than the original one . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  produces   null

test:  return a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all user fields as a json response for the given user .
truth: starting with django 1 . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  evaluate a polynomial at the terms of degree distribution .
truth: generates a sample according to a given multivariate cauchy distribution . 
test:  returns   gaussian
truth:  generates   a

test:  run students as students in students .
truth: returns list of students where certificates needs to be generated . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  list   list

test:  converts any given object to utf-8 encoded string .
truth: converts obj to its proper sql version . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  split a string into a lambda string .
truth: parse a sinica treebank string and return a tree . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef property . 
test:  get   service
truth:  get   a

test:  validates that value is a string of basestring or unicode .
truth: validates that value is an instance of basestring for python 2 or str for python 3 . 
test:  validates   string
truth:  validates   validates

test:  returns a list of python sqlite3 strings .
truth: the python sqlite3 interface returns always byte strings . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   python

test:  returns a cursor string .
truth: handler for the sqlite fetch method . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  get a blob from a path based on a blob .
truth: retreive metadata about a blobstore blob from the blob_key . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  template settings for new zealand - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template .
truth: template settings for philippines - designed to be used in a cascade with an application template . 
test:  settings   settings
truth:  settings   settings

test:  calculates an exponential transform .
truth: calculate -> list of probabilities calculate the probability for each class . 
test:  calculates   memory
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: evaluate sorting expression . 
test:  set   accepts
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  pack a pty-req request so it is suitable for sending .
truth: pack a pty-req request so that it is suitable for sending . 
test:  pack   a
truth:  pack   a

test:  set cohorts to inline cohorts for a course .
truth: given a course with no discussion set up . 
test:  set   dictionary
truth:  given   a

test:  get all group snapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all group snapshots belonging to a group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 .
truth: get historical data for ticker between date1 and date2 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset performance statistics to a daemon server .
truth: commit cluster changes . 
test:  commit   riak
truth:  commit   cluster

test:  extract messages from an iterator .
truth: extract "messages" from a list of exceptions or other objects . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  load a csv file from a numpy array or a csv specification .
truth: load csv file . 
test:  given   load
truth:  load   csv

test:  get a base64 encoded version .
truth: returns none if straddress is invalid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   none

test:  creates a document .
truth: creates a drawing document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  retrieves a dictionary mapping word indices back to words .
truth: retrieves the dictionary mapping word indices back to words . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that an error is raised by a value .
truth: appropriate errors get raised . 
test:  test   test
truth:  errors   errors

test:  test that the right signal is enforced .
truth: test the done method and completed/answered signals . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  serializes an object to a string representation of bytes .
truth: pickle doesnt handle dict sub-classes when using highest_protocol . 
test:  block   convert
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  transform the points .
truth: transform the points . 
test:  childnodes   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  make a voxel from sequences of voxel .
truth: make a transformation from mri_voxel to mri surface ras . 
test:  convert   apply
truth:  make   a

test:  gets the hold for a running channel .
truth: this function monitors all kicks across all channels sopel is in . 
test:  give   null
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a string starting at different options .
truth: atom ::= | [ expr ] | options | long | shorts | argument | command ; . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  atom   atom

test:  creates a dir with the given path .
truth: simple helper that ensures that any directories specified in the path are created prior to use . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  create a new vocabulary with the given css gradient .
truth: create a qt css linear gradient fragment based on the base_color . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get transformed path from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the vertexes by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of commits for the current request .
truth: if current method is put or post . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   current

test:  generate stdin loop that should be changed .
truth: the main loop of the program that runs when we are in stdin mode . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  return multidimensional discrete fourier transform .
truth: return inverse multi-dimensional discrete fourier transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   inverse

test:  gets the users info for a user .
truth: get the user info of the user in session . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  get   get

test:  bitsource get the unit of the previous circle .
truth: produce random points in the unit square . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  test a simple bar with a simple bar column .
truth: simple bar test . 
test:  test   application
truth:  null   bar

test:  converts a string into a unicode string .
truth: forces a value to be rendered as a non-localized value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  forces   a

test:  returns a list of indices from a single element .
truth: converts a list of matrices into a corresponding big block-diagonal one . 
test:  indices   index
truth:  converts   a

test:  computes md5 hash of an md5 hash .
truth: encoder using md5 . 
test:  hex   generate
truth:  using   encoder

test:  decorator to protect exceptions .
truth: new implementation of safe_mode . 
test:  ask   display
truth:  null   implementation

test:  give a list of page where the user can access the page .
truth: give a list of page where the user has publish rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  retrieve a list of all locales available in the repository .
truth: get a dict of the available locales e . 
test:  get   calls
truth:  get   a

test:  ireport restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  detach an ec2 volume from a given instance .
truth: detach an ebs volume from an ec2 instance . 
test:  given   detach
truth:  detach   detach

test:  applies a 2d convolution over an input image composed of several input planes .
truth: applies a 2d transposed convolution operator over an input image composed of several input planes . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  applies   a

test:  returns the storage for caching block structures .
truth: get loaded plugins - do not call before all plugins are loaded . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  loaded   get

test:  test helpcommand .
truth: test helpcommand . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  move to specific position tilt .
truth: move to specific tilt position all or specified cover . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   move

test:  a django-style value check that the value occurs in the crosscovariance for both the subheader layer_key and user .
truth: return bottom . 
test:  null   volume
truth:  return   bottom

test:  write amf message header .
truth: writes the flv header to stream . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  returns a list of tuples containing all of the entries present in a string .
truth: build metadata requests list from collection maps . 
test:  list   a
truth:  build   metadata

test:  change the username for a named user .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  source: android mobile link to download a file from its end .
truth: get item_id . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate commit entries that is independent of commit entries .
truth: reorder an iterable of entries topologically . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a template with a string .
truth: loads a template and renders it with a context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if the given key id exists in apt keyring . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a multivariate value in k[x] .
truth: subtract an element of the ground domain from f . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  subtract   null

test:  return a random func of the func to use for the wan in the function .
truth: select some random items or albums and print the results . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  select   null

test:  load the original data .
truth: load the mnist dataset . 
test:  partitioning   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the spectral ordering of the graph g .
truth: compute the spectral_ordering of a graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  update a vote with user related to direction .
truth: store info about the existence of this vote . 
test:  update   function
truth:  store   info

test:  decorator for checking if the user has access to the given admin .
truth: decorator for checking sales administrator access before executing an http endpoint . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  runs an interactive python application .
truth: runs an interactive python shell in the context of a given flask application . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  validate that string is a netmask .
truth: returns true if the value passed is a valid netmask . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file id .
truth: read data in admin folder in specified format . 
test:  to   a
truth:  read   data

test:  return the path to the directory containing the template files .
truth: return the expected path for the template to render . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given the log of the reference .
truth: given a list of reference values and a corresponding list of test probability distributions . 
test:  approximate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  list cloud provider data for all providers cli examples: .
truth: list cloud provider data for all providers . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  checks if a library needs to be .
truth: check minimum library version required . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   minimum

test:  this function implements a random range(n) .
truth: mutate an evolution strategy according to its :attr:strategy attribute as described in [beyer2002]_ . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mutate   null

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: this script showcases different terminal ui helpers in click . 
test:  command   bench
truth:  null   script

test:  detects if a string could be a valid point .
truth: detects if the passed string of data is bin or text . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  module importer - logs a module attribute .
truth: logs a module or module attribute ip is missing . 
test:  null   up
truth:  logs   a

test:  convert a value < 1000 to french special cased because it is the level that kicks off the < 100 special case .
truth: convert a value < 1000 to english . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test a np .
truth: test that converting to numpy array creates an object dtype and that each instance in the array has the expected type . 
test:  test   function
truth:  test   test

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  align the log pdf of the alignment date .
truth: returns the log probability of the two sentences c{source_sents[i]} . 
test:  align   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fail the test unless the expression is true .
truth: fail the test if the expression is true . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  user list .
truth: simple list of all checks . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  attempt to extract a time from a corresponding galaxy instance .
truth: extract label time course for lists of labels and source estimates . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  label   label

test:  write a list of all the tag .
truth: write a colon-separated list of names . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  for a predicative adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a function which is a phone number .
truth: determine if the number matches the given phonenumberdesc . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  akin to the host .
truth: merge directory a to directory b . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  merge   directory

test:  process the help page .
truth: returns a help page from evergreen . 
test:  open   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the url for the given handler .
truth: helper function for getting html for a page in studio and checking that it does not error . 
test:  find   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cross-correlation function for continuous inputs .
truth: returns the approximation of kolmogorovs distribution of the two-sample test . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decide whether to show documentation on a variable .
truth: decide whether to show documentation on a variable . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  spatially is the database response of a database .
truth: add an ascending sort key when pass a string . 
test:  join   a
truth:  add   add

test:  queries the stl activity group .
truth: determine the owner group for dvr_case_activity records from the service type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  computes polynomial resultant using subresultants over a ring in k[x] .
truth: resultant algorithm in k[x] using subresultant prs . 
test:  removes   algorithm
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression expression expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  apply origin to a btrfs indication .
truth: format playlist for output to mpd client . 
test:  to   a
truth:  format   playlist

test:  test if certificate has a x509 extension .
truth: assert that the x509extension with the matching name from the certificate has the given value . 
test:  assert   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorates a function or function from a job .
truth: enqueue a job to be run in the background . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   a

test:  yield unique items of an iterable .
truth: return an iterator over unique items of seq . 
test:  yield   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  salts a password hash with given ldap encoded password .
truth: hash a password . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  this decorator is a pickleable .
truth: this decorator is used to compile a python function into a c callback usable with foreign c libraries . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  raise an appropriate error message if there are any or an error .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  log   exception
truth:  log   log

test:  performs the vigenere cipher encryption on plaintext shift .
truth: performs shift cipher encryption on plaintext msg . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  shift   shift

test:  add cluster to cluster .
truth: add cluster name to image cache entries . 
test:  add   state
truth:  add   cluster

test:  set status to customer .
truth: set status . 
test:  set   status
truth:  set   status

test:  get the network device object .
truth: return network i/o statistics . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   network

test:  generate a new permission to transfer it to a new development .
truth: imports data from a sentry export . 
test:  saves   strings
truth:  imports   data

test:  autogen returns a function docstring with the given name .
truth: autogenerated wrappers will get their docstring from a base function with an addendum . 
test:  return   a
truth:  autogenerated   null

test:  str->str compute the stanzas kolmogorov-smirnov probability size .
truth: insert identity transformation matrices in b0 volumes to build up a list . 
test:  null   information
truth:  insert   identity

test:  make sure path is loaded .
truth: loads everything in a given path . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  loads   everything

test:  return an authentication handler for the given provider .
truth: return an authentication handler for the given provider . 
test:  is   display
truth:  return   return

test:  obtain a playlist manager from the requested context .
truth: get a database context manager object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  element-wise a tensor .
truth: reshapes a tensor to the specified shape . 
test:  function   a
truth:  reshapes   a

test:  find executable in current dir or file .
truth: find executable in current dir . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  agent edit page .
truth: agent edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  field_seq : list sep field_seq .
truth: const_list_seq : const_value sep const_list_seq | const_value const_list_seq . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  makes a function that returns a dictionary where values is the lists of lists of lists as a function called returns a list .
truth: takes a function/class that takes two positional arguments and a list of tuples and returns a huffman-like weighted tree of results/instances . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  retrieve a list of all available file names from system .
truth: list mounted filesystems . 
test:  get   null
truth:  mounted   list

test:  convert s to float or float .
truth: converts an a string to an int if possible . 
test:  s   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  insert a spelling file into spelling .
truth: adds spelling files to an existing index that was created without them . 
test:  create   server
truth:  adds   spelling

test:  test deprecated .
truth: regression test for an issue where classes that used super() in their __init__ did not actually call the correct classs __init__ in the mro . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds the charset to the native text .
truth: add character set properties to the global registry . 
test:  add   convert
truth:  add   character

test:  quit the database .
truth: called when the editor quits . 
test:  quit   function
truth:  called   null

test:  class decorator to cause a class to class .
truth: a simple constructor that allows initialization from kwargs . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  list all admin settings .
truth: return information regarding the current instance . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  return   information

test:  parse __kind__ queries .
truth: parse __kind__ queries . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  display a hint for a particular user .
truth: generic hint framework . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  null   hint

test:  get tox environment from the user supplied parser .
truth: get the environment to be used with tox . 
test:  returns   tox
truth:  get   get

test:  return the real request body .
truth: creates the body of the request to the language api in order to get an appropriate api response . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get a database connection by name .
truth: get a database connection by name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  a helper function to append a network field for a tenant .
truth: returns a list of tuples of all networks . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  update cached .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  update   h
truth:  compute   h

test:  lpar date .
truth: return current datetime as yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  return   current

test:  test that mapnode json json representation of mapnode is present in the dictionary with mapnode .
truth: tests that mapnodes dont generate excess jsons . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns default catalogue backend .
truth: get the default backend . 
test:  include   calculate
truth:  get   get

test:  apply the logistic derivative of the gamma function .
truth: apply the derivative of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  apply   bytes
truth:  apply   apply

test:  redirect to the owned by the current urls .
truth: enter a new assessment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  enter   a

test:  update the live dataset that contain a specified symlinks file .
truth: update the certificate file family symlinks to use archive_dir . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  determine if the python module is installed .
truth: check if given path is the python interpreter version 2 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test that a table from a table cycling cycling .
truth: test that we can pass a rank 3 ndarray or a list of rank 2 ndarrays to stratifiedtable and get the same results . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   test

test:  dedent that the simple formatter of the formatter formatter .
truth: just dedent text . 
test:  dedent   a
truth:  dedent   null

test:  dump over network and run classes .
truth: dump connections in network . 
test:  dump   options
truth:  dump   connections

test:  returns {status 0/1 .
truth: returns {status 0/1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a new list of vagrant vagrant .
truth: check that all values in list are unique and return a pruned and sorted list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  check   check

test:  use the line distance is the first word of the first word of the line which is the first word .
truth: parse gcode until the first word if there is one . 
test:  if   null
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  analyze an android dex file and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! .
truth: analyze an android application and setup all stuff for a more quickly analysis ! . 
test:  list   content
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  since fetch art url from albums .
truth: fetch album art for each of the albums . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   album

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convenience function for creating a qbuttongroup parameters x : array-like returns x : int number of arrays returns x : float32 .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  is   norm
truth:  null   reduction

test:  task used to send inbound through router queue queue .
truth: retrieve message from db and pass to blockingrouter for processing . 
test:  null   information
truth:  retrieve   message

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply the floor function to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  apply   apply

test:  get the longest dictionary d from a dict .
truth: returns an ordereddict with the contents of the input dictionary d sorted by the length of the keys . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the disk disk uuid .
truth: gets the rdm disk key . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a copy of the session .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  factor square-free cyclotomic by a constant in k[x] .
truth: efficiently factor polynomials x**n - 1 and x**n + 1 in z[x] . 
test:  polynomials   compute
truth:  null   factor

test:  reboot host .
truth: perform a power action on a host . 
test:  if   host
truth:  perform   a

test:  fill the upgrade table .
truth: fill the upgrade table . 
test:  fill   remove
truth:  fill   fill

test:  launch the specified users edx the specified user .
truth: log out the current user . 
test:  shows   function
truth:  log   log

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  a wrapper around timeit .
truth: timeit -> elapsed time calls func iter times with args and kwargs . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   timeit

test:  return travis with an unification of evalf .
truth: change all float entries in subs to have precision prec . 
test:  null   null
truth:  change   change

test:  change the state to see if there is a random state .
truth: a configurable test state which determines its output based on the inputs . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  null   a

test:  return a profile list of profiles .
truth: returns a list of all profiles that are public . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if the given ip address refers to this code is currently being executed .
truth: check if were inside an an ipython zmq frontend . 
test:  is   return
truth:  if   check

test:  given a batch of inputs .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for applying batch normalization to a set of activations . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  function   function

test:  use the joinable to set the list of strings to .
truth: return all available selections for the version to be chosen . 
test:  determine   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return the class for this router .
truth: returns a private copy of the effective router for the specified application . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  validate a string .
truth: validate if a string is valid utf-8 str or unicode and that it does not contain any null character . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   validate

test:  return true if the script is utilization .
truth: returns new sessionbus_ . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   new

test:  a list of content length .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  to   method
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  execute a python command .
truth: returns or sets the currently defined default python . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an expression for given chunks of bytes .
truth: compute the sha for a numeric type and object chunks . 
test:  apply   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a date string and return a date object for the specified format .
truth: parse a date from a string . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  test using edge mask of the column mask .
truth: laplace on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   laplace

test:  force the search result type and only into a list .
truth: test whether the test has passed or failed if the ignoreerrororder flag is set to true we dont test the relative positions of parse errors and non parse errors . 
test:  null   images
truth:  test   test

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  sends a put request to the remote server .
truth: sends out a task request to the appropriate host and stores the response in the designated queue . 
test:  is   stores
truth:  sends   null

test:  set up the source template .
truth: return the source of a template . 
test:  using   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  destroy the event handler for a given event .
truth: handle all pyhomematic device events . 
test:  input   home
truth:  handle   handle

test:  execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a .
truth: execute a machinectl pull-raw to download a . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return integer in n .
truth: return the bit width of python int . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  a shortcut around the lon_lat method that simply runs a bash query .
truth: escape single quotes in a shell command string and wrap it with bash -c <string> . 
test:  paragraphs   correct
truth:  escape   escape

test:  datetime datetime to be a datetime or a datetime object .
truth: convert dt to aware datetime . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   dt

test:  return the gravatar url for the specified size .
truth: gets a gravatar for a email address . 
test:  url   return
truth:  gets   a

test:  mutual information criterion of kde note: glacier of observations is estimated by kde .
truth: mutual information of two random variables estimated with kde . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  given a function that will take smtp information about the browser .
truth: hack: if using phantomjs . 
test:  change   verifies
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a hex hex hex string to a byte string .
truth: nicely formats hex strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  perf_counter_counter url .
truth: perf_counter_bulk_count url . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  import custom scripts .
truth: import custom scripts from [app]/fixtures/custom_scripts . 
test:  import   network
truth:  import   custom

test:  return true if the variable is lowercased .
truth: return true if the variable is lowercased . 
test:  test   return
truth:  return   return

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the smooth dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  checks for the header of the resnet-152 you can safely checks .
truth: checks for duplicates in headers . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  prompts for two or atom .
truth: a utility function to read a passphrase from stdin . 
test:  source   helper
truth:  null   utility

test:  function called by monte restart .
truth: copy a function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  copy   a

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the layer thickness . 
test:  get   vertex
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of tuples that represent test methods .
truth: find the entire list of skipped tests . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  initialize a outputs outputs from a userprofile .
truth: useful for simple command-line tools . 
test:  initialize   use
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dictionary created with the name and comic .
truth: converts a dnsname subjectalternativename field to the form used by the standard library on the given python version . 
test:  like   verifies
truth:  converts   a

test:  creates a public url .
truth: return the full . 
test:  add   return
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure a bookmark is absent on the system name : boolean force name of bookmark force : boolean try to destroy the dataset force : boolean try to destroy the
truth: ensure bookmark is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  ensure   chocolatey
truth:  ensure   bookmark

test:  block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write .
truth: block the current greenlet until *fileno* is ready to read or write . 
test:  block   block
truth:  block   block

test:  converts string to a native string .
truth: return a list of one-line strings with tabs expanded . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  return   a

test:  return a 303 redirect to the given status code .
truth: returns response object of given status code . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  returns   response

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  validates the length property property .
truth: validates the length of an indexed link property . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  render a formset for a bootstrap formset .
truth: render a formset to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  returns a responses to static error message if positional fails .
truth: create wsgi application that statically serves an error page . 
test:  send   status
truth:  create   wsgi

test:  teardown teardown .
truth: detect access log config of nginx . 
test:  test   download
truth:  access   access

test:  verify a password against a password against a given password code and hashed hashed .
truth: check a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  simplest possible application object .
truth: simplest possible application object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare two slices that appear in two typical log .
truth: compare two otu maps and compute fraction of otu_map1 . 
test:  null   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  create a test params that can be passed to the environment variables .
truth: test parameters that is specified by pytest . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   parameters

test:  displays all widgets widgets .
truth: add a "form-control" css class to the fields widget . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  change document collision page .
truth: handle when a mid-air collision is detected upon submission . 
test:  grab   module
truth:  handle   handle

test:  list all folders in the specified location .
truth: list all folders located in a specific location in the task scheduler . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get uptime by id .
truth: display the uptime of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  server   list
truth:  display   display

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  broadcast a remote method invocation with no return .
truth: invoke a remote method that does not return anything . 
test:  invoke   null
truth:  invoke   a

test:  creates a new firewall rule cli example: .
truth: creates a new firewall rule cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the commit configuration .
truth: commits the configuration changes made on the network device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  commits   commits

test:  create a brocade specific network/port-profiles .
truth: create a brocade specific network/port-profiles . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a clock clock from a anonymous or a file-like object .
truth: convert the flow tuple into a dictionary . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  provided for /bin/sh .
truth: distributes info[1] over info[2] with respect to info[0] . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dict containing the padded auth .
truth: get default password from secured file . 
test:  returns   configures
truth:  default   default

test:  parse the team response that a query response that is tcp by the function that is matched in seconds .
truth: initialize parsing of the packet . 
test:  parse   find
truth:  parsing   parsing

test:  reverse of :meth:get_pickleable_exception .
truth: get original exception from exception pickled using :meth:get_pickleable_exception . 
test:  reverse   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return hsv tuple on 0-255 scale .
truth: converts rgb tuple to hsv on mages scale . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  converts   rgb

test:  returns a list of dictionaries within a given value or none .
truth: validate that a value is in within and optionally a dtype . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list all existing existing globs .
truth: get all the paths that do in fact exist . 
test:  display   filesystem
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the likelihood likelihood estimator for the samples of x .
truth: cluster observation data using a given metric . 
test:  performs   compute
truth:  null   observation

test:  make sure that a ruby source is in the ruby name the ruby to add to the ruby specified as the ruby .
truth: make sure that a gem source is added . 
test:  add   a
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  work   load
truth:  make   null

test:  set the network configuration changes for the given host or list of host_names .
truth: set the network parameters for a network coredump collection . 
test:  to   ssh
truth:  set   set

test:  parse a pdb header into .
truth: returns the header lines of a pdb file as a dictionary . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate a list of values .
truth: validate that a value contains one or more space-delimited values . 
test:  callback   utility
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return a generator that generates a list of [file .
truth: evaluate globs in file paths and return all matching files . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  evaluate   globs

test:  returns true if the error code is http .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in an errornous http code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for :class:tvdbclient that checks if the current function is not a valid index .
truth: decorator assuring the wrapped method may only run if we are the default repository index . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  prevent an interface to the named service cli example: .
truth: enable an interface cli example: . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  function which will be called with process and will remove 1 .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  instantiate   logger
truth:  returns   logger

test:  get the evaluated boolean .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  extract the data from a bit file into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  packs a decorator to a method or optionparser .
truth: creates a header getter/setter . 
test:  create   information
truth:  creates   a

test:  this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 2d inputs with a set of 2d filters .
truth: this function will build the symbolic graph for convolving a mini-batch of a stack of 3d inputs with a set of 3d filters . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the corresponding jobs for a given job id .
truth: store additional minions matched on lower-level masters using the configured master_job_cache . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  store   store

test:  given the message .
truth: message sending handling . 
test:  sends   send
truth:  sending   sending

test:  returns a list of snippet files in the given directory .
truth: returns all matching snippet files for ft in directory . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  clear and maps a task .
truth: clear database cache before and after each task . 
test:  cleans   task
truth:  clear   database

test:  return a splunk search for the specified name .
truth: get a splunk search cli example: splunk_search . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  efficiently multiply f by a constant in k[x] .
truth: remove gcd of terms from f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   decorator
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  return a file path as a byte string .
truth: load msgpack pandas object from the specified file path this is an experimental library and the storage format may not be stable until a future release . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  load   msgpack

test:  return the reverse reverse of the given primers .
truth: return a dictionary with barcodes and rev-complement of rev primers . 
test:  turns   calculate
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the theano pdf of the normal distribution at *x*; args = asterisks is the variance of the deviation .
truth: credit: yann n . 
test:  function   scale
truth:  null   yann

test:  deletes a datastore entity from the given table .
truth: performs a hard delete on the app_entity_table for the given row key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  performs   a

test:  register keystoneclient engine for the given file .
truth: register any options for the storage system . 
test:  register   keystoneclient
truth:  register   register

test:  greatest - site tests .
truth: test script -- called when this module is run as a script . 
test:  default   run
truth:  test   script

test:  return a new exception data .
truth: extract the information about an exception . 
test:  exception   exception
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns the first i18n of the first split split split .
truth: infer the pyobjects of parameters of this pyfunction . 
test:  infer   null
truth:  infer   infer

test:  find the hg file in the directory of the script .
truth: find the files in dirname under mercurial version control . 
test:  return   return
truth:  find   find

test:  decorate a binary function for a binary .
truth: compiler factory for the _compiler . 
test:  using   line
truth:  null   factory

test:  give whether the email is not in the message .
truth: prevent mit mailing lists from signing up for zulip . 
test:  value   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  test a table with a column that has the resulting pprint .
truth: test that slicing / indexing table gives right values and col attrs inherit . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  when a filelink: method is called .
truth: calling after_test without start should not fail . 
test:  test   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  given a section of properties .
truth: this returns a dict having problems in a section . 
test:  extract   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function : atom | atom .
truth: function : oneway function_type identifier throws | oneway function_type identifier | function_type identifier throws | function_type identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  build similar to the texts .
truth: runs a hunt with a given client mock on given clients . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  runs   a

test:  return the weakly connected component of g .
truth: generate weakly connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  yield   context
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a process .
truth: return a generator yielding a process instance for all running processes . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of jobconf objects .
truth: get all known variants of the given jobconf variable . 
test:  translate   list
truth:  get   get

test:  error for functionality that use the official config file to make sure the modules are valid .
truth: validate that the modules that have been set up correctly . 
test:  validate   guess
truth:  validate   validate

test:  coerce value to a datetime .
truth: helper for :meth:table . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  null   helper

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   method

test:  serialize or disable email field instances .
truth: filter the e-mail recipients through configured e-mail hooks . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  subtracts port forwarding .
truth: remove a specific port from a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  restore a snapshot of the encoded directory .
truth: restores the project database from a previous backup . 
test:  restores   asdl
truth:  restores   null

test:  when a line should be returned with a line of t1 .
truth: ensure that scalar time instances are not reported as iterable by the isiterable utility . 
test:  null   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  save the registry cache dictionary .
truth: save the registry cache . 
test:  imports   cache
truth:  save   null

test:  returns the results of the first elements in a sequence .
truth: fill the block coordinates of the given hsp dictionary . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  fill   fill

test:  struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union id .
truth: struct_or_union_specifier : struct_or_union lbrace struct_declaration_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  renders a warning with an optional error code .
truth: print a warning message on the rich text view . 
test:  shows   execution
truth:  print   a

test:  generate a cones instance of the given power .
truth: creates a 3x3 lms->rgb conversion matrix from the spectral input powers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  register pprint .
truth: uses the new style of registration based on github pelican issue #314 . 
test:  plugin   register
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return true if name is a tar .
truth: return true if name is a considered as an archive file . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return action that allow you to be able to database .
truth: a background job that uses the postgresql database . 
test:  change   null
truth:  null   background

test:  return html .
truth: transform the url into clickable link with <a/> tag . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  transform   transform

test:  set up registered virtualenvs .
truth: setup python virtual environments for all the registered or the provided pack . 
test:  need   register
truth:  setup   python

test:  writes an error message to the given message .
truth: prints the given error message and exists the program . 
test:  write   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object with the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get gear gear gear gear .
truth: get gear profile for an annulus gear . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  generate a link .
truth: generate a side chain . 
test:  to   feature
truth:  generate   a

test:  list all task triggers to a task in the specified location .
truth: list all triggers that pertain to a task in the specified location . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  list   list

test:  this returns a dict with information about the user certificates where the user is authorized in .
truth: request the on-demand creation of a certificate for some user . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  request   request

test:  disable state from a state or list of completed names cli example: .
truth: disable state runs . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   state

test:  depending on the given validators .
truth: depending on the given parameters returns the appropriate validators for the genericipaddressfield . 
test:  depending   null
truth:  depending   null

test:  check if a server is not installed .
truth: check the real server exists in the specified service . 
test:  null   information
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a new value for the given list of values of values of values of values .
truth: multiplies a vector by the transpose of the constraints matrix . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  multiplies   a

test:  like unpickle .
truth: unpickle the string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   unpickle

test:  create the categories with the specified categories .
truth: print category and its sub-categories . 
test:  null   print
truth:  print   category

test:  tests that the grammar needs to be standardized for the dict .
truth: test vincent grammar dict . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a file-like object for fileorpath .
truth: resolve the actual file path of fileorpath . 
test:  get   get
truth:  resolve   null

test:  clear all the tests for the geos tests .
truth: clear all tests from c{suite} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  diff of a unified diff for a and returns a long diff .
truth: return a unified diff of two strings . 
test:  diff   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to nipy_spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  start cgconfig service .
truth: condrestart cgconfig service . 
test:  check   dot
truth:  null   cgconfig

test:  context manager to temporarily create a temporary shell folder .
truth: unpack the xpi . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  remove the file or directory unless it does not exist .
truth: ensure file deleted also on *windows* where read-only files need special treatment . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  file   file

test:  returns calendar .
truth: returns image . 
test:  returns   calendar
truth:  returns   image

test:  ensures that the named alias is present with the given id .
truth: generate a locale if it is not present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  run the json-string with the given lock and lock .
truth: this is the mainline . 
test:  null   use
truth:  is   null

test:  return the vms status .
truth: get the status for a vm . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  get   get

test:  check for all usage of the command line .
truth: helper to ensure we print usage . 
test:  if   response
truth:  to   helper

test:  get a value from the etcd interface .
truth: get a value from couchdb by id . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  notifies a set of data and a set of its handlers .
truth: attempts access nested data structures and not blow up on a gross key error . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  access   access

test:  return the key key for a value .
truth: get settings from django . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  settings   settings

test:  merge a dictionary of valid keys .
truth: merge valid keys from extra into params dictionary and return dictionary with keys which have been merged . 
test:  validate   attempts
truth:  merge   merge

test:  encode bytes or bytes to bytes .
truth: takes anything and attempts to return a py2 string or py3 bytes . 
test:  encode   bytes
truth:  takes   anything

test:  parse a repository tag .
truth: splits image identification into base image path . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  splits   image

test:  returns the md5 key for a nonce .
truth: get an auth key to use for authentication . 
test:  password   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a release-group key .
truth: get the work with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a work key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  get   get

test:  disassociate all fixed ip associated with a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  get   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  only work on datetime .
truth: checks audience field from a jwt payload . 
test:  verifies   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  writes debug data to disk .
truth: write data to file descriptor . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   data

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  extract the root key for a given entity key .
truth: extracts the root key from an entity key . 
test:  read   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  update scene exceptions that have been updated .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  update   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this deletes update update for a given user and update .
truth: dont delete course update item from db . 
test:  log   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  compute polynomial factors over finite fields .
truth: generate random irreducible polynomial of degree n in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns true if the lun is available on the server .
truth: returns a boolean value depending on whether a lun id is available . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer .
truth: a replacement for internalerror that presents a nice page with lots of debug information for the programmer . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  getrandominteger:long return random n-bit random number .
truth: getrandominteger:long return a random number with exactly n-bits . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert data to string .
truth: try to sanitise a base32 string if its slightly wrong . 
test:  log   null
truth:  to   try

test:  a generic default context .
truth: return a backports . 
test:  null   vdi
truth:  return   a

test:  strip blacklisted characters from a color .
truth: return a tuple from a qcolor . 
test:  text   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure that the history pipes pipes pipes work .
truth: command history . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  command   history

test:  returns the closest time between begin and end .
truth: returns the closest end . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterates over the dev_appserver of a parent .
truth: format is: where each keyi and valuei is an object . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  format   format

test:  wrapper for the resized tensor .
truth: resize images preserving the original aspect ratio . 
test:  function   image
truth:  resize   images

test:  retrieve a timestamp by name .
truth: return a naive utc datetime object . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   tests
truth:  fit   fit

test:  checks whether the given string is a valid x .
truth: raise exception according to unrar exit code . 
test:  check   version
truth:  exception   exception

test:  return a toggle test user providers directory .
truth: return the base test providers dir . 
test:  test   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the repository name and return the repository name .
truth: validate whether the given name qualifies as a new ts repo name . 
test:  confirm   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  divide all coefficients of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: efficiently divide f by x**n in k[x] . 
test:  apply   return
truth:  divide   null

test:  test that the event handler matches the given secret .
truth: an endpoint for logging events using segments webhook integration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  decodes a packet binary string .
truth: encodes a packet dictionary into a binary string . 
test:  encode   threads
truth:  encodes   a

test:  get a context manager for the running api .
truth: sends a get request to the testing server associated with context context: a behave context url: a relative url . 
test:  send   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  renders the courseware of the given xblock .
truth: render the content requested for the lti launch . 
test:  returns   task
truth:  render   render

test:  encrypts a message using encryption key ekey .
truth: encrypts a message using encryption key ekey . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a cauchy distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   crud

test:  check the file sanity return the current block .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  supplied   return
truth:  if   check

test:  a context manager that updates a blank pipeline .
truth: simulate that a pipeline is currently running . 
test:  create   target
truth:  simulate   null

test:  benchmark score for help processing .
truth: method to calculate an environments benchmark score from merged monitor files . 
test:  list   normalize
truth:  to   method

test:  returns true if method is a bottleneck .
truth: skip if we have bottleneck installed and its >= 1 . 
test:  receive   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the default value for a given axis .
truth: convenience method to get or set axis properties . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  parameters date:yyyy-mm-dd2016-08-09 1 .
truth: iterator generating all duples option name -> value @see :func:get_returner_options . 
test:  null   override
truth:  generating   iterator

test:  entry point .
truth: runs the test by spawning off another ip process which utilizes the newly created dlls directory . 
test:  function   run
truth:  runs   runs

test:  return the delimiter file for a gcode file .
truth: return a delimiter based on a filename . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a tcl .
truth: when freezing from a windows venv . 
test:  handle   handle
truth:  freezing   null

test:  only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the mysql module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  splits the regex and creates simple calling calling .
truth: applies regular expression filtering to a query . 
test:  string   null
truth:  applies   null

test:  removes lambda function .
truth: returns list of aliases for a specified function . 
test:  returns   update
truth:  list   list

test:  a quadratic .
truth: deprecated: use zero_grad() or disconnected_grad() instead . 
test:  boolean   return
truth:  use   use

test:  get a maximum of the paths with each component the respective components of a vector3 paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   mean
truth:  get   a

test:  unpack a filename to a directory .
truth: extract archive c{filename} into directory c{dir} . 
test:  leading   a
truth:  archive   archive

test:  return the path to the scripts .
truth: factory function for unpickling pytz tzinfo instances . 
test:  elementwise   noop
truth:  function   function

test:  return a tuple representing the absolute physical path of a resource object based on its position in a resource tree .
truth: return a string object representing the absolute physical path of the resource object based on its position in the resource tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the unit name used by the locale for the given unit .
truth: get the display name for a measurement unit in the given locale . 
test:  find   directories
truth:  get   get

test:  list all sids within the test cases .
truth: given [testsong] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  list the keys of the provided ask .
truth: display the enhancement to the user . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if the graph is maximal in g .
truth: decides whether the given set or dictionary represents a valid maximal matching in g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decides   null

test:  replaces space character ( ) with a dash character (#) followed by a new line ( requirement: * mysql 4 .
truth: replaces space character ( ) with a dash comment followed by a random string and a new line ( requirement: * mssql * sqlite notes: * useful to bypass several web application firewalls * used during the zeronights sql injection challenge . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  handle wsgi services mapping .
truth: handle cgi request using service mapping . 
test:  search   a
truth:  handle   cgi

test:  create authors file using git commits .
truth: create authors file using git commits . 
test:  p   authors
truth:  create   authors

test:  called in utc to decimal measured .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  runstest 1samp .
truth: use runs test on binary discretized data above/below cutoff parameters x : array_like data . 
test:  test   mouse
truth:  runs   runs

test:  calculate the number of angles distance between the given distance as a series parameters theta : scalar the series of distance between 4 distance .
truth: order angles to reduce the amount of correlated information in subsequent projections . 
test:  inserts   generator
truth:  order   order

test:  change the python interpreter with integer and builtins .
truth: setup printing in python interactive session . 
test:  create   null
truth:  printing   printing

test:  convert days to a time string .
truth: convert a time string to a time tuple . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  store item pointer pointer .
truth: store the item at the given array pointer . 
test:  multiply   a
truth:  store   store

test:  train the web server .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  launches   null
truth:  train   a

test:  generates all the available services .
truth: return a dictionary of all available services on the system . 
test:  read   test
truth:  return   a

test:  insert some data into a file-like object .
truth: insert data into fileobj at position c{start} . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns a generator of python 2 .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring in python 3 . 
test:  iterator   iterator
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  return the c code of a kernel function .
truth: return the c code of a kernel function . 
test:  generates   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the users uid group cli example: .
truth: grain for the minion user id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   grain

test:  return a list of unique paths .
truth: return a collection of unique resolved paths . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a temporary tempfile .
truth: create an empty . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the system info from the object .
truth: get data from system_info table . 
test:  return   key
truth:  get   data

test:  tickets index page .
truth: all available tickets . 
test:  default   null
truth:  null   null

test:  alternative implementation of the smallest tests .
truth: perform a paired t test between samples . 
test:  test   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  llvm a llvm function to return a llvm function .
truth: calls printf() . 
test:  call   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  helper for quickly that pads a list of indices .
truth: find named groups in pattern and replace them with the group name . 
test:  if   updates
truth:  named   find

test:  validate mailgun webhook hmac webhook .
truth: check whether this is a valid webhook sent by mailgun . 
test:  null   message
truth:  check   check

test:  logs out user .
truth: update request . 
test:  to   stores
truth:  request   request

test:  link to the api url .
truth: return url to documentation . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  url   url

test:  discard the file checkcache .
truth: discard cache entries that are out of date . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parses a config string for repository .
truth: parses a config string into a dict . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  return a 1-in-n permutations of size in it .
truth: permutes the indices of an array . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  permutes   null

test:  merge a list of cookie data .
truth: add cookies to cookiejar and returns a merged cookiejar . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  add   cookies

test:  write the composite data to a file .
truth: write a png chunk to the output file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a list of names of the plot class .
truth: get a sorted list of all of the plotting commands . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  update an existing or update an object .
truth: update the status of a flagged object . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  update   update

test:  skip decorated test if configuration is true .
truth: raise skiptest if a configuration option has a certain value . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  decodes a slug .
truth: normalize string . 
test:  required   null
truth:  string   string

test:  find globals in this statement .
truth: find globals in this statement . 
test:  find   globals
truth:  find   globals

test:  event changes to user preferences .
truth: emit analytics events after saving the user . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  emit   analytics

test:  check if misc/acks has been changed .
truth: check if misc/acks has been changed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check if object is nonstring .
truth: returns whether the obj is an iterable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  negative comparison .
truth: negative comparison should be done using "not in" and "is not" . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   comparison

test:  validate the action actions .
truth: validate that the filters are appropriate for the action type . 
test:  returns   flag
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the window window .
truth: no window function; simply return x . 
test:  null   window
truth:  null   window

test:  return a multivariate polynomial at a in k[x] .
truth: convert float to value suitable for humans . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  float   float

test:  returns the mode for a table .
truth: return the most common data point from discrete or nominal data . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   return

test:  information about the registered token .
truth: information about a session . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  check that fab and different separations separations works .
truth: test 3d separation functionality . 
test:  check   x
truth:  test   test

test:  deletes the specified security group group cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified security group cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return the jid wigner of the supplied package .
truth: calculate the wigner 6j symbol operatorname{wigner6j} . 
test:  null   density
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  defines a flag whose value must be a flag for a module .
truth: defines a few flags . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  defines   a

test:  decorate a axes with a given axes .
truth: initialize axes for time-series plotting . 
test:  plot   media
truth:  initialize   axes

test:  remove the file after the given path .
truth: remove the named pid file if it exists . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  renders the template with the given path with the given dict of values .
truth: renders the template at the given path with the given dict of values . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns the first .
truth: checks whether the subgroup h=g1 corresponding to the coset table could possibly be the canonical representative of its conjugacy class . 
test:  lists   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  scan a directory and all files under the files .
truth: scan the provided root for python source files . 
test:  returns   scan
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns a list of structuring element for given tree .
truth: cache tip names . 
test:  imports   strip
truth:  cache   tip

test:  return the arguments for the current process .
truth: get encoding that should be used for command-line arguments . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  check if two directories are present .
truth: run dex2smali . 
test:  shared   pylint
truth:  run   run

test:  handle all the editor in the given css file .
truth: return all assets that are referenced in the given css document . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   return

test:  this generator sends a view to the message] connection .
truth: drain messages from consumer instance . 
test:  iterates   attempts
truth:  null   messages

test:  table with normal names and units .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the minimum cost of g .
truth: find the cost of a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  convert an ip address string to an integer number as a base-10 integer given in ascii representation .
truth: convert an ip number as an integer given in ascii representation to an ip address string . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  append text to text .
truth: append a period at the end of the sentence . 
test:  to   return
truth:  append   a

test:  finds the first value in a that is positive or equal to x .
truth: locate the rightmost value exactly equal to x . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  closes all svn requests for a set of server .
truth: closes the review request for an svn repository . 
test:  close   null
truth:  closes   null

test:  parsing a template or a template for a readmodifywriterow template .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  template   template
truth:  takes   a

test:  given a list .
truth: array0: list . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  list   list

test:  check that the addon can become premium .
truth: check that the webapp can become premium . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of directories to whether the files in the directory in the given directory tree with the given pattern .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  apply migrations args: provider facts : existing provider facts : facts file facts : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated provider facts if they were
truth: apply provider facts to supplied facts dict args: facts : facts dict to update provider_facts : provider facts to apply roles: host roles returns: dict: the merged facts . 
test:  apply   web
truth:  apply   provider

test:  initialize the *figure* for matching data .
truth: if you need a specific format for sounds you need to run this init function . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  if   null

test:  move host to a password .
truth: move a host from old switch to new switch . 
test:  move   multiple
truth:  move   a

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test default behavior of list command without format specifier . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  return a string representation of a format type by a format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get a list of available locales based on the requested config file options .
truth: despite the name of this function it gets the locales defined by the config and also the locals available subject to the config . 
test:  configured   locale
truth:  null   null

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the bigip exec module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: home a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  null   a

test:  adds the advanced component of a button/link .
truth: adds an instance of the advanced component with the specified name . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert polar to polar elevation .
truth: converts from clockwise-from-north and up-from-horizontal to mathematical conventions . 
test:  convert   remove
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a dictionary with all keys of keys .
truth: create a subdictionary of d with the keys in keys parameters d : writeme keys : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  create   a

test:  create a track object from a url .
truth: create a track object from a public http url . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get float by key .
truth: get the float by the key and the prefix . 
test:  get   worksheet
truth:  get   get

test:  coerce meaning to a protobuf instance .
truth: factory method for creating an entity based on a protobuf . 
test:  add   a
truth:  null   method

test:  test using a reference softmax algorithm .
truth: test using a reference implementation of softmax . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  test that e2 [3736] using theta .
truth: test ellipse2d model . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   ellipse2d

test:  set the user module if the kernel is windows .
truth: only valid on windows machines . 
test:  works   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to define a single string for a given type .
truth: define a domain based on the xml passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   up
truth:  define   a

test:  retrieve partitions for each row and return it .
truth: convert columns of the dataframe to category dtype . 
test:  function   dataframe
truth:  convert   columns

test:  return the revision revision for a package .
truth: returns a linkcode_resolve function for the given url format revision is a git commit reference package is the name of the root module of the package url_fmt is along the lines of . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  do a method to create a method on the method .
truth: generate a salt for the specified method . 
test:  performs   factory
truth:  generate   a

test:  check whether unrar is installed and should be parsed .
truth: return version number of unrar . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   version

test:  utility function for handling primary key keys .
truth: calculate a hash of the primary key used for encryption . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns smooth .
truth: compute the limit of e(z) at the point z0 using the gruntz algorithm . 
test:  given   version
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the ancestor of the current :class:group for a specific instance .
truth: get the instance type for a pe . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the seuclidean vector of a 2-d fashion .
truth: returns the standardized euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the fingerprint of the masters public key on the minion .
truth: return the fingerprint of the masters public key hash_type the hash algorithm used to calculate the fingerprint . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  colorize text .
truth: a simple override of color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   a

test:  given a float and a float of rounding digits .
truth: return value rounded to precision_digits decimal digits . 
test:  round   parameters
truth:  value   value

test:  send an notification to the initiator of a user .
truth: email email_dict to user . 
test:  send   send
truth:  email   email

test:  generates a list of load for a given workbook .
truth: monkey-patch tarfile . 
test:  connect   options
truth:  null   null

test:  these are always of a handler .
truth: only returns true if the evennia settings exists . 
test:  null   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a rule into a list of gettext objects .
truth: the plural rule as gettext expression . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   plural

test:  get the json from all available store .
truth: get the certificate location contexts and their corresponding stores . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  register a new writer engine .
truth: adds engine to the excel writer registry . 
test:  register   register
truth:  adds   engine

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  no precomputed .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  null   os
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  send a notification to inform the notification to the notification .
truth: send notifications through all backends defined by settings backends should be listed in the settings notification_backends . 
test:  email   backend
truth:  send   notifications

test:  construct a map from a certificate description .
truth: tries to guess whether a description is a bare tcp port or a endpoint . 
test:  constructs   create
truth:  to   null

test:  restores the state of a state object by calling its __init__ method .
truth: restores the state of the warnings module when passed an object that was returned by get_warnings_state() . 
test:  restores   chop
truth:  restores   null

test:  get a gcode for a gcode layer .
truth: build a gcodepath object . 
test:  to   null
truth:  build   a

test:  generic method to pidof to the target .
truth: pidof -> int list get pid(s) of target . 
test:  find   target
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new instance_system_metadata .
truth: returns a keyczar keyset to be used for encryption and decryption . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  waits for the current greenlet to ready to ready as the ready for the ready to read .
truth: block the current greenlet until *io* is ready . 
test:  to   null
truth:  block   block

test:  get a complex point loop which is pki-based .
truth: get voronoi loop enclosing the inside . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   voronoi

test:  flatten a set of reply .
truth: flatten node replies . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  flatten   node

test:  return a file descriptor which can be read from an web file or a given path .
truth: return a list of file descriptors . 
test:  null   version
truth:  return   a

test:  adds a new page to the page if needed .
truth: returns feincms_page for request . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function returns a list of all virtual to the specified host or the host .
truth: remove the specified host system from this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  load an encrypted value .
truth: build the crypto_meta from the json object . 
test:  load   data
truth:  build   build

test:  parse command line options .
truth: parses the command-line . 
test:  command   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns a standard pip_list number .
truth: return sequence number if name as an int . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  return   sequence

test:  get all sff per sff files in a directory .
truth: return a dict mapping library ids to sff filepaths in a directory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  character --> [0 .
truth: return string truncated at last byte that is 7bit ascii . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  string   string

test:  callback decorator to require http auth .
truth: callback decorator to require http auth . 
test:  callback   decorator
truth:  callback   decorator

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  generator to keep replacing replacing every four lists of an entry .
truth: given a list of lists it turns each entry into a line in a csv . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  given   a

test:  given a string like time offset .
truth: returns the time zone offset of the time zone for given datetime . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that the base for the base already exists .
truth: push to subdir under share . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   push

test:  fixture that returns a actual actual db .
truth: return a namedtemporyfile for use with testing atcs sqlite db features . 
test:  fixture   list
truth:  return   a

test:  get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key .
truth: get the series with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a series key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  calculates the durbin-watson statistic for the given axis .
truth: calculates the relative z-scores . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return list of user cohorted in the given course .
truth: returns the first user partition from the specified course which uses the cohortpartitionscheme . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a key for the given name .
truth: sort key for tree entry . 
test:  null   function
truth:  sort   key

test:  solves an c_h order linear differential equation with the given name .
truth: solves an almost-linear differential equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  newmans weighted projection of a directed network .
truth: weighted projection of b with a user-specified weight function . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  weighted   projection

test:  convert pil images to a figure .
truth: creates wxbitmaps self . 
test:  get   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  invalidates the cms page in the cache by calling the cache .
truth: invalidates the cms page cache . 
test:  export   null
truth:  invalidates   null

test:  deserialize candidates from an album .
truth: search for album matches . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  search   search

test:  compute a scipy .
truth: checks if vector passed is in bag of words representation or not . 
test:  post   product
truth:  if   checks

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair in a keyring service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  fetches a list of all configured networks for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  list   agents
truth:  fetches   a

test:  remove the given data .
truth: remove admin file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   admin

test:  set the warning used .
truth: sets the raw input mode . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a convenience wrapper to return a valid djangousermixin name .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" . 
test:  given   string
truth:  string   string

test:  verify a hmac-sha1 signature .
truth: verify a hmac-sha1 signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  same logic as "field" .
truth: find a check named check_name in the given checks_places and try to initialize it with the given check_config . 
test:  null   load
truth:  find   a

test:  copy a file from one location to another .
truth: copy xxx . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  struct --> /path .
truth: update "sub" dict and create two codeblocks with different failure modes parameters variable : a variable policies : a pair of tuples -- at construction . 
test:  null   field
truth:  update   update

test:  get the cache location .
truth: return mtime of a valid apt cache file . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   mtime

test:  set break-point at current location .
truth: set breakpoint at current location . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   breakpoint

test:  returns true if the user can view the given target .
truth: determine whether requesting_user has permission to view courses available to the user identified by target_username . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a list of media files for the given document .
truth: embed media files into the response document . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  embed   media

test:  delete document for document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  load an existing backend backend .
truth: disconnects given backend from current logged in user . 
test:  disconnect   null
truth:  given   null

test:  return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a zero .
truth: return a 10-dimensional unit vector with a 1 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  yield all .
truth: print dots to indicate idleness . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  print   dots

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute != the value given .
truth: usage: objtag objtag only true if accessed_obj has the specified tag and optional category . 
test:  null   objattr
truth:  null   null

test:  test edf of edf .
truth: test edf with overlapping annotations . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  test   test

test:  return the certificates for the certificates .
truth: get the cert file location or bail . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  iterate over a string bytes .
truth: returns iterator over a bytestring . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  convert the result of a site command to a ssh operation .
truth: convert a legacy write result to write commmand format . 
test:  write   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  convert a number to human readable format .
truth: translates bytes into a human repr . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  clears internal cache for all the figures .
truth: clean cache for skin translations . 
test:  clears   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  parse a iso date string into a datetime object .
truth: a wrapper around strptime . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  split estimator or train x .
truth: create subset of dataset and properly handle kernels . 
test:  function   a
truth:  subset   subset

test:  parses a dict of keywords .
truth: parse keywords specifications from the given list of strings . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   keywords

test:  deregister a check with the given agent .
truth: removes a check using its id . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  check satisfiability of particular string .
truth: checks that a colour argument for transparent or background options is the right form . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  merge a record .
truth: writes to xenstore at the specified path . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  to   null

test:  a book must be an integer or a book .
truth: a page node must be below a notebook node . 
test:  label   nodes
truth:  null   page

test:  return the default value for this range .
truth: get the default jt . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  updates a postgres user cli examples: .
truth: updates a postgres user . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code .
truth: checks whether there is a global language file for the given language code . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  parameters any instance data passed by the function .
truth: translate raw data into a model instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  translate   translate

test:  remove the hostname from the hostname .
truth: return the ip address for a hostname . 
test:  null   elementwise
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator to ensure a v2 api is never automatically .
truth: ensures approval/disapproval requests cant reach sanctions that have already been rejected . 
test:  do   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return the current alternate setting for the specified configuration .
truth: get the current active configuration of the device . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if we need to reduce the testtools .
truth: raises skiptest if the connection is using mim . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  raises   null

test:  return the date in the current time zone .
truth: return the current date in the current time zone . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance of the gax api .
truth: create an instance of the gax publisher api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  update homepage .
truth: load tm from the database . 
test:  defines   languages
truth:  load   tm

test:  pretty-print a bem for one dispatcher .
truth: create a bem solution using the linear collocation approach . 
test:  check   up
truth:  create   a

test:  converts an image to a numpy array .
truth: takes an image object and returns a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns a dictionary attributes for the type specified by the given attributes .
truth: extract information from a column that is required to fully serialize the column . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  extract   information

test:  load the log module .
truth: join a channel sopel is invited to . 
test:  give   certificate
truth:  join   a

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  start the specified block bound to a new .
truth: open a new block under the current request . 
test:  null   a
truth:  open   a

test:  synthesis of a sound using the harmonic plus stochastic model x: input sound .
truth: synthesis of a sound using the sinusoidal plus stochastic model tfreq . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  return a properly convert the private key to bytes .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  return a specific credentials cli examples: .
truth: return ec2_credentials for a user cli examples: . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  numpy implementation of the sigmoid function .
truth: numpy implementation of the logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  display a message from the current plugin .
truth: uninstalls a plugin from flaskbb . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  uninstalls   a

test:  returns the minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g .
truth: returns a minimum spanning tree or forest on an undirected graph g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  raise a warning on the hash and wait for the given message .
truth: issue a warning with a paramterized string . 
test:  rfc   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  finds the set of selected nodes that are selected in the given context .
truth: finds a selected nav_extender node . 
test:  return   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  creates a new database .
truth: creates the setup_py for a pants contrib plugin artifact . 
test:  set   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  create a fake participant with the given participant .
truth: create a fake user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a description from a service .
truth: return the service corresponding to a description . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update pkgin package definitions .
truth: update portage package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   portage

test:  return the time zone representing the stdout for an stdout .
truth: return the set of states reachable from the given state by epsilon moves . 
test:  returns   proxy
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict of all groups with details being used cli example: .
truth: return all autoscale groups visible in the account . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the project description from the designed for the project .
truth: computes the heightmap array for a chunk . 
test:  return   betweenness
truth:  computes   null

test:  set the default value for the c{new} object .
truth: set transparent_torification variable . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  similar to smart_unicode but also wraps the direct_abstract_declarator object .
truth: helper function to catch possible lock exception . 
test:  like   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the mp version of %z .
truth: return the mp version of c{ % z} . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  no longer found in the jobs .
truth: take the output of bundle_to_joblist . 
test:  acquiring   connections
truth:  take   null

test:  stringify utc time in iso 8601 format .
truth: current time as iso string . 
test:  utc   a
truth:  time   time

test:  create a group group .
truth: create a group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dense probability array into the sparse document format .
truth: like full2sparse . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  like   like

test:  purge all files under fn .
truth: delete files in a dir matching pattern . 
test:  purge   remove
truth:  files   files

test:  prints a tree representation of a tree .
truth: print tree with indentation . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  print   tree

test:  completely clear all the files in the minion .
truth: forcibly removes all caches on a minion . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  ensure empty lines do not break the completion .
truth: tab-completion is case-insensitive . 
test:  label   verifies
truth:  is   null

test:  only load the module if the os is installed .
truth: load only on mac os . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  can override this plugin can be instantiated .
truth: test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   program

test:  common setup for covariance .
truth: executes the java program defined by the classpath and main . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  implementation of the handler handler .
truth: install a signal handler which will write a byte to c{fd} when i{sigchld} is received . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  parse a channel mode string .
truth: parse a channel mode string . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a candidate albuminfo object .
truth: given a candidate albuminfo object . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the petersen graph .
truth: return the petersen graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a front on an installed package .
truth: cleanup environment . 
test:  socket   attempt
truth:  cleanup   environment

test:  draw a graph g with a random layout .
truth: draw the graph g with a random layout . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  check if input string is a float .
truth: check if input string is a float . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  turn the version string into a tuple with the given version we can use the right version .
truth: allows you to look up something by version (e . 
test:  map   return
truth:  allows   null

test:  return a symbolic column variable .
truth: return a symbolic column variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  formats a relative time as a time string .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return unicode object from text .
truth: make sure a given text is encodable with the given encoding . 
test:  encoding   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get the cascade precision .
truth: get the twist precision in degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  ensures that command can be refused when confirmation disabled .
truth: ensures that command can be fixed when confirmation enabled . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  test x10 validation .
truth: test x10 addr validator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   x10

test:  create the xml element .
truth: create and link a path object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a wsgi wsgi chain for use with the application .
truth: factory function to create an instance of httpgitapplication . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return windows path if possible .
truth: derive ini file path from a partial path . 
test:  if   null
truth:  derive   ini

test:  register a class with a dictionary of calls to the given calls .
truth: wrapper around xenapiplugin . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  arent arent .
truth: creates the ast node for calling the __xonsh_pathsearch__() function . 
test:  allows   new
truth:  creates   null

test:  gets normalized port path .
truth: gets a cooked path -- a list of . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  rate of change percentage: /prevprice .
truth: lowest value over a specified period . 
test:  time   shows
truth:  value   value

test:  perform seed to seed the value for seed .
truth: seed the internal random number generator used in this id package . 
test:  given   function
truth:  null   seed

test:  parse a string of a 9-tuple http or bandwidth into a tuple of rfc mixin .
truth: parses a variety of date formats into a 9-tuple in gmt . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  system information type 2 section 9 .
truth: system information type 2bis section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  encode a python version as a python string .
truth: encode data into version a binary stream . 
test:  encode   optional
truth:  encode   data

test:  test to ensure we can skip tests .
truth: loads wiskott dataset . 
test:  null   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  verifies the setting doesnt have the given css setting .
truth: verify the capa module fields are set as expected in the advanced settings editor . 
test:  null   set
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the exported version of a gcode file .
truth: get the exported version of a gcode file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  determine if there are changed on behalf of this request .
truth: test if task result yields changed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   test

test:  return a graph indicating which the graph is stored .
truth: inverts a directed graph . 
test:  null   a
truth:  inverts   a

test:  remove all current session .
truth: removes values for the given session variables names if they exist . 
test:  clears   remove
truth:  removes   values

test:  returns the compressor file after the first compressor was made between some answer and some systems .
truth: return the compressor matching fileobj . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the options line .
truth: parse command line options and print usage message if no arguments were provided for the command . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  transform the gender for the gender .
truth: returns the gender for the given word . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  test file downloading over http .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  require   search
truth:  require   null

test:  set a fully qualified task to retrieve the locale strings .
truth: set environ locale vars used in nikola tests . 
test:  name   a
truth:  set   environ

test:  set or delete metadata on a image .
truth: set or delete metadata on an image . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numeric array to a sympy expression .
truth: convert a numpy matrix to a sympy matrix . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a performing .
truth: create a sha1 digest credential . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get a list of linode that will be posted from the linode .
truth: return the details of an instance . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns from string ip_addr_port .
truth: returns from string ip_addr_port . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that headers are potentially handled by the http header .
truth: check that the headers of an upload are reasonable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dict with name of the config file .
truth: returns either module config or file config . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the value of the foreign namespace .
truth: returns a foreignstruct instance or none . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the class for the given router path .
truth: loads a router for choosing which connection to use . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   a

test:  generate a master client on the given master client .
truth: this event is triggered on the slave instances every time a stats report is to be sent to the locust master . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   event

test:  helper function to check if the path does not exist or not .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  maps coordinate mapping file to each symbol in the blockmatrix .
truth: returns a set of ntuples from machines where the machines in an ntuple are in the same mapping . 
test:  function   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  estimate power spectral density estimate for arrays .
truth: blackout loss function . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   loss

test:  returns the versions of the versions of the installed packages .
truth: report the versions of dependent and system software cli example: . 
test:  list   versions
truth:  report   report

test:  given a regular expression match .
truth: create extractor from a regular expression . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   create

test:  format an array or string of our bytes this is a data normalized by hexadecimal .
truth: pad out zeros in each address chunk as necessary . 
test:  null   utf8
truth:  pad   pad

test:  create a new extension instance .
truth: create new x509_extension . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   new

test:  format a list of blocks as a string .
truth: pretty-format *blocks* . 
test:  stack   a
truth:  null   null

test:  load a config file and merge it with a configparser file .
truth: helper to load prefs from ~/ . 
test:  load   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  replace the dots of the given document with the value of the given document .
truth: this method destructively modifies document by replacing any dots in field names with an underscore . 
test:  replaces   remove
truth:  null   method

test:  returns boolean true unless x is a sparse .
truth: returns boolean true iff x is a l{scipy . 
test:  boolean   return
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  look for a loop until it returns true .
truth: loop until a state has been reached . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  upload a subjects file to a subjects directory .
truth: set the fiducials for an mri subject . 
test:  starts   point
truth:  set   set

test:  attempt to fix a dataframe to produce a dataframe or column of any dataframe returns them .
truth: create a nonempty pandas object from the given metadata . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  create   a

test:  a template tag which displays a amount of downscales .
truth: returns whether or not the specified number is a "neat" number . 
test:  breaks   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that a file with local contents .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns a duration of the provided field based on the filename .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  parse the given resource type and return the like it .
truth: parse uid string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   uid

test:  given either a specific type or a list of type strings .
truth: gets the declaration for the corresponding custom type . 
test:  given   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the email addresses as a list of markdown .
truth: send an html email as multipart with attachments and all . 
test:  email   null
truth:  send   send

test:  raise an error if given is not a valid error .
truth: dont throw exception if the resource doesnt exist . 
test:  is   null
truth:  throw   null

test:  build a list of variables to remove variables from the list of variables .
truth: context manager temporarily overriding env with given key/value pairs . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode a base64 image file .
truth: generate base64 encoded image from srouce file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller .
truth: injects data into a filesystem already mounted by the caller . 
test:  injects   data
truth:  injects   data

test:  returns the unsupported version .
truth: this is used to determine the lowest protocol version that is not supported by the version of c* running . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  creates an m3 path .
truth: builds unique m3u filename by appending given basename to current date . 
test:  builds   function
truth:  builds   null

test:  runs the unit tests .
truth: discover and run all tests in testdir . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  discover   discover

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  output a whole load of debugging information .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  output   a
truth:  outputs   a

test:  creates a cluster .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  determine if the specified interface is in a datastore cli example: .
truth: the purpose of this function is to send provided ra message at layer 2 in response to received rs messages . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   purpose

test:  return a dict of the user we know about .
truth: read user config file and return it as a dict . 
test:  load   load
truth:  read   user

test:  invert a node .
truth: inverts a binary tree . 
test:  null   null
truth:  inverts   a

test:  decode a raw uuid string .
truth: decode a l{bytearray} contents to a c{uuid . 
test:  null   call
truth:  decode   a

test:  sets the policy for a vhost user .
truth: set a policy based on rabbitmqctl set_policy . 
test:  sets   subreddits
truth:  set   a

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: compute the trimmed variance this function computes the sample variance of an array of values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  handles a comment based on current user and directory .
truth: stores a new comment for the given unit . 
test:  save   a
truth:  stores   a

test:  load data from the given dataset .
truth: loads the given data file into bigquery . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns the number of friends in the friends .
truth: how many friends does _user_ have? . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a base64 encoded string .
truth: decode a base64 encoded string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: effects after the computation is complete . 
test:  to   estimate
truth:  null   effects

test:  raise the map of mapping to correct type .
truth: gets header . 
test:  form   check
truth:  header   header

test:  wrapper method to create a view that doesnt exist on the context .
truth: jinja2 macro list column formatter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   jinja2

test:  returns a copy of the individual with the search text .
truth: extract message details which may help identify the mua . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   message

test:  infer a bezier by name .
truth: infer a name: use name lookup rules . 
test:  infer   decorator
truth:  infer   a

test:  return the character version .
truth: get the initial version of a migrate repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the ciphers .
truth: compare two primitives for equivalence ignoring some keys . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load the module if the os is installed .
truth: only works with systemd or on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  works   works

test:  return a list of namedtuple .
truth: generate all valid filenames for the given file . 
test:  generates   text
truth:  generate   generate

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  returns a document against the document against the given document .
truth: cancel jv . 
test:  documents   print
truth:  cancel   null

test:  generic getattr() for classes that tries to retrieve the class attribute from an enum class .
truth: return an enum member by name . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  see if get_init can find __init__ .
truth: see if get_init can find __init__ . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all attachment specs for the specified attachment record .
truth: get all specs for an attachment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string into a time .
truth: tries to make a time out of the value . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get the gnu plugin filenames .
truth: get the file types from the translators in the import plugins folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the list of auth params for a given request .
truth: extracts the properties from the request object needed by the novaclient call below . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  pair the appropriate open bracket with its close .
truth: pair the appropriate open bracket with its close . 
test:  pair   pair
truth:  pair   pair

test:  create a special text with the given entries .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{send1msg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  function   a
truth:  receive   a

test:  given a 32-bit ip address from the hex encoding .
truth: convert an ipv4 address to hexadecimal notation . 
test:  cross   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the offsets of the two numbers .
truth: surround content with the first and last characters of delimiters . 
test:  file   message
truth:  content   content

test:  parses a rediss swift xml character and returns a dictionary .
truth: parse entry as returned by boottool . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parse   entry

test:  update the last managers of a figure .
truth: set the current axes instance to *ax* . 
test:  called   call
truth:  set   set

test:  call fbater need to work with data in and out datatypes so data in extrafiles path <command>python <command>python data in extrafiles <command>python $__tool_directory__/rg_convert_lped_fped .
truth: need to work with rgenetics composite datatypes so in and out are html files with data in extrafiles path <command>python $__tool_directory__/lped_to_pbed_converter . 
test:  call   need
truth:  to   need

test:  get all available regions for the aws awslambda service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws lambda service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete the exploration summary model .
truth: delete an exploration summary model . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  run migrations in online mode .
truth: run migrations in online mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d .
truth: discretize gaussian with different modes and check if result is at least similar to gaussian1d . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   gaussian

test:  returns a list of all devices with the device as an empty string .
truth: returns a list of device objects corresponding to the connected devices . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  lists all available package upgrades .
truth: list all available package upgrades . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find root of f within [a .
truth: find a root of a function in an interval . 
test:  find   root
truth:  find   a

test:  decorator to decorate a method to become testing .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target service or admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  run a shell command on a shell .
truth: invoke a fully interactive shell on the remote end . 
test:  run   one
truth:  invoke   a

test:  lists all documents needs to a review tag .
truth: lists wiki documents with revisions flagged for review . 
test:  print   wiki
truth:  lists   wiki

test:  get a metadata-schema object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   get
truth:  count   count

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: univariate division with remainder over a ring . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  check whether a string represents a tk .
truth: return the boolean value true if the case-lowered value of string input s is a :term:truthy string . 
test:  cast   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test secondary rendering .
truth: test secondary chart . 
test:  test   character
truth:  test   test

test:  load the data modechoice data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the anes96 data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return an access sandbox .
truth: returns a list of assets with expiring access urls that can be used to download them *requires oauth* args: sandbox_name : a string representing the name of the sandbox asset_ids : a list of asset_ids to fetch kwargs: returns: a list of asset dictionaries example: . 
test:  to   change
truth:  returns   a

test:  require python package to be python package .
truth: test python package installation . 
test:  github   null
truth:  test   python

test:  returns a list of all tests belonging to the given path .
truth: convenience function to instantiate a testreaderstatematchine and invoke . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  function   function

test:  renders a url to the context for the particular actor instance <a <a {{ {{ other_user %}"> {% if request .
truth: renders the url to follow an object as both actor and target <a href="{% follow_all_url other_user %}"> {% if request . 
test:  github   reduction
truth:  renders   null

test:  command : data .
truth: command : data error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  verifies that a cypher is a cypher .
truth: verifies a cypher with the public key key . 
test:  turn   verifies
truth:  verifies   a

test:  preprocess an expression with a constant coefficients .
truth: prepare expr for solving by making sure that differentiation is done so that only func remains in unevaluated derivatives and that doit is applied to all other derivatives . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expr   expr

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  return which known paths to addusersitepackages .
truth: add a per user site-package to sys . 
test:  build   a
truth:  add   a

test:  upgrade all the paths .
truth: used by custom signatures in . 
test:  indicates   clique
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the image that contains a luminosity of the edge .
truth: desaturates the picture . 
test:  applies   eigenvalues
truth:  null   null

test:  the max feature considering when one conjugate of the feature is unknown .
truth: it should ignore lines that start with # . 
test:  null   argument
truth:  null   null

test:  a convenience method which returns a validator value for a particular validator .
truth: get validator for the segmentation type or keyerror if not found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   validator

test:  returns the timestamp of the timestamp in a datetime object as a timedelta .
truth: converts from a :class:~datetime . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  make the input data .
truth: rewrite all state declarations that look like this:: state_id_decl: state . 
test:  rewrite   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  sets the image with the specified shape .
truth: update the image displayed by an image plot . 
test:  update   override
truth:  update   update

test:  normalize a port to the system with the name specified .
truth: internal function . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an xri to iri-normal form .
truth: transform an xri to uri normal form . 
test:  to   homepage
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test x option with int .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  alterations with responder and the parent scores for the parent .
truth: return a dict of comment_id36 -> qa score . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get current environment overrides dictionary to use in subprocess .
truth: retrieve environment to be used with the subprocess command . 
test:  source   null
truth:  retrieve   environment

test:  send out the oauth url to classes .
truth: builds and retrieves an oauth signed response . 
test:  null   display
truth:  builds   null

test:  a generator that returns a type of strings that can run at least one token .
truth: returns the percentage of unique words in the given string as a number between 0 . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: creates a new security group rule cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  does the special text .
truth: tokenize a piece of text from wikipedia . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  read a filter file .
truth: read in a bpf filter provided by a command line argument . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   in

test:  given a .
truth: reinsert into inbox after a comment has been unspammed . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  copied from python2 .
truth: function from python 2 . 
test:  copied   encode
truth:  function   function

test:  bind ack to a value .
truth: ensure the data is a bind ack and that the . 
test:  applies   data
truth:  ensure   null

test:  aux function .
truth: check or auto-determine the origin . 
test:  calculate   try
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of networks associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the namespace names and their values for the table :data:string .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_index: } representing all relationships to the given table . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate checksum for a tag_sets this is a script that reads checksum i i .
truth: construct an ip datagram with the given source . 
test:  move   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  return the list of instances that are accessed for the application .
truth: get the domain or workgroup the computer belongs to . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the likelihood norm of a and 2 .
truth: compute the l2-norm of 1d-array *a* . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  compute   compute

test:  container a container name container name or id name : false if true .
truth: pauses a container name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  unpauses   a
truth:  pauses   a

test:  turn a list of tuples into a single vector .
truth: make a matrix with all zeros and increasing elements on the diagonal . 
test:  does   a
truth:  make   a

test:  compute the completeness score of two continuous score .
truth: completeness metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  null   network
truth:  null   metric

test:  run doctest on a doctest module .
truth: run the examples in the docstrings using the doctest module . 
test:  doctest   test
truth:  run   run

test:  create an opener object from a list of handlers .
truth: create an opener object from a list of handlers . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the canonical form of a string .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  indicates   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return source file .
truth: generalized os . 
test:  to   start
truth:  generalized   os

test:  decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled .
truth: decorator for views that checks whether a user has a particular permission enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  collect script files and run a list of files .
truth: demo based on images dumped during training . 
test:  null   script
truth:  based   demo

test:  catches flask errors .
truth: returns the response that should be used for any given exception . 
test:  null   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all features .
truth: list currently available btrfs features . 
test:  given   a
truth:  list   list

test:  smoke test the softmax function .
truth: constructs softmax layers with different weight initialization parameters . 
test:  test   a
truth:  constructs   softmax

test:  return the path to the directory where instance is stored .
truth: generate the dir for an instances disk . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return information about the named vm cli example: .
truth: return the information on the named vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the b-spline of a sequence .
truth: product of a list of numbers; ~40x faster vs np . 
test:  multiplies   returns
truth:  null   product

test:  since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: since facebook is quite slow this version also runs the get on the background inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  facebook   response
truth:  facebook   facebook

test:  normalize the string s using the given number of bytes .
truth: x bitmap . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   bitmap

test:  return the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path specifiers . 
test:  split   power
truth:  split   a

test:  wait for either state or a file options .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  return a generator for the json stream .
truth: generator that dumps list of beets items or albums as json . 
test:  null   json
truth:  null   generator

test:  create a structure instance .
truth: creates cuckoo directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a function .
truth: returns a dictionary of arg_name:default_values for the input function . 
test:  given   shortcut
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy the distance matrix from the distance between 0 and styles .
truth: fast cross and sum . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  cross   cross

test:  return port details of port details .
truth: add trunk details to a port . 
test:  extend   ports
truth:  add   trunk

test:  load the cpunish data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect .
truth: aborts execution and causes a 303 or 302 redirect . 
test:  aborts   execution
truth:  aborts   execution

test:  calculate the classifier on the classifier provided .
truth: this function is used as a wrapper to pattern classification . 
test:  to   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if target is a valid domain name .
truth: checks if a string is a valid irc nick . 
test:  returns   verifies
truth:  if   checks

test:  computes the distances along the given curve of the matrix .
truth: computes the distance between a set of successive points in *n* dimensions . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  encodes a local data or a remote .
truth: compare a remote and local results and generate a wanted line . 
test:  encodes   server
truth:  compare   a

test:  returns all calculation and data parent tensors .
truth: get all parents tensors . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets hosts according to the configured user .
truth: set up keystone credentials . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  set   up

test:  change the install directory to download a file .
truth: change tv_download directory . 
test:  return   torrent
truth:  change   change

test:  test if the object is a block of a block .
truth: parameters op : object returns is_block_gradient : bool true if op is a gradient-blocking op . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   op

test:  return an ssl adapter class for the given name .
truth: return an ssl adapter class for the given name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that adds a method to a class with a given patch .
truth: add the decorated method to the given class; replace as needed . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator that skip tests .
truth: a decorator to indicate that the function requires jpeg support for pillow . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator that checks for parameterized test w .
truth: decorator for parameterized test w . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  automatically setup the user .
truth: event handler for a socket session ending in a room . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file .
truth: print exception up to limit stack trace entries from tb to file . 
test:  exception   shorthand
truth:  exception   exception

test:  check that the cli call to the default cli example: .
truth: verify that provided arguments is a valid idisplay call . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  verify   null

test:  match a disk device matching given a partition .
truth: matches the user provided fs_type and fs_makeopt with the current disk . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  decorator for another lazy .
truth: can be used to cache any function including ones in modules . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  be   null

test:  seen_union : service field_type identifier .
truth: service : service identifier { function_seq } | service identifier extends identifier { function_seq } . 
test:  null   upload
truth:  null   service

test:  generates a files recursively for files in the directory tree .
truth: zip a directory tree into a bytesio object . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   a

test:  write the xml to a file .
truth: send me a list of . 
test:  write   null
truth:  send   send

test:  return the current user and profile username for the specified profile .
truth: helper method to return the legacy user and profile objects based on username . 
test:  wraps   users
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  upload an image - upload an image - async version - async version .
truth: upload all images in request . 
test:  upload   images
truth:  upload   upload

test:  convert text to unicode .
truth: convert to unicode if required . 
test:  text   unicode
truth:  to   convert

test:  returns the barcode barcode .
truth: split sequence into barcode and remaining sequence linker and primer part of remaining sequence . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  split   sequence

test:  deletes a user from database .
truth: deletes a journalist or administrator from the application . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the various version metadata parsed from the geos version string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  for windows .
truth: expand ~user/ and environment $variables . 
test:  join   name
truth:  expand   expand

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can push translation repository . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a token with the given ref and access it to the given ref .
truth: filter out private items in an access token dict . 
test:  token   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  test no iterable rendering .
truth: test serie as non iterable . 
test:  serie   chart
truth:  serie   test

test:  import a csv file and all subdirectories .
truth: import kits in csv format assumes concatenated: kits . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   kits

test:  generate a unique key .
truth: generate key for use to authentication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   key

test:  cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content .
truth: cleanse an individual setting key/value of sensitive content . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any files which multidimensional the path recursively .
truth: remove all empty folders inside path . 
test:  if   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  make a resource .
truth: return a test resource in dictionary form . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  use nltks argument to use a string .
truth: wrap format function to trap masked values . 
test:  float   version
truth:  format   format

test:  repack the loose directory into a repack .
truth: repack loose files in a repository . 
test:  rendered   in
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for ssh connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for smtp connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  function   step
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a module name of a module .
truth: assemble a fully-qualified module name from its components . 
test:  module   return
truth:  assemble   a

test:  given a ctypes type .
truth: convert the given ctypes type to a numba type . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  turns on log .
truth: test lacy evaluation of json log data e . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  test   test

test:  evaluates a database .
truth: this is a very minimal cron job - just a function that runs within a session . 
test:  disable   close
truth:  is   null

test:  only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than or equal the given value usage: .
truth: only succeed if the value in the given register location is less than the given value usage: . 
test:  succeed   null
truth:  succeed   null

test:  deserialize a stream or a string .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  returns the docs version from version .
truth: return the version used in documentation . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convenience wrapper around yaml to create a stream .
truth: loads a yaml configuration from a string or file-like object . 
test:  string   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  return a list of all available images .
truth: return available packet os images . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all transparent .
truth: get transparent_torification variable . 
test:  needed   current
truth:  get   get

test:  test that we can ten there are ten by ten things .
truth: ten most popular add-ons are listed . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the creation sequence that is a coordinate of the interior sequence .
truth: find a threshold subgraph that is close to largest in g . 
test:  create   a
truth:  find   a

test:  return the name of the index .
truth: returns the index of the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  render a document .
truth: tokenizer that maps all numeric tokens to a placeholder . 
test:  parse   functions
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a new collection of a given file .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  verify that the socket is a valid ip .
truth: check if the provided address is valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  get the list of attributes from the repository .
truth: returns a dictionary with localizable attributes of obj . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the name of a new expression .
truth: generate source code for expressions in a given language . 
test:  turn   attempt
truth:  source   source

test:  break the pairwise matrix by ruleitem .
truth: handle the callable case for pairwise_{distances . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  returns the log of the file names .
truth: splits the branchfile argument and assuming branch is the first path component in branchfile . 
test:  returns   simple_stmt
truth:  splits   null

test:  returns the date .
truth: extract the creation time from an aws or rackspace volume . 
test:  predefined   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  simple test for common common to all the t-test of a scalar-like function .
truth: numerical gradient checking of loss functions . 
test:  verify   string
truth:  null   gradient

test:  lint tool process .
truth: ensure tool contains exactly one command and check attributes . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  ensure   tool

test:  muladd -> diagonal diagonal .
truth: compute and return a pair . 
test:  compute   color
truth:  compute   compute

test:  decodes a base64-encoded value using the pem base64 encoding .
truth: decodes base64url-encoded string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  encodes html entities in the given string .
truth: encodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  encodes   html
truth:  encodes   html

test:  checks if a color is a color of colors .
truth: check color validity . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  color   color

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  add a new base path into a list of urls .
truth: extracts valid sources from |sources| and adds them to |result| . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  clean the accounts from the given tokenization .
truth: helper for base64 encoding and decoding messages . 
test:  mark   item
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if the given path is being .
truth: check if file has been written in last 60 seconds . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if g is a isolate graph .
truth: determines whether a node is an isolate . 
test:  match   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  process the cache of inter with inter .
truth: when an op with c_code . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of a snapshot .
truth: returns a trainer extension to take snapshots of the trainer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a reqs list of requirements files found in path .
truth: return a list of downloadedreqs representing the requirements parsed out of a given requirements file . 
test:  stats   a
truth:  return   a

test:  read a utf8 encoded text file and return its contents .
truth: utility function to read the readme file . 
test:  read   get
truth:  function   function

test:  return an ascii-only json representation of a python string .
truth: return an ascii-only json representation of a python string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call signature:: with a polar make .
truth: make a polar plot . 
test:  create   display
truth:  make   a

test:  this is the episodes object into the inotify object 83 .
truth: checks for changed code using inotify . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create custom metric .
truth: create metric descriptor for the custom metric and send it to the api . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   metric

test:  show keys and between 2 and return_conn .
truth: return codes: 0 - key was processed normally 2 - socket read timeout 3 - ps and then skip plus was pressed 4 - ps and then skip minus was pressed fixme: move to enums . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  runs the command line interface if its current account or runs it .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  running   manager
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  restful method to queued from the job status .
truth: restful method to reset a job status from failed to queued . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  compute cluster connectivity using cluster connectivity .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level 1 sample t-test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  update the point for the current latitude/longitude .
truth: return a copy of basefont :class:qfont with updated properties . 
test:  update   set
truth:  return   a

test:  wraps the given callback to pops a embarassingly-simple the result of the given function .
truth: returns for the given function . 
test:  module   f
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: setup the pioneer platform . 
test:  setup   find
truth:  setup   setup

test:  get joined loops .
truth: get difference loops . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   difference

test:  try to get a locale from the current english .
truth: make sure all languages in settings . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   null

test:  migrates the versions of the node .
truth: migrate legacy files for a node . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  migrate   legacy

test:  return a list of comments for a given group number .
truth: get the human readable comments and quantities for the task types . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  change all of the *keys* for a given tab .
truth: adapt structured output generated by "vulns" nse module . 
test:  change   manager
truth:  structured   null

test:  parameter all the requestors zone .
truth: rest controller for budget parameters . 
test:  prepares   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  run python python interpreter .
truth: executes an externally spawned python interpreter and returns anything that was emitted in the standard output as a single string . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns the access code for the act code .
truth: obtain the refresh token . 
test:  step   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  ensure that the siteresources attribute of ram are saved .
truth: test setcookiesfromurl when cookies are not accepted . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   setcookiesfromurl

test:  check for imports in line import .
truth: check for import format . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of all available data types .
truth: return the list of programs after adding the programtype logo image . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   return

test:  escapes % characters .
truth: escapes a cpp define so that it will reach the compiler unaltered . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  escapes   a

test:  yaml: whitesource upload files to other whitesource .
truth: yaml: whitesource this plugin brings automatic open source management to jenkins users . 
test:  null   packagefinder
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a uint8 array into a packed array .
truth: packs the elements of a binary-valued array into bits in a uint8 array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  packs   null

test:  q is a list of objects which have the object tree .
truth: generate a report counting all qobjects and their types . 
test:  applies   object
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a list of the texture with the current position .
truth: lookup a sense by its sense number . 
test:  return   return
truth:  lookup   a

test:  load a module .
truth: load extension by name . 
test:  name   load
truth:  load   extension

test:  compares the given value in the given dictionary with all the given values .
truth: determines if the dictionary d conforms to the specified selection . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new ssl context and add it to the tenant .
truth: returns an instance of the specified identity class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  communicate with the developer shell server socket .
truth: communicate with the developer shell server socket . 
test:  communicate   null
truth:  communicate   null

test:  validate that the json list of unique ids are unique .
truth: validate the given text as representing a single pdf textbook . 
test:  validate   list
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorate a tree to a given tree .
truth: this function maps the depth of each node on the tree . 
test:  finds   documentation
truth:  function   function

test:  construct signal from rtmockclient .
truth: reconstruct pseudo continuous signal from epochs . 
test:  creates   table
truth:  reconstruct   pseudo

test:  calculates an sha256 sha .
truth: calculate a sha256 checksum . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculate   a

test:  returns a list of the led files changed on the given config .
truth: returns the files changed between two snapshots config configuration name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all extra specs for the given flavor id .
truth: get all extra specs for an instance type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  prints an error message in step encoding .
truth: print snippets for the undefined steps that were discovered . 
test:  output   a
truth:  print   snippets

test:  return a dict representation of the search or a list of contributors .
truth: serialize a node for use in pointer search . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  two order that appear in the given collection .
truth: return a list of elements sorted so that their dependencies are listed before them in the result . 
test:  tuple   label
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the minimum matrix to a csr .
truth: compute minimum and maximum along an axis on a csr or csc matrix parameters x : csr or csc sparse matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the complex hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute the hermite interpolation for a and b .
truth: returns the dot product of two vectors . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  changes the highstate for the named user .
truth: look up or create a subreddit and return it . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  look   up

test:  calculates an md5 hash of the specified key .
truth: receive cache keys as long concatenated strings; distill them into an md5 hash . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  exercise you need to connect to your junipers changes from bot .
truth: connect to juniper device using pyez . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the old root_helper object .
truth: find the correct make . 
test:  returns   logger
truth:  find   find

test:  get saml provider cli example: .
truth: get saml provider cli example: . 
test:  get   saml
truth:  get   saml

test:  generate a random dataset that is used to generate random numbers .
truth: like rand . 
test:  return   a
truth:  like   like

test:  utility to compare a generic 2 .
truth: utility to compare a generic 2 . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  to   utility

test:  formats a description of a given http code string .
truth: get the description of the provided http status code . 
test:  call   a
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  inner covariance matrix for device_type data .
truth: check if a mode indicates a submodule . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   check

test:  log message with the info log file .
truth: logs a message at the info level . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logs   a

test:  return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls .
truth: return servers scheme and address to use for retrieving rrd xmls . 
test:  return   servers
truth:  return   servers

test:  create a soft/symlink between source and destination .
truth: create a soft/symlink between source and destination . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a generator that yields a text of strings .
truth: returns an iterator of tokens of text[offset:] which is assumed to have indent as the whitespace of the begging of the lines . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to generative the path to a function .
truth: mark a method as generative . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  this is a replacement for voting .
truth: populates widget with missing fields . 
test:  force   a
truth:  widget   widget

test:  convert a chunk of translations to a standard dict .
truth: convert a gnutranslations object into a dict for jsonifying . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validate a context dictionary from context .
truth: check if tarce_context is a valid type and returns a tracecontext object . 
test:  context   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the scene numbering .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  include all the process with the process .
truth: reap all registered processes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a cssstyledeclaration records to adapt data data file .
truth: map every reference in the subtree into destination_course_key and set it back into the xblock fields . 
test:  given   a
truth:  map   map

test:  converts string to a native string that can be used with existing character .
truth: slugifies a string . 
test:  to   string
truth:  null   a

test:  extract host from running in a single container port .
truth: inspect a running container for the external port number on which a particular internal port is exposed . 
test:  register   null
truth:  inspect   a

test:  creates routes for which is_port_predicate are what would be displayed .
truth: add route scripts for a network interface using up commands . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   route

test:  reorder the indices of a matrix .
truth: reorder levels using dict representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   levels

test:  a helper for the tupleize method .
truth: take the dict of options and convert to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   function
truth:  take   null

test:  block until a instance is ssh .
truth: blocks booting_instance until aws ec2 instance is ready to accept ssh connections . 
test:  download   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  convert an integer to an integer .
truth: check for a nonnegative integer argument; raise valueerror if not . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  check   check

test:  like perls but print the context for debugging with a given log log .
truth: set the base context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  set   set

test:  render a form **tag name**:: bootstrap_button **parameters**: form the form passed to the form field the form defining arguments **usage**:: {% bootstrap_formset form %} {{ {{ be rendered by the
truth: render form errors **tag name**:: bootstrap_form_errors **parameters**: form the form that is to be rendered type control which type of errors should be rendered . 
test:  render   formset
truth:  form   form

test:  dump the global namespace to a set of api_response .
truth: dumps out the current settings in a pretty table . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  add rotation from a path .
truth: add path to the array group . 
test:  add   loop
truth:  add   path

test:  return the epoch time of the epoch .
truth: a datetime . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   datetime

test:  extract the data into a numpy array .
truth: extract the images into a 4d tensor [image index . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator for notify which alter resource and sets .
truth: return method that checks whether given non constant function may be called . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   method

test:  remove search filter that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  duplicates   generator
truth:  search   search

test:  return a string from a json file .
truth: read a json from path . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  read   a

test:  make a mock .
truth: create a request object for the user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the percentage of correct positive classifications .
truth: returns the percentage of correct classifications . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the payment for a given file .
truth: wrapper to allow opening of gzipped or non-compressed files read or write the contents of a file file_fp : file path permission : either r . 
test:  to   in
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  return a copy of the json string .
truth: prettiffy json output . 
test:  compare   json
truth:  null   json

test:  returns a string like "escaped" .
truth: returns sequence in format item 1 . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  stop watching ready-for-l10n revisions for a given product .
truth: stop watching approved revisions for a given product . 
test:  watching   stop
truth:  watching   stop

test:  execute a command and read the output as pillar .
truth: execute a command and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   return
truth:  execute   a

test:  check if filename matches the given filename .
truth: check if options . 
test:  if   name
truth:  if   check

test:  extracts the filename from a string of html tree .
truth: extract all the i18n-able nodes out of a file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  return the trees of the cached trees which this class is the cached parent object .
truth: takes a list/queryset of model objects in mptt left order and caches the children and parent on each node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with no delimiter .
truth: write a table as a fixed width table with no padding . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  return a key for the specified config .
truth: get current value of a config key . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   current

test:  filters a search term with return its input value .
truth: call a lapack routine . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   a

test:  delete a user from the htpasswd file .
truth: delete http user from the specified htpasswd file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  delete   http

test:  expression : name .
truth: expression : name . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  show the notification .
truth: simple notification using text argument . 
test:  show   information
truth:  null   notification

test:  return any optional timestamp information which can be used by any ; .
truth: return any optional timestamp information in the request . 
test:  return   copy
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper to static static space between a regex using a regex .
truth: expand regular expression to static match . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns html unescaped value .
truth: returns html unescaped value . 
test:  returns   serializer
truth:  returns   html

test:  get a intersections which is reversed from the segment .
truth: get the closest point on the segment . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a find find the combined library .
truth: generate full paths of potential locations of a given library file based on common_lib_paths . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  award the webhook webhook of the given user .
truth: awards badges based on the number of courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  issue   exit
truth:  null   badges

test:  this is run when interactive interactive debugging .
truth: delete duplicate image assets . 
test:  simulates   run
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  test packagefinder only accepts info .
truth: test whether the packagefinder understand data-python-requires this can optionally be exposed by a simple-repository to tell which distribution are compatible with which version of python by adding a data-python-require to the anchor links . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging .
truth: setup logging . 
test:  logging   logging
truth:  logging   logging

test:  gets all blog categories for this block .
truth: gets all blog categories . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  filters the list of names of tags that are sorted by their routine .
truth: determine which names the user would like to select from a list . 
test:  filter   names
truth:  determine   null

test:  reads the deprecated structure of a file .
truth: read count values from fo using the deprecated bitpacking encoding . 
test:  read   intersection
truth:  count   count

test:  serialize the users avatar url into a javascript object .
truth: return the url of the requested avatar . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  reset the docker architecture .
truth: populate docker settings with default . 
test:  reset   icps
truth:  populate   docker

test:  convert a unicode object to a string .
truth: safe_repr -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  create   form
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a unicode strings of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  write the summary header header characters to a file .
truth: writes the flv header and the metadata to stream . 
test:  write   data
truth:  writes   null

test:  estimate matrix for a precomputed probability fprime parameters f : array_like coefficients for all coefficients of the algorithm in terms of order fprime .
truth: calculate gradient or jacobian with complex step derivative approximation parameters x : array parameters at which the derivative is evaluated f : function f(*(+args) . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculate   gradient

test:  get vector3 lists of the configured grid .
truth: get paths by lists . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   paths

test:  computes the cumulative flux for the correlation function .
truth: computes nodes and weights for multivariate lognormal distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension mu : scalar or array_like . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   nodes

test:  resnet-200 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-200 model of [2] . 
test:  to   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the ed2k hash of a given file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy a mavexporer from one s3 location to this function .
truth: copy an object from one s3 location to an object in this bucket . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  test that a tree is a tree .
truth: tests that a random tree is in fact a tree . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  blinker construct a new thread .
truth: change message event ids to start with the volume_ prefix . 
test:  migrate   add
truth:  change   message

test:  return a connected cluster to the control cluster .
truth: build a cluster instance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  build   a

test:  get redis key from redis .
truth: get redis key value cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   redis

test:  creates a test user with a default super .
truth: creates a super moderator user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if we can still using old style warnings .
truth: rebuild is required if values differ . 
test:  null   check
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a form instance for the current form .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  get a python application object .
truth: create a new qt4 app or return an existing one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  map : simple_stmt | dubconstant | literal | boolconstant | const_list | const_map | const_ref .
truth: const_map : { const_map_seq } . 
test:  null   module
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of rules .
truth: yields all available rules . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  calculates a total header length as a floating point length .
truth: return the length of s when it is encoded with base64 . 
test:  return   real
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if a path has subdirectories .
truth: return true if path has subdirectories . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if the xmpp module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only work when the acme module agrees . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  compute pivoted decomposition of a matrix .
truth: compute the inverse of a matrix . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test happy path of decoding to unicode .
truth: test happy path of encoding to native strings . 
test:  test   lists
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a certificate file .
truth: generate an icinga2 client certificate and key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  computes the renumerate function .
truth: reverse enumerate . 
test:  given   null
truth:  reverse   enumerate

test:  create the configuration file for the given cluster .
truth: get an appropriate backendapi for the specified dataset backend . 
test:  create   function
truth:  get   get

test:  evening star .
truth: dark cloud cover . 
test:  null   hold
truth:  null   cloud

test:  given a json file and a json object .
truth: coerce value to a mapping . 
test:  parses   like
truth:  value   value

test:  create a random content of the given format and return a list of categories .
truth: make_content --> {: articles . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts human readable ipv4 or ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts human readable ipv4 string to int type representation . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   human

test:  add the closest from surrounding loops .
truth: add to threads from the last location from surrounding loops . 
test:  server   add
truth:  to   add

test:  create a thread .
truth: creates a new thread and starts it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tests that we can label their base when they dont have a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_spam . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  null   strategy

test:  deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 .
truth: deactivate aa pdp context accept section 9 . 
test:  deactivate   aa
truth:  deactivate   aa

test:  loads a module .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  is   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the linode status .
truth: get status code . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   status

test:  deletes stripe instance associated with stripe .
truth: on gold subscription deletion . 
test:  post   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read egi data as raw object .
truth: read egi simple binary as raw object . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  makes a service update from the local web page .
truth: utility method to service queues for list of stacks . 
test:  returns   service
truth:  null   method

test:  test functionality with steepness enabled .
truth: we load gettext catalogs in this order: django/locale/django . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return unified diff of text to a new text .
truth: return text of unified diff between old and new . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  text   text

test:  return a datetime object indicating that the current time is up to utc at the current time .
truth: create a time only timestamp for the given instant . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict mapping placed to all available runners in the function .
truth: return the docstrings for all modules . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager to temporarily create a dict .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  mount a partition example:: from a device .
truth: synchronously mount a filesystem . 
test:  mount   up
truth:  mount   mount

test:  called by the publish_exploration_and_update_user_profiles .
truth: raise exception . 
test:  taken   apply
truth:  exception   exception

test:  returns a dict with the given __name__ by its name .
truth: return all phases plugin :name: hooks . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  checks whether can be accessed to query on any of the place .
truth: check if the given path can be synced locally . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  adds a handler which replaces all the plugins at runtime .
truth: adds subparsers for all the registered export plugins . 
test:  adds   method
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the cookies for a user from the request .
truth: request the given url and return the response page . 
test:  returns   text
truth:  request   request

test:  helper function for string of js tags .
truth: split each string in the series by sep and return a frame of dummy/indicator variables . 
test:  make   use
truth:  split   split

test:  parse tracked options .
truth: expr ::= seq * ; . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  expr   expr

test:  transform the sasl header into a string .
truth: transforms the equals sign = to instances of eq . 
test:  expand   lists
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  create a new value .
truth: create an empty cell . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  on windows .
truth: on windows . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  get a security group by id .
truth: get security group by its id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   security

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  docstring for install_scipy .
truth: docstring for install_atlas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  divide all possible chunks in a set of raw chunks .
truth: yield successive max_rows-sized column chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  updates a draft from the remote backend .
truth: sync an updated draft back to the remote backend . 
test:  sync   updates
truth:  sync   sync

test:  given a url string .
truth: put a parsed url back together again . 
test:  url   a
truth:  put   a

test:  encrypts a file in the given filename and returns the result .
truth: encrypt into new file . 
test:  defines   wrap
truth:  encrypt   encrypt

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: training controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   controller

test:  send a message to the vehicle fly .
truth: send mav_cmd_condition_yaw message to point vehicle at a specified heading . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   send

test:  test to make sure the default operation matches a specific operation .
truth: ensure expected order of operations . 
test:  test   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  send a message to a pushover channel .
truth: send message to client and close the connection . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   message

test:  checks the user for the keystone method .
truth: checks authorization of a rule against the request . 
test:  view   check
truth:  checks   authorization

test:  display customise list for the nth resource .
truth: customize org_resource fields for profile widgets and more popups . 
test:  see   partition
truth:  customize   null

test:  normalize the given location to be cleaned up to normalize the location .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 303 status code . 
test:  to   address
truth:  to   redirects

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong type of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert obj to safe type and safe for type with the given type .
truth: check whether the value is safe to represent in yaml and trust as returned from parsed yaml . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  given an action .
truth: extract parameters from the user input based on the provided format string . 
test:  given   null
truth:  extract   parameters

test:  mark a function as request .
truth: decorator to cause the request to be passed as the first argument to the method . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  this will check the ccx to see if it is used as a ccx .
truth: return the ccx that is active for this course . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream .
truth: works like :func:url_decode but decodes a stream . 
test:  like   like
truth:  like   like

test:  test that alt_name works with basic ip addresses works .
truth: reset must clear most namespaces . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  reset   reset

test:  wsgi application .
truth: creates a wsgi application that produces a constant response . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  creates   a

test:  train a strictly matrix for a feature .
truth: train a knn classifier . 
test:  token   filename
truth:  train   a

test:  send a message to the event .
truth: send a message over xmpp . 
test:  send   server
truth:  send   a

test:  returns list of users that occur in the given user .
truth: returns a list of user objects if used in conjunction with meetingform it will already have checked for emails that dont match osf users . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper for the vms that are attached to the id for the id of the search .
truth: uuid is unique to a vm . 
test:  to   vm
truth:  is   uuid

test:  unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url .
truth: unquoting function for receiving a domain name in a url . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  a minimum of all the key:value buffered .
truth: handle the m2m_changed event for localsite and user . 
test:  send   groups
truth:  handle   handle

test:  given a python object .
truth: computes how much data is remaining in the buffer . 
test:  null   line
truth:  computes   null

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the element with the specified selector .
truth: perform a click on a css selector . 
test:  wait   function
truth:  perform   a

test:  enforce a string for the items in the subtree .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  like   null
truth:  strip   strip

test:  add rack holes to the rack .
truth: add rack hole to vector3rackprofiles . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if task is a valid remote .
truth: abbreviate word . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  abbreviate   word

test:  return a grayscale sauvola object for the given pieces .
truth: applies sauvola local threshold to an array . 
test:  threshold   scaling
truth:  applies   null

test:  get a set of auto-redrawing for a canvas .
truth: get our press callback . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a permission grant with a role .
truth: create a new permission grant for a resource and add it to the provided role . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  flatten a dict converts a dictionary of nested values of nested values into a dictionary with nested converts a single dictionary .
truth: flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  based   null
truth:  flatten   a

test:  formats a timedelta time string to make it usable in a human-readable time .
truth: format a timedelta for use in a columnar format . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  format   a

test:  yaml: timestamps set pending timestamps to the build as build .
truth: yaml: timestamps add timestamps to the console log . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   timestamps

test:  load a given graph from a file .
truth: load a graph from one xml string . 
test:  loads   xml
truth:  load   a

test:  returns a list of language bidi .
truth: returns selected languages bidi layout . 
test:  reads   returns
truth:  selected   returns

test:  run a test on a web site .
truth: run a web server in a child process . 
test:  point   run
truth:  run   a

test:  convenience function to format and return a key=value pair .
truth: convenience function to format and return a key=value pair . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  read a file from an image .
truth: read an image using qts qimage . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  read   read

test:  create a txt response for the given name and name .
truth: returns an rrset containing the txt_records as the result of a dns query for name . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for the cluster fasta sff .
truth: call preprocess via cluster_jobs_script on the cluster . 
test:  download   -
truth:  preprocess   call

test:  compare two strings of equal strings .
truth: a custom assertion for l{serialnumber} values that cannot be meaningfully compared . 
test:  provides   test
truth:  null   custom

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful controller for option lookups . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  a decorator to connect to the current instance .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  null   cli

test:  start a client with no port on the server .
truth: run nltk wordnet browser server . 
test:  run   method
truth:  run   nltk

test:  transform a path into a drive specification .
truth: a sane version of os . 
test:  join   a
truth:  null   a

test:  no operation .
truth: test function for test_qualname . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return a dnf version of a uri .
truth: return a hash to we use in translation csv files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a jinja version of coolmagicapplication .
truth: create and return cubes jinja2 environment . 
test:  output   accepts
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to yield one of the action .
truth: flushes server log to object store with a timeout . 
test:  source   null
truth:  server   server

test:  return a unique id for the given token .
truth: return a unique id for a token . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  retry the facebook of the facebook to reach a list of facebook to the facebook log it .
truth: retries sending the invite to the users wall . 
test:  access   execution
truth:  sending   sending

test:  get the default domain object from the request .
truth: gets the default domain object to use when creating identity object . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a baremetal interface type on the device .
truth: print the list of baremetal nodes . 
test:  print   function
truth:  print   print

test:  rename a document if it does not exist .
truth: rename document . 
test:  null   null
truth:  document   document

test:  coerce value to a json field .
truth: coerce value to a datetime date . 
test:  null   value
truth:  value   value

test:  convert a string to a list .
truth: convert set of flags into a string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  set   set

test:  load coverage coverage data .
truth: load a coverage file from an open file object . 
test:  perform   parse
truth:  load   a

test:  connect two protocols to a loopback .
truth: run session between server and client protocol instances over unix socket . 
test:  run   session
truth:  run   session

test:  gets the diff for the specified user .
truth: return the keys of each dict whereas values are different . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  get a random distance between begin and end .
truth: get random complex . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  encode line transform list of coords into *x* .
truth: differentially encode a shapely linestring or ring . 
test:  query   strings
truth:  encode   encode

test:  yield successive n-sized chunks from a sequence .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from seq . 
test:  uses   return
truth:  yield   null

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  updates parent status for a given field .
truth: update status of parent document based on who is replying . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   status

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents .
truth: validate some untrusted data using a model . 
test:  null   data
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges for a subset of nodes . 
test:  map   null
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  helper to format the unit data according to the installed locale .
truth: run all unit tests return the exit code . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  run   run

test:  helper all data from all returners .
truth: write return to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is a known kind .
truth: return true if object has a known type . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  modify a cache cluster .
truth: update a cache cluster in place . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  update   a

test:  shorthand for shorthand .
truth: function which accepts an object and returns it unless it is a :class:pyramid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   function

test:  remove ? or ?unc prefix from path .
truth: replace argument to valid python dotted notation . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  replace   argument

test:  normalize a controller method .
truth: custom controller() constructor which updates its eth0 ip address . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   custom

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts value into a bool value .
truth: convert a value to boolean . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the lg webos tv platform .
truth: setup the panasonic viera tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  registers a new data .
truth: add a colormap to the set recognized by :func:get_cmap . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  add   a

test:  quarter plot .
truth: seasonal plot of quarterly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  is   node
truth:  plot   plot

test:  update the cache .
truth: updates the cache . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  updates   updates

test:  simulate arma impulse impulse inputs .
truth: get the impulse response function for arma process parameters ma : array_like . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  subscribe a topic even if a topic is valid .
truth: validate that we can subscribe using this mqtt topic . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  turn light on a track .
truth: called when the group . 
test:  if   requires
truth:  called   null

test:  test reading a a project from a user-selected volume .
truth: test reading volumes from a mixed source space . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  reference(s): url .
truth: reference(s): www . 
test:  url   url
truth:  null   www

test:  make a masked array with a mask and mask .
truth: masked arrays of zero length that also have a mask of zero length cause problems in numpy . 
test:  mask   bytes
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  print a list of products .
truth: print a list of products . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return true if the image is sharable in this context .
truth: return true if the image can be shared to others in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a token for an api .
truth: return token for a user . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  token   token

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses addresses .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the xaxis . 
test:  block   null
truth:  make   a

test:  convert s to an integer .
truth: convert seconds to milliseconds . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return string with all color replaced by color .
truth: string in color . 
test:  text   text
truth:  string   in

test:  alias for -min_elemwise{x .
truth: return a non-conflicting timestamp for table . 
test:  return   show
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  get the terminal size .
truth: get terminal size using tput . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of the path .
truth: return the version of the bzr branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  for testing .
truth: like the httpbin_secure fixture . 
test:  confirm   coordinates
truth:  like   like

test:  create a link to the current user .
truth: log a link in the meeing log . 
test:  starting   packagefinder
truth:  log   a

test:  test if object is an instance of a klass .
truth: version of is_instance that doesnt access __class__ . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   version

test:  return true if the distribution is ubuntu .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of ubuntu . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if the specified interface is in the partitions interface .
truth: changes interface to a staticly set ip . 
test:  return   a
truth:  changes   interface

test:  common functionality for the old home page .
truth: signals catalina to start . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  signals   signals

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the convert convert an integer to an integer .
truth: convert the argument to a builtin integer . 
test:  returns   integer
truth:  convert   convert

test:  compute square-free roots of f .
truth: return a list of real roots with multiplicities of f . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  test that all of the asks asks files to be present .
truth: test listing all files in the show command . 
test:  make   test
truth:  listing   listing

test:  parses iso 8601 field from a datetime string .
truth: parse a timestamp string in format "yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm" :returns: datetime . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  list the files that belong to a package .
truth: list the files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  unregister a serializer .
truth: unregister a given serializer . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  set all projections to active .
truth: set all projections to inactive . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the default export instance .
truth: a default export transform if nothing else is specified . 
test:  choose   value
truth:  default   default

test:  write the values in a set of images to a file .
truth: write a netpbm pnm/pam file . 
test:  write   dispatch
truth:  write   a

test:  unsubscribe a list .
truth: unsubscribe a list . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  unsubscribe   a

test:  returns the graph of the graph g .
truth: returns the specified power of a graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  prints translations for bench .
truth: download latest translations . 
test:  command   structure
truth:  download   download

test:  return a dict of all linode for the linode .
truth: returns public and private ip addresses . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath .
truth: this will import and yield modules whose names start with test_ and are inside packages found in the path starting at basepath . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute nt zeros of bessel derivative y1(z) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  details page: show a box with the tags .
truth: details page: show a box with existing tags along with a form to add new ones . 
test:  list   details
truth:  null   details

test:  find the top level in a given path .
truth: given a directory path to start . 
test:  find   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return the year and the locale and month and month and the month for the specified format .
truth: get the babel/unicode format string for a "year and month" format for the given locale . 
test:  check   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of all activities about the user that contain a query .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities about user_id . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  enable the tasks of the task and remove any run of the task .
truth: starts all tasks and checks the results . 
test:  null   run
truth:  starts   null

test:  index assigned to current user .
truth: orders assigned to current user . 
test:  owned   null
truth:  assigned   null

test:  add the mean to the queue .
truth: accept a numeric value from the matched events and store a running average of the values in the given register . 
test:  create   null
truth:  accept   a

test:  retrieve the oauth client from the secret dictionary and secret it from the secret dictionary .
truth: initializes client id and client secret based on the settings . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  initializes   client

test:  function to decorate methods in order to avoid perfect .
truth: helper wrapper that passes calls to parents instance . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  generates a vim .
truth: builds the url and the form fields used for a presigned s3 post :type bucket: string . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  extract the first id from the lines .
truth: gets first fasta id from each line in lines . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  gets   null

test:  print a list of all the available agent .
truth: list all builds . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  report l1 for output .
truth: proximity operator for l1 norm with multiple orientation support . 
test:  see   up
truth:  null   operator

test:  try to guess a single string .
truth: reserializes the transform data with some cleanups . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  reserializes   null

test:  the module references .
truth: verify that we dont load arbitrary modules from modules . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  moment conditions for a distribution parameters alpha : array_like .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  updates a default frequency .
truth: if were falling back to a document in the default locale . 
test:  document   a
truth:  were   null

test:  allow other users by name .
truth: allow view to be accessed by unvouched users . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return true if the line is a line of the current line .
truth: returns true if the given line is blank . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  in the database .
truth: process a shipment . 
test:  send   process
truth:  process   a

test:  test installing from reqs .
truth: upgrade from a requirements file . 
test:  search   a
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  create a network .
truth: create a subnet on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the cityblock distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the city block distance . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  change the directory of a given file .
truth: set an aes dropfile to request the master update the publish session key . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  set   set

test:  a context manager to generate a patched code to a given code .
truth: monkey patch code as though it were coming from stdin . 
test:  translates   context
truth:  patch   patch

test:  sets the value of n into a poisson distribution .
truth: draws a sample of sums from a list of distributions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  draws   a

test:  return the 8-bit 8-bit value for textile .
truth: textile processing . 
test:  wraps   code
truth:  processing   processing

test:  iterate over slices of string .
truth: iterate over slices of a string . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  finds an index by index .
truth: get the nth opened window object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  if the intent is available .
truth: return the default body for the email type matching the given moderator action intent . 
test:  return   new
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests .
truth: check to make sure requests and xml are installed and requests . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  sum of a matrix .
truth: the sum of the squares of the entries . 
test:  null   floor
truth:  sum   sum

test:  decrypt the given data key with the given key .
truth: decrypt and return data with aes cbc . 
test:  decrypts   message
truth:  decrypt   decrypt

test:  get all warning statistics .
truth: get warning statistics . 
test:  wrap   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return the instances of the specified identity document .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   get
truth:  look   up

test:  empty : direct_declarator .
truth: empty : . 
test:  null   assert
truth:  empty   null

test:  creates multiple :class:metadata .
truth: construct a counting graph from a set of input files . 
test:  function   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  enhanced for a single finite matrix .
truth: throw a valueerror if x contains nan or infinity . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  throw   a

test:  unquote the string .
truth: remove quotes from a string . 
test:  unquote   a
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  given a course_key return a course and a course_key .
truth: internal method used to calculate and return the locator and course module for the view functions in this file . 
test:  check   a
truth:  null   method

test:  parse a asdl response headers and return a dict .
truth: attempt to decode any firelogger-style error messages in the response from kumascript . 
test:  copy   process
truth:  to   attempt

test:  decorate a function .
truth: function decorator implementing retrying logic . 
test:  null   null
truth:  function   decorator

test:  dispatch method for the provided resultraise .
truth: send a message to manager using connection c and return response . 
test:  convert   update
truth:  send   a

test:  lettuce should print declaration on django .
truth: lettuce should serve admin static files properly on django 1 . 
test:  lettuce   null
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  displayed displayed in the given group .
truth: add the given fake facility groups to the given fake facilities . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  use source field to find source account .
truth: use source field to set organization account . 
test:  move   processing
truth:  source   source

test:  parse the startup dictionary .
truth: startup packets contain a set of keys and values . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  startup   packets

test:  determine if a loop is inside a vector3 loop .
truth: determine if a path is entirely outside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a datasource .
truth: given a datasource . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get a schema from the database .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a database . 
test:  db   value
truth:  return   a

test:  test replacing tuples .
truth: test replacing integers . 
test:  replacing   test
truth:  replacing   test

test:  determine if a path is crossing inside the x segment .
truth: determine if the point added to a path is intersecting the path by checking line intersection . 
test:  if   sparse
truth:  if   null

test:  return a tuple of the file encoding .
truth: try to get the encoding of the file using the pep 0263 rules search the first or the second line of the file returns the encoding or the default utf-8 . 
test:  source   attempts
truth:  to   try

test:  returns a list of for the current thread .
truth: determine whether l{deferred} debugging is enabled . 
test:  return   debug
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns the ajax type for a given type .
truth: returns a type checker for a message field of the specified types . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  update the named named group .
truth: set the named ports on a managed instance group . 
test:  update   a
truth:  set   set

test:  increments the only alpha of the fits queue .
truth: remove unnecessary closing point of polygon points attribute . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the time of the linux distribution .
truth: get the users umask . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the comment and comment and comment .
truth: retrieve the given comment and build a serializer context for it . 
test:  works   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the sync sync version .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  display   migrate
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  a wrapper for the software software response .
truth: simulates what happens if our post to software secure is rejected . 
test:  mocks   a
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function takes a unicode string and returns a unicode string .
truth: decode character string in the series/index using indicated encoding . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  decode   character

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  this function 1/sqrt(2) the headers .
truth: remove empty or unwanted headers and find our title . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  empty   remove

test:  return the correct configuration url for a page .
truth: look up and return the value for given url name in configuration . 
test:  url   alternative
truth:  look   up

test:  signals to get the user with activity .
truth: queue an email once a new user is created for osf for meetings . 
test:  handle   sets
truth:  null   queue

test:  split a pathname .
truth: split a pathname . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  decorator for bigmem tests .
truth: decorator for bigmem tests . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  combine the given list of paths into a collection of column names .
truth: returns list of positional and keyword argument names in order . 
test:  do   null
truth:  list   list

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 block raises valueerror for print .
truth: test that print ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper function to open the figure and write to a comment .
truth: redirects stdout/stderr to files . 
test:  function   configure
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  decorator that catches/ignores exceptions and methods .
truth: check if dipy is available . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test for reproducible round trip .
truth: test whether diophantine respects the assumptions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the value of the named package(s) maintenance .
truth: get the current start and end times for the maintenance state . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a file with the given name and write contents to it .
truth: write contents to file at path . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   contents

test:  determine if the key is a valid ipv4 key .
truth: i return true if key is part of text . 
test:  text   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively merges the tokens of symbols to *s* .
truth: this function is called on the token dictionary that is imported from a yaml file . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  function   function

test:  get whether we should send to the emails .
truth: get whether a user wants to receive emails . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the version of the git git version .
truth: returns git version from git --version extracts version number from string get version 1 . 
test:  get   get
truth:  git   git

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load the module if iwconfig is installed . 
test:  load   check
truth:  load   load

test:  browse on the local page .
truth: open documentation in web browser . 
test:  start   generate
truth:  open   documentation

test:  checks if the request is supported .
truth: check if api request version satisfies version restrictions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return the text representation of the textile for a given text .
truth: this function takes additional parameters: head_offset - offset to apply to heading levels html_type - xhtml or html style tags . 
test:  replace   function
truth:  function   function

test:  multiply the memory of a variable .
truth: gradient function for the variablelstm op . 
test:  register   difference
truth:  function   function

test:  queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries .
truth: queries the database and returns a list of dictionaries . 
test:  queries   returns
truth:  queries   queries

test:  raise a given error for each field in the correct directory .
truth: main program function for demultiplexing fasta sequence data file_data: dict of open file objects . 
test:  returns   mapping
truth:  null   program

test:  make sure a call is raised if the timeout is raised .
truth: make sure the timer works with start() . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns the path to the users home page .
truth: reversible named view to direct a user to the appropriate homepage . 
test:  returns   ui
truth:  named   null

test:  return a list of all the tests in a given basis .
truth: visit each test in c{suite} with c{visitor} . 
test:  find   null
truth:  visit   visit

test:  all python modules in the given package .
truth: get list of all public modules relative to a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  this calls a byte-swap function as a unicode string .
truth: this calls the windows queryvalueex function in a unicode safe way . 
test:  calls   converts
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns the path to the directory of the large_pdb_shim .
truth: gets the full path to a testfile inside the same directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  perform morphological thinning of a multi-part image .
truth: perform non-local means denoising on 2-d or 3-d grayscale images . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  checks that the request is a default request .
truth: serialize the given instance of httperror . 
test:  queries   network
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  search for a search object .
truth: tests filtering through a search query . 
test:  retrieving   null
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  ensure control character set .
truth: control-character rendering . 
test:  ensure   show
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  reset the network .
truth: reset network of a server . 
test:  resets   a
truth:  reset   network

test:  identify a string of characters .
truth: turn any string into an identifier: - replace space by _ - replace other illegal chars by _xx_ - append _ if the result is a python keyword . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  modify the endpoints of a range as needed to avoid singularities and vmax and vmax .
truth: ensure the endpoints of a range are finite and not too close together . 
test:  modify   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a list of all the themes of all the themes .
truth: returns theme dirs in given dirs args: themes_dir : base dir that contains themes . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   theme

test:  this will store the current timezone tag in the context .
truth: stores the name of the current time zone in the context . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stores   stores

test:  creates an internal greater than or equal constraint .
truth: creates an internal equality constraint . 
test:  given   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  creates a user with a staff user .
truth: create and return a user . 
test:  require   sets
truth:  create   create

test:  somebody connected to the homepage .
truth: somebody connected to the homepage . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  connected   null

test:  this function checks that a set of strings are isomorphic .
truth: determines if two different cluster assignments are equivalent . 
test:  verifies   check
truth:  if   null

test:  download a plugin file .
truth: download a plugin specified by file_ . 
test:  downloads   multiple
truth:  download   a

test:  sends a commit .
truth: create a new commit . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  create   a

test:  doctest-skipping test should not end with default .
truth: test for issue url ignore duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  this method is a quick efficiently sorted by name .
truth: pure implementation of quick sort algorithm in python . 
test:  null   transform
truth:  null   implementation

test:  vertical sobel on a vertical edge should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a vertical edge should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  list all schema for all controller .
truth: return a dict with information about schemas in a postgres database . 
test:  dictionary   redis
truth:  return   a

test:  call filters with specified arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   call
truth:  command   command

test:  test average of average with solution .
truth: test averaging forward solutions . 
test:  test   feature
truth:  averaging   test

test:  given a subnet mapping .
truth: migrate data to pluggable ipam reference driver . 
test:  removes   delete
truth:  migrate   data

test:  get type from user/group group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   group

test:  for binomial binomial regression count the number of non-masked decomposition of points in the gregorian [low .
truth: exact tost test for one proportion using binomial distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return the subgraph crust for the graph g .
truth: return the k-crust of g . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure keys and values of dict/list/tuple is not yet for use with object .
truth: serialize the provided object . 
test:  obj   replacement
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  returns a boolean depending on the current image .
truth: true if contains any sip or image distortion components . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  construct an ipython ipython ipython ipython ipython .
truth: get the global interactiveshell instance . 
test:  return   precision
truth:  get   get

test:  read rich text .
truth: read the contents of a specific string index . 
test:  text   a
truth:  read   read

test:  creates a new .
truth: create a session by pushing the given document to the server . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  step on a step definitions .
truth: by default lettuce ignore case on step definitions . 
test:  lettuce   steps
truth:  default   default

test:  return sid from the specified name .
truth: this is a tool for getting a sid from a name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a context manager that raises a new environment with a changed attribute .
truth: modify the environment for a test . 
test:  yield   context
truth:  modify   null

test:  using the streaming api .
truth: sample from the streaming api and send output to terminal . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  sample   sample

test:  a utility function which will sort the default setting of a kodi .
truth: takes a results list . 
test:  setting   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  computes polynomial pseudo-remainder of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: helper function for :func:_dup_decompose . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  sets security groups for elb .
truth: modifies the set of security groups in effect for a mount target mounttargetid - id of the mount target whose security groups will be modified securitygroups - list of no more than 5 vpc security group ids . 
test:  set   changes
truth:  modifies   null

test:  helper to warn all the empty directories .
truth: prints warning msg for contrib modules . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  warning   warning

test:  removes the first api version from the href .
truth: removes the first api version from the href . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  this function is 0-mean to determine what type of .
truth: replace any api . 
test:  function   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get a list of available instance associated with a given name .
truth: check to see if an instance profile is associated with an iam role . 
test:  profile   null
truth:  to   check

test:  return a dict with dict keys that can be used to download dict .
truth: return args for download_setuptools function from cmdline args . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  return   args

test:  return the datacenter path for the datastore .
truth: constructs a url path that vsphere accepts reliably . 
test:  exclude   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  converts an depth into packed subtle format .
truth: converts depth into a nicer format for display this is abstracted to allow for experimentation with normalization args: depth: a numpy array with 2 bytes per pixel returns: a numpy array that has been processed whos datatype is unspecified . 
test:  null   indent
truth:  depth   depth

test:  drops an database .
truth: drop database . 
test:  to   drops
truth:  drop   database

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: write a binary sff file to an output file . 
test:  format   accepts
truth:  write   a

test:  rebuild a relative function as input .
truth: compute the variable that is the output of a multiplication tree . 
test:  compose   docstring
truth:  compute   compute

test:  for a container with a requested name .
truth: return true if two wildcard patterns can match the same string . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  click the event notification .
truth: vertical select callback . 
test:  scroll   event
truth:  select   null

test:  determine whether a user can delete an acl .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wait for a packet to return the appropriate status .
truth: wait for a certain status from packet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  assert that the format is in order .
truth: assert that all the terms in the needles list are found in the haystack . 
test:  specified   test
truth:  assert   assert

test:  same as a < b .
truth: same as a <= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a window .
truth: return a hamming window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a page appropriate for the preview .
truth: resolves a url path to a single page object . 
test:  load   a
truth:  resolves   a

test:  execute self-tests .
truth: execute self-tests . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  find the certname lineage in certname .
truth: find a lineage object with name certname . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   a

test:  add intersections of the segment for the loops .
truth: add intersections of the loops with the x segment . 
test:  add   intersections
truth:  add   intersections

test:  return the l2 cloudwatchevents instance .
truth: returns a boto3 client for accessing cloudwatch events . 
test:  sends   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of sorting that are sorting for the given announcement .
truth: sorts a list of courses by their announcement date . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sorts   a

test:  it should download a wheel archive path .
truth: it should download a wheel archive path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  for modules .
truth: updates the du chain of the instruction located at loc such that there is no more reference to it so that we can remove it . 
test:  update   remove
truth:  updates   updates

test:  decorator for locked exceptions to ensure that the volume do not match .
truth: lock decorator for volume operations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  lock   decorator

test:  retrieves the downloadurl when the batchjob is complete .
truth: cancels the given batchjob . 
test:  null   null
truth:  cancels   null

test:  converts binary label to binary representation .
truth: converts integer label to binary representation . 
test:  convert   uses
truth:  converts   integer

test:  parse an xml string .
truth: test error handling . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  error   error

test:  returns a boolean to indicate pyenv is pyenv on the minion .
truth: check to see if pyenv is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  generate a uuid for the specified name and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  usage: {{ ipn to a search dict .
truth: converts a collection domain object to a search dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the different api .
truth: suspend the thread until another . 
test:  emulate   join
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  create a standard or product of a conditions window .
truth: if the interactive window is visible . 
test:  place   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return a sequence of sequences between sequences .
truth: returns a list of numbers obeying a power law distribution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks that units is an inherited line .
truth: checks for additional blank line issues related to sections . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list of strings that are only meant to access the read from the output of the request .
truth: parse and validate a pair of yyymmdd date strings . 
test:  return   tag
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set the accuracy of an option to the prefix .
truth: alter default behavior on how float is formatted in dataframe . 
test:  set   set
truth:  default   default

test:  returns a dictionary of the command to be run when the process is installed .
truth: get command line arguments for getting emulator env . 
test:  given   package
truth:  command   command

test:  paging request type paging section 9 .
truth: paging request type 3 section 9 . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  perform the covariance m step for step .
truth: perform the covariance m step for diagonal cases . 
test:  perform   compute
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns the url for the api .
truth: get the address of a trakt api endpoint . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  update or add resource home .
truth: update or add resources from dll/exe file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class .
truth: convenience routine to set peer verification callback based on serversslcertverification class . 
test:  null   routine
truth:  null   routine

test:  list the currently installed disks :return: the current startup disks :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: list all valid startup disks on the system . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  pushes the push push to a topic .
truth: create subscriptions to a topic . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   subscriptions

test:  add a key for each key in the sequence .
truth: xor the algorithm state with a block of key material . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  xor   xor

test:  given a request .
truth: return marker . 
test:  returns   marker
truth:  return   marker

test:  like zero .
truth: given a numpy dtype . 
test:  crops   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get current media descriptor object .
truth: get the media resource locator from a media descriptor object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  cleans the offsets code of an integer code .
truth: returns a 4-int-tuple of . 
test:  unpack   parse
truth:  returns   a

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode a list/tuple . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  parse the service info of a service instance object .
truth: print some basic knowledge about your environment as a hello world equivalent for pyvmomi . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   print

test:  find size in files .
truth: utility function . 
test:  get   sums
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a pandas error to the integer number of bytes .
truth: converts a float to a rational pair . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  a 307 temporary redirect redirect to the context .
truth: a 303 see other redirect . 
test:  null   format
truth:  null   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: job titles controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   titles

test:  make sure that the theano items of theano variables always use the theano results .
truth: tests that the four possible ways of creating a theano rng give the same results with the same seed . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  transform a var of the private dimension into a flat array of binary digits .
truth: construct a one-hot matrix from a vector of integer labels . 
test:  sum   image
truth:  construct   a

test:  converts a key into parameter names .
truth: converts key names into parameter names . 
test:  converts   key
truth:  converts   key

test:  downloads a progress file from a url .
truth: download streaming data from a url . 
test:  download   data
truth:  download   download

test:  reverse a playlist playlist .
truth: reverse order of entire loaded playlist . 
test:  reverse   display
truth:  order   order

test:  select a path based on path .
truth: calculated the best-paths by comparing as-path lengths . 
test:  select   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return an iterator over zero at point .
truth: turns a two dimensional array into a one dimensional . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the language for the given language .
truth: return the template for language . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compiles all controllers counter into the folder .
truth: compiles all the controllers in the application specified by folder . 
test:  compiles   a
truth:  compiles   null

test:  simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests .
truth: simple view to echo back info about uploaded files for tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  return the timezone time zone .
truth: return the current time . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a path to the default python file that can be used as a default path .
truth: provide the default behavior of pythonpaths sys . 
test:  default   path
truth:  provide   null

test:  calculates a specified md5 hash for the specified user .
truth: md5sum of basestring . 
test:  get   signal
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  current python exceptions .
truth: print transactions . 
test:  is   usage
truth:  print   print

test:  simple error page based on parameters .
truth: prefix a validation error message while maintaining the existing validation data structure . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  prefix   a

test:  make a config file with a different update .
truth: cc_binary_config section . 
test:  null   config
truth:  null   section

test:  show a single question .
truth: preconfigured wrapper around the celery command . 
test:  start   show
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  corrupts a config object to a config .
truth: add to the project file the configuration specified by config . 
test:  add   a
truth:  to   add

test:  initialize a nice pattern on the device .
truth: if the config option ebuild . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  a private key for imagepluginchoicewidget .
truth: manage a private keys existence . 
test:  create   a
truth:  manage   a

test:  display list of certificate certificates for user .
truth: regenerate certificates for a user . 
test:  upload   null
truth:  regenerate   certificates

test:  return the absolute path to a resource .
truth: path to a test vector . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   path

test:  converts all row element-wise element-wise to a dict .
truth: populate dict with database row fields . 
test:  transform   method
truth:  populate   dict

test:  write a table as a fixed width table with noheader .
truth: write a table as a normal fixed width table . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  creates a tensorflow tensor into a collection .
truth: merge outputs . 
test:  merge   multiple
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  returns permissions for c{g}s from settings .
truth: returns every permissions allowed from settings for the current user . 
test:  settings   view
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: return virtual name of the module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  this function uses the life at before_handler to end a successful life resource .
truth: pyramid tween to handle service end of life . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  null   pyramid

test:  return true if *obj* is iterable .
truth: return true if obj is iterable with a well-defined len() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of file names of all files in the given folder .
truth: return all files in a file/directory tree . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the style loss for the given set of default g .
truth: computes style gradient and loss from activation features . 
test:  compute   gcd
truth:  computes   style

test:  field_seq : function field_seq field_seq .
truth: function_seq : function sep function_seq | function function_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  emits events related to the event log .
truth: clears all events currently in the event buffer . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  check a valid periodic { recognizes .
truth: write a full-featured table with common types and explicitly checkout output . 
test:  test   config
truth:  write   a

test:  return a description of markdown .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  applies   characters
truth:  apply   html

test:  setup the available co2 sensors .
truth: setup access to netatmo cameras . 
test:  setup   try
truth:  access   access

test:  call the given command(s) .
truth: call the given command(s) . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  return list of series where the csv files differ .
truth: figure out all the keys in the data dict for csv columns . 
test:  return   a
truth:  figure   figure

test:  escape a line string so that it can safely be placed within a new line .
truth: replaces new line characters by a backslash followed by a n . 
test:  replace   function
truth:  replaces   new

test:  clears a ccx field for the ccx .
truth: remove field information from ccx overrides mapping dictionary . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   field

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  chain a sentence into a tree .
truth: compose a sequence of rules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compose   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from key/value to a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a simple wrapper around cos that ignores the animation of a sequence .
truth: wrapper for cos from math . 
test:  null   arg
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a list of the dns records for the specified domain dns .
truth: retrieve and return the mx records for a domain . 
test:  to   errors
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a version from v2 that are v2 according to the plugins in the v2 .
truth: diff is the integer difference between the most leftward part of the versions that differ . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  is   diff

test:  return a filename based on a path .
truth: return a plausible module name for the patch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: input create an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  a helper function to set the trace for the trace .
truth: call pdb . 
test:  apply   output
truth:  call   pdb

test:  returns the list of entity ids for the given service .
truth: ignore sdk error in case of getting an entity from service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ignore   sdk

test:  cleanup temporary dirs/files .
truth: cleanup test artifacts . 
test:  clean   case
truth:  test   test

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  show a remote transfer to transfer a remote transfer .
truth: transfer file(s) to a remote host using scp . 
test:  run   calls
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  given a url string .
truth: given a url and a key/val pair . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a job with a correct job id necessary to make sure the specified job id is necessary to make any necessary to make sure jids with a job is
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  do   null
truth:  do   null

test:  return the operator corresponding to the given object .
truth: takes in a dd object or string and prints out its id this is a helper method . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  takes   in

test:  returns a timeseries from a series of its average expansion of the average from the average series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the average . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  test that map of selection components given by linear-interpolation function .
truth: test anova effects parsing . 
test:  test   attempts
truth:  test   test

test:  create a new tdes cipher .
truth: create a new tdes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test whether an object is an instance of type .
truth: test whether an object is an instance of int or long . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  just returns a string as a string that doesnt change anything to currency .
truth: adds the currency symbol as set in sales module settings to a given string if the currency has no symbol it adds a three letter code to the end e . 
test:  float   up
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a list of all calculators available .
truth: returns a list of available calculators . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  a no-op way to wait for a given name to be run in a dict .
truth: deletes a key from etcd only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  if   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns context variables helpful for debugging .
truth: returns context variables helpful for debugging . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  custom formstyle for formstyle .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  url encode a dict/multidict .
truth: url encode a dict/multidict . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test that a icrs array with a icrs column .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from gcrs . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  escapes a string for inclusion in a url .
truth: returns url encoding of string s . 
test:  colorize   convert
truth:  url   url

test:  a wrapper for pythons urllib .
truth: a wrapper for pythons urllib . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  new series controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  remove the signature of the package .
truth: return an import statement in the form: from package import name_leafs . 
test:  create   config
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - immediately inside parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace in the following situations: - more than one space around an assignment operator to align it with another . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  class decorator that instantiates a class with a metaclass .
truth: guidos monkeypatch metaclass . 
test:  null   tuples
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  copy an installation fsencoding to a new destination .
truth: copy2 that ensures filesystem encoding of paths . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  number of responses to a mission .
truth: number of human resources deployed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   number

test:  flatten a series of series .
truth: convert app guids to pretty names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   app

test:  return the ip_nonlocal_bind between two local lines .
truth: fill a function docstring from variables in dictionary adapt the indent of the inserted docs parameters docstring : string docstring from function . 
test:  xml   a
truth:  fill   a

test:  return the configuration directory for the given flask application .
truth: currently gets it based on the hadoop configuration location . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state .
truth: return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all tables in the database and put the database in an empty initial state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a vastly attribute that works with constant .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  wrap   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a handle to the relative url for a relative url .
truth: returns an absolute url . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if incomplete upload file is complete enough .
truth: make sure "incomplete" and "complete" are not identical . 
test:  if   in
truth:  make   null

test:  create a k[x] polynomial from a dict .
truth: create a k[x] polynomial from a dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  search up a query number .
truth: togows search iteratating over the results . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  search   search

test:  parse a file .
truth: parse a c file using pycparser . 
test:  text   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieve the state data from the salt pillar data from the salt pillar data can be passed with the custom pillar data and display .
truth: retrieve the highstate data from the salt master to analyse used and unused states custom pillar data can be passed with the pillar kwarg . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  like load_sprite_image .
truth: a list of routes on this machine . 
test:  get   compute
truth:  list   list

test:  return a list of weighted percentile of the weighted percentile .
truth: compute the weighted percentile of array with sample_weight . 
test:  return   samples
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initialize a home assistant server .
truth: initialize a home assistant server . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  jump_statement : goto id semi .
truth: jump_statement : continue semi . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  read unsigned 64bit matrix from bti file .
truth: read 16bit integer matrix from bti file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   16bit

test:  run a signle hook .
truth: executed before running the code in ipython . 
test:  run   run
truth:  executed   null

test:  get the default volume type .
truth: get the default volume type . 
test:  retrieves   volume
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-laguerre quadrature [1]_ points and weights . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  load a model model .
truth: load a trained model for decoding . 
test:  given   a
truth:  load   a

test:  add an argument to an available available .
truth: bind cli arguments to a shell . 
test:  add   add
truth:  bind   cli

test:  test if we can decorate this function .
truth: check if a local file exists . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return a text representation of the object .
truth: return the text of the source code for an object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a method that returns the resulting expression .
truth: creates an infix operator . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a directory .
truth: starting from start_dir and moving upwards . 
test:  return   a
truth:  starting   starting

test:  make sure the directory dir exists .
truth: creates a directory . 
test:  shared   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  to allow include tasks to include tree .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  transforms the given clip into the edges .
truth: transforms any photo into some kind of painting . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  return a filter that checks if a group is being created from a group .
truth: get a filter to check if a grp snapshot is being created from a grp . 
test:  get   atomic
truth:  get   a

test:  return the list of active chunks for a given file .
truth: return a list of the containers available on the minion path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the list of available requests .
truth: iterate through requested access approving or not . 
test:  gunicorn   lists
truth:  iterate   null

test:  converts the input data to camel components .
truth: convert snake case to camel case . 
test:  adapt   a
truth:  convert   snake

test:  function called by methods .
truth: return true if the two methods are the same implementation . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  test getting completion for bash bash .
truth: test getting completion for bash shell . 
test:  getting   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  test for a javascript and files with javascript has the same javascript javascript javascript javascript javascript for javascript d .
truth: this test method has to be at the end of the test modules because subclassing a model causes the custommodel to be added as a viewable and messes up the resources state for the other tests . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator that skips a function requires npn .
truth: wraps any function that requires npn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: fallback for module homepage when not customised and no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  null   fallback

test:  return a dict with the current unicode key and the name of the current site configuration .
truth: returns a dictionary product after merging configuration and the default value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initiate all parameters .
truth: sets module parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  module   sets
truth:  module   module

test:  yaml: validating a string parameter .
truth: yaml: validating-string a validating string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:validating string plugin <validating+string+parameter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate the training mobile loop .
truth: eval cifar-10 for a number of steps . 
test:  evaluate   multiply
truth:  null   eval

test:  given two or source first .
truth: transfer analytics from source collection to the destination collection . 
test:  uploads   images
truth:  transfer   analytics

test:  return the list of facet items for an facet .
truth: return the list of unselected facet items for the given facet . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unassign for a floating ip .
truth: unassign a floating ip . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return v1 .
truth: pearson correlation using numpy . 
test:  if   v1
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  we want to mw .
truth: searches the specified mediawiki server for the given query . 
test:  quotes   search
truth:  searches   searches

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify section 9 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   mode

test:  return a record as a constant .
truth: create a constant array . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  define a block that can be overridden by child templates .
truth: define a block that can be overridden by child templates . 
test:  inline   a
truth:  define   a

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns the matrix with each row having the specified kind .
truth: raise a square matrix to the power n . 
test:  is   return
truth:  raise   a

test:  convert aware :class:~datetime .
truth: set timezone for a :class:~datetime . 
test:  given   a
truth:  set   timezone

test:  test getting completion for fish completion .
truth: test getting completion for fish shell . 
test:  getting   tests
truth:  getting   test

test:  expand ~ path .
truth: provides an absolute path . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  provides   null

test:  patches to keep that testing to correct type .
truth: dont dedent if first line of ctx . 
test:  use   in
truth:  dedent   null

test:  returns an absolute path for astropy .
truth: resolve ~ and environment variables in *path* . 
test:  expand   path
truth:  resolve   null

test:  verify a signature .
truth: verify a signature . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reset the command-line cache for all the local cache .
truth: reset global state when languages setting has been changed . 
test:  accumulated   cache
truth:  reset   reset

test:  splits an auth string into multiple tuples .
truth: split a digest auth string into individual key=value strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  split   a

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: parse cell line records . 
test:  parse   enzyme
truth:  parse   cell

test:  import error node .
truth: check if the try-except node has an importerror handler . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  orv == orv == orv .
truth: orv == nv == orv . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   orv

test:  create a dynamic element .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs are elements of some expected collection . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  returns a dictionary with all keys of regular dictionaries .
truth: performs a partial deep-copy on |in_dict| . 
test:  copies   subject
truth:  performs   a

test:  run patches .
truth: return the signed sha-256 hash of content . 
test:  ingest   key
truth:  return   return

test:  testing with no features path should not occur .
truth: testing the colorful output of many successful features . 
test:  testing   information
truth:  testing   testing

test:  uses googleappengine to return the text file output from a given command .
truth: run the given subprocess command and return its output . 
test:  downloads   information
truth:  run   run

test:  remove all files matching a list of paths .
truth: many builds . 
test:  remove   sql
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates a new database with the location from the database .
truth: creates an empty database . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  take a list of warnings and returns a list of warnings objects .
truth: helper for test output . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  ensure the named container name is disabled .
truth: disable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  check   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a value for the requested metric .
truth: return a value for the requested metric . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  indentation wrapper .
truth: decorator for makin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the minimum cost of g .
truth: return a minimum cost flow satisfying all demands in digraph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the name of a theme with the given name .
truth: get name of parent theme . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  name   name

test:  recommend for common nofilter: .
truth: return top five recommended brands when given brands to recommend for . 
test:  return   calculate
truth:  return   top

test:  get the carving for the file .
truth: get the function lists in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the list of option options to use .
truth: returns the key/value pairs in the passed dict in a commaspace-delimited list in the format "key=value" . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the largest circle outset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest circle outset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  log a message usage:: log log the info log .
truth: log some information - maybe useful . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   log

test:  multiply f by a term in k[x] .
truth: multiply f by c*x_0**i in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   f
truth:  multiply   f

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  send a system manager to a site .
truth: add a new system manager to a site . 
test:  send   add
truth:  add   a

test:  extract the version from the version string .
truth: extracts jdk version in format like 7u13-b20 from java -version command output . 
test:  return   version
truth:  extracts   null

test:  runs a wsgi application .
truth: like run_wsgi_app() but doesnt add wsgi middleware . 
test:  run   a
truth:  like   like

test:  returns true if the user is logged in .
truth: given a sessionid . 
test:  returns   authentication
truth:  given   a

test:  write seqs to fasta with specified length .
truth: write seqs to fp with specified write mode seqs: list of tuples . 
test:  write   seqs
truth:  write   seqs

test:  return the list of the events that will be used by the server .
truth: generate winrepo_cachefile based on sls files in the winrepo_dir cli example: . 
test:  returns   measure
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a rabbitmq list of all plugins of the specified datacenter: .
truth: returns a list of the names of the enabled plugins . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test to make sure that the bucket has been credentials .
truth: integration test for bucket naming issues . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  trims json object from json .
truth: compress json . 
test:  import   null
truth:  compress   json

test:  save sys .
truth: make sure sys . 
test:  context   context
truth:  make   null

test:  creates a file .
truth: create srt file in filesystem . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   create

test:  account delete .
truth: account delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory .
truth: get the entire text of a file in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  use netmiko to change show arp on pynet-rtr2 .
truth: use netmiko to change the logging buffer size and to disable console logging from a file for both pynet-rtr1 and pynet-rtr2 . 
test:  send   netmiko
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  return a dict of the dependencies whose keys are dependencies that will get the given dependents .
truth: maximum-ish of scores of children this takes a dictionary of scores per key and returns a new set of scores per key that is the maximum of the scores of all children of that node plus its own score . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  null   null

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: set/remove rapid data entry flag . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the length of an object .
truth: return an estimate of the number of items in obj . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the vmx .
truth: function to search for vmx files on any datastore that is passed to it . 
test:  searches   find
truth:  to   function

test:  returns a filter name for the given filetypes .
truth: return filter associated to file extension . 
test:  removes   function
truth:  filter   filter

test:  creates a url for a given order of the ordered list of dicts .
truth: reverse an order by clause . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  returns the answer for an exploration .
truth: resolves selected answers for the given rule . 
test:  is   a
truth:  selected   resolves

test:  lowest and highest values .
truth: pearsons correlation coefficient (r) . 
test:  null   gaussian
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  turn on logging and add a logger which prints to stderr .
truth: turn on logging and add a handler which prints to stderr . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turn   null

test:  stops service via monit cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  catches the problem_weighted_score_changed that a course has been published in studio and sets the coach redirect to a course .
truth: set grading policy for the ccx . 
test:  project   detail
truth:  set   set

test:  verifies that fixtures fixtures are shown and tests .
truth: verifies that fixtures are not executed . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the object is a isframe generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a frame object . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process files to pixel for translation explorations .
truth: process hour_dates traffic . 
test:  process   null
truth:  process   process

test:  return the url to use for tracking pageviews .
truth: since we might be hosted behind a proxy . 
test:  returns   url
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of compiler filters that are not already filters .
truth: given a filter config dictionary . 
test:  function   null
truth:  given   a

test:  checks that sample ids are less than only contain the mapping file names and both duplicates and less items .
truth: flags duplicate . 
test:  checks   barcodes
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  downloads a messagingtimeout .
truth: if already-downloaded file has bad checksum . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  if   null

test:  a 2d wrapper around the url to clone a repository .
truth: clone the repository up to the specified changeset_revision . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  clone   clone

test:  uses the input from the input nodes to output nodes of the graph .
truth: uses the topooptimizer from the output nodes to input nodes of the graph . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  uses   uses

test:  script entry point .
truth: create two new test networkdevices in the database . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   create

test:  ensure a subnet group exists .
truth: ensure elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  set   queries
truth:  ensure   elasticache

test:  utility function to parse http request .
truth: try and parse request as an http request . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  try   try

test:  table with twoline table for data .
truth: typical fixed format table with two header lines (with some cruft thrown in to test column positioning . 
test:  input   input
truth:  fixed   null

test:  compute the dot product of a and b .
truth: computes the dot product of two variables . 
test:  null   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return whether this service is running .
truth: return whether this service is running . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the list of entries that will be deleted on the given page .
truth: implements algorithm for combining and reordering handlers . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  create a new task with the given task .
truth: create property collector filter for task . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   property

test:  download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for the download_base .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  merges includes code into a single dict .
truth: merge all includes recursively . 
test:  merges   open
truth:  merge   merge

test:  prompt the user to provide a variable with a value .
truth: prompt the user for the given variable and return the entered value or the given default . 
test:  needs   user
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  return a new unique key in the form in the form .
truth: return a string of the distinct characters of symbols with those of key appearing first . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure empty lines do not break the console .
truth: ensure that an attribute with a prefix unique to the dictionary is properly completed . 
test:  to   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  saves one or more arrays into a file .
truth: saves one or more arrays into a file in uncompressed . 
test:  saves   return
truth:  saves   one

test:  remove an iis application pool .
truth: remove an iis application pool . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  given a slice .
truth: return the [lower . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  parse udevadm information .
truth: parse the info returned by udevadm command . 
test:  url   list
truth:  parse   parse

test:  restore a configuration item from the database .
truth: webroot_map is . 
test:  triggers   null
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the attenuation matrix for a 4d matrix .
truth: returns ml and mu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the *nix user .
truth: project0 project . 
test:  to   null
truth:  project   project

test:  helper for decorator; to make sure that this is a helper for a memoryerror memoryerror .
truth: ensure we have the proper transform . 
test:  sets   lists
truth:  ensure   null

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: no dependencies outside of what salt itself requires . 
test:  let   check
truth:  null   dependencies

test:  a function to return a list of lists of information about all the information in the repository dependency from the dependency .
truth: return a list of of tuples defining repository objects required by the received repository . 
test:  inspect   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the python version as a string .
truth: return a string containing the major and minor python version . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string specifying the bundled version .
truth: returns the current version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test dimension exception .
truth: test dimension exception 2d . 
test:  dimension   test
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  check if each file in the specified file .
truth: verify if a list of files exist and have content . 
test:  files   a
truth:  if   null

test:  show related items .
truth: show videos related to to vid num . 
test:  called   use
truth:  show   videos

test:  return an :obj:ordereddict describing data .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict with a brief description of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a generator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the connected graph of the given graph .
truth: return the set of maximal cliques of a connected chordal graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  filter data passed by t-test .
truth: return data passed through bessel filter . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  return the port port number for the current host .
truth: parse hostname:22 into a host and port . 
test:  get   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  sends a map and tries to redirect to particular url .
truth: we have to maintain order with respect to the queryparams which is a bit of a pain todo: very hacky will subclass querydict to sortedquerydict at some point and use a decent sort function . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  have   null

test:  change the root directory of this process .
truth: change the root directory of this process . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  turn the callback callback repository into the available database .
truth: callback for "insecure-login" prompt . 
test:  function   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check that a color contains a color expected value .
truth: ensure val is nx . 
test:  check   check
truth:  ensure   val

test:  returns a list of exploration ids given in the given exploration view .
truth: given a list of exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the object has access to the course .
truth: returns whether user has staff access to specified modules or not . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requestgenerationfailed} .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{requesttransmissionfailed} . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   a

test:  get the path to the kwarg directory .
truth: import the code in noname_wrapped . 
test:  change   open
truth:  import   import

test:  run a salt service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  create   a
truth:  name   name

test:  it should be used with the classifier .
truth: an example of how to load a trained model and use it to predict labels . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   example

test:  returns a slice of the supplied index .
truth: helper function to convert a slice argument to an integer . 
test:  decide   get
truth:  function   function

test:  process starting a process with ok=false .
truth: test starting a detached process . 
test:  create   starting
truth:  starting   starting

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a review .
truth: skip a test that needs further review . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  skip   a

test:  returns a list of flat tags for this group .
truth: extract tags sharing the same name as the provided tag . 
test:  removes   list
truth:  extract   tags

test:  get the tetragrid from the elementnode .
truth: get the tetragrid from the elementnode letter m values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  performs zfs storagepool .
truth: create a volumeservice with a zfs . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the repr of the current byte string .
truth: return description of event loop flag . 
test:  to   timestamp
truth:  return   description

test:  given a function and a map .
truth: lazily map function over sequence . 
test:  given   null
truth:  map   map

test:  return the python source file an object was defined in .
truth: return the filename that can be used to locate an objects source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  yield all files in the roots that match a given pattern .
truth: accepts the file_roots or the pillar_roots structures and yields {path: <path> . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  crumb for a year .
truth: crumb for a year . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to write a deployment to a deployment directory .
truth: salt thin needs to be deployed - prep the target directory and emit the delimeter and exit code that signals a required deployment . 
test:  usage   null
truth:  null   salt

test:  verifies the specified file is into the directory with this is a vectorized function .
truth: check if a file is in directory . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  test isactive .
truth: test setting singleshot . 
test:  use   isactive
truth:  setting   setting

test:  replace agreement comments with old style comments .
truth: not used: strips trailing comments and put them at the top . 
test:  computes   generator
truth:  null   null

test:  setup sudoers for bench .
truth: add commands to sudoers list for execution without password . 
test:  bench   bench
truth:  add   commands

test:  test reading and #2083 of voltage voltage voltage .
truth: test converting -trans . 
test:  test   test
truth:  converting   test

test:  assign the values of a function to numpy array .
truth: aux function . 
test:  given   discovery
truth:  function   function

test:  return a html chunk for the static static static static page .
truth: return the static web help page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return data array with the new shape .
truth: allocate a new ndarray with aligned memory . 
test:  convert   running
truth:  allocate   a

test:  used to save a task definition to a new task .
truth: internal function to save the task definition . 
test:  save   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template .
truth: converts any value to a string to become part of a rendered template . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a vastly simplified wrapping a socket .
truth: given and pooloptions . 
test:  to   replacement
truth:  given   null

test:  a decorator: provide a different refactorer .
truth: a convenience function for creating a refactoringtool for tests . 
test:  returns   convenience
truth:  null   convenience

test:  check if the provided sidebar is found in the cache .
truth: ensures that the sidebar shows the categories for the correct type . 
test:  to   check
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a list of user ids with name .
truth: get all users who will be subscribed to the osf general mailing list . 
test:  return   users
truth:  get   get

test:  reconstruct a polynomial in a .
truth: align to the next 32-bit position in a file . 
test:  align   null
truth:  to   null

test:  given tags from a file or name .
truth: add the tags on an elb name name of the elb tags list of tags to remove cli example: . 
test:  given   null
truth:  add   add

test:  sets the widget on the widget .
truth: create a qtextbrowser for the specified text . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all cgsnapshots .
truth: get all agent builds . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  is the given value that is a valid tuple .
truth: return true if link rel attribute has nofollow type . 
test:  check   null
truth:  return   return

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define scala_library target . 
test:  null   target
truth:  define   null

test:  runs the generic web server with the data .
truth: top level zipline entry point . 
test:  loads   loop
truth:  null   level

test:  link to the bokeh user in the bokeh view .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  to   link
truth:  to   link

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new built-ins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  given a valid set of values .
truth: hubble extreme deep field . 
test:  to   routine
truth:  null   null

test:  test database tables .
truth: database must have catalogs key . 
test:  issue   tables
truth:  null   database

test:  make sure that line is able to html .
truth: write a list of gaf records to an output stream . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  write   a

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if requests is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a new keyring keyring .
truth: create keyring for cluster cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   keyring

test:  returns the url for the current thread .
truth: get the prefix for the current thread . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  builds the client spec .
truth: builds the property spec object . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a list of items matching the specified path .
truth: returns a list of items matching the specified path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds caching :type setcookiesfromurl response .
truth: set caching headers . 
test:  add   a
truth:  caching   set

test:  determine whether the given node is eligible for eligible .
truth: check to ensure that node is not the popular or new_and_noteworthy links_node . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a list of team courses for the given course .
truth: returns a dict containing gating information for the given xblock which can be added to xblock info responses . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the ca ca certificates .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca as_text if true . 
test:  gets   one
truth:  get   get

test:  compute adjacency within distances between points .
truth: find all vertices wihin a maximum geodesic distance from source . 
test:  convert   wrap
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime to a corresponding datetime .
truth: convert timestamp to datetime . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   timestamp

test:  create a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: create a fixed ip from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  display a gcode linear move text .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text and settings . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  helper to process a usable by applying diag(d) .
truth: scale jacobian and residuals for a robust loss function . 
test:  multiply   bound
truth:  scale   jacobian

test:  generate a random string with a random number of characters .
truth: generate a random char with chars collection . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  sample each row in x .
truth: samples a 2d function f over specified intervals and returns two arrays suitable for plotting with matlab syntax . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  samples   a

test:  sends a notification via rpc .
truth: sends a notification via rpc . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  skip a function as if necessary .
truth: decorator to turn tasklet to run eagerly . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  removes a directory from the given path .
truth: recursively remove a directory . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the number of permutations of numtips .
truth: this function maps the number of children for each node . 
test:  return   expression
truth:  function   function

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  set the sql connection for database .
truth: set defaults for configuration variables . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   defaults

test:  a context manager that disables the lock on a file descriptor .
truth: this function is intended to be used as a with statement context manager . 
test:  spin   context
truth:  function   function

test:  clear the regular expression cache .
truth: clear the regular expression caches . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  a little helper function to make sure that a room is valid .
truth: a unique room that does not need to be as general . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure that the instance is not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not empty .
truth: filesystem stack list has different lifecycle in filesystem objects . 
test:  make   stack
truth:  stack   stack

test:  save image file .
truth: simple showing of an image through an external viewer . 
test:  to   null
truth:  showing   null

test:  validate that all arguments are present in the attribute that all arguments .
truth: validate that the provided parameter from the action schema can override the runner parameter . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return threshold .
truth: return threshold value(s) based on isodata method . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  generate a pprint .
truth: print the content of nipype node . 
test:  launches   null
truth:  print   print

test:  decorator to indicate that the decorated function is a decorator .
truth: make an authentication decorator i heard you like decorators . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a context object from a sample sample api .
truth: return info for expanding a sample into a template . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   info

test:  wraps a class to wrap a generator .
truth: generate latex document for dvipng backend . 
test:  serves   one
truth:  latex   latex

test:  ensure that the cookies list isnt changed .
truth: test that self . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  add a list of provides to the list of attachment_specs .
truth: takes a sum of terms involving clebsch-gordan coefficients and simplifies the terms . 
test:  to   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  a no-op decorator for testing that should be attached to a dummy method .
truth: helper for @overload to raise when called . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a byte-string version of the string .
truth: return string made lowercase and with all whitespace removed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  string   string

test:  verifies if certificate has been imported .
truth: validate the certificates authenticity using a certification authority . 
test:  verifies   response
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the name of a vmware host .
truth: disconnect the specified host system in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  validate and return a string for option of type optdict .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  update a copy of all db .
truth: update a resource type . 
test:  set   update
truth:  update   a

test:  group delete .
truth: group delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check the structure representation of the workflow structure .
truth: prepare nodes for groking by django - deserialize - automatically skip undefined nodes . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   nodes

test:  pack the source files into a yaml file cli example: .
truth: accepts list of dicts and packs the key/value pairs into a single dict . 
test:  null   install
truth:  list   list

test:  project data using a pyramid model .
truth: fit an ar model to raw data and creates the corresponding iir filter . 
test:  apply   units
truth:  fit   fit

test:  initialize the spider log for a given spider .
truth: logs msg function: init_spider_log . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  logs   logs

test:  reconstruct matrix of ipset .
truth: reconstruct the z value of an equivalent solution of ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 from the z value of a solution of the square-free normal form of the equation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load if python-memcache is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  the setup for sphinx extension .
truth: entry point for sphinx extension . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  point   point

test:  get the specified group policy .
truth: retrieves the specified policy document for the specified group . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  converts a string to a datetime .
truth: converts a date string formatted as defined in the configuration to the corresponding datetime value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  wrap a function to detect and retry .
truth: ensure the driver is authenticated to make a request . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  ensure   null

test:  makes a feature-based channel for an rpc channel .
truth: creates a secure channel with auth credentials from the environment . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  standard paste filter for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  null   method

test:  build the folder of the js folder .
truth: run jshint syntax check . 
test:  start   files
truth:  run   run

test:  return a dict containing details of the help os .
truth: apply default formatting for help messages . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  default   default

test:  return a dict mapping all of the disk images to profile .
truth: gather the disk profile from the config or apply the default based on the active hypervisor this is the default profile for kvm/qemu . 
test:  grabs   profile
truth:  gather   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  convert a file name or a relative file .
truth: convert a absolut path to relative based on its start with basepath . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test simple simple extras of extras installed .
truth: test installing a package from pypi using extras dependency paste[openid] . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform direct to ram on a given power .
truth: suspend the system to ram . 
test:  suspend   git
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  strategy for canonicalization down .
truth: strategy for canonicalization apply each branching rule in a top-down fashion through the tree . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   strategy

test:  reads html to display .
truth: handle chain exceptions in tasks submitted by the multiprocess module . 
test:  test   process
truth:  handle   chain

test:  return a new sequence .
truth: given multiple effects . 
test:  return   items
truth:  given   multiple

test:  given an email .
truth: check if the invited user is already a registered . 
test:  to   email
truth:  if   check

test:  check that every colors is valid correctly with its regex .
truth: shorten colors from #aabbcc to #abc where possible . 
test:  replaces   method
truth:  shorten   colors

test:  integer : integer | float .
truth: integer : number . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   integer

test:  computes polynomial factors of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: computes resultant of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  flask   polynomial
truth:  resultant   resultant

test:  recursively resolve values .
truth: recursively escapes strings in an object . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the canonical diff for the central data .
truth: return weights for an np-point central derivative . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   weights

test:  a helper method used by the placeholder .
truth: a wrapper around tf . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encrypt data with the given secret .
truth: encryptes the data with the given secret key . 
test:  encrypt   decrypt
truth:  null   null

test:  get list of median value appended .
truth: get median of list . 
test:  get   median
truth:  get   median

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  only load the module if the os is installed .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an array of items that correspond to the selected tree of the given tree .
truth: returns selected widget items . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  selected   returns

test:  estimate the plot class of a matrix .
truth: seasonal plot of monthly data parameters x : array-like seasonal data to plot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns the ed2k filter for this process .
truth: a very handy filter to determine if an image is portrait or landscape . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  initalizes the initial state of the given layer .
truth: optionally wrap tensor variable into a dict with taps=[-1] . 
test:  modify   map
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  display a network instance .
truth: helper for the image . 
test:  text   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new environment in home_dir .
truth: creates a new environment in home_dir . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  writes the given contents to a file .
truth: write something to a file in a certain directory . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  write   something

test:  load a module from any python modules .
truth: load module from any filename . 
test:  load   module
truth:  module   module

test:  returns a formset for the given model class .
truth: returns a formset class for the given django model class . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  install a node .
truth: install a node . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  converts a python string in a unicode object to a python unicode .
truth: attempt to coerce string into a unicode object . 
test:  construct   return
truth:  to   attempt

test:  download transcripts from the metadata server .
truth: replaces all transcripts with youtube ones . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  convert a fully url to a local url .
truth: mirror a url path in a local destination . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  clears the memoized results for all functions decorated by the current request/thread .
truth: clear all callbacks . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  destroy the given type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: marks specific instance_type as deleted . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a control script that can be used to replace a different argument to compress .
truth: replaces command line argument . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  command   command

test:  convert a string to a bitlist .
truth: transform from ascii string to bit list . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  transform   transform

test:  decorator for getting / classes to cache its results in the cache .
truth: makes a cached version of socket . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  makes   a

test:  shift_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: primary_expression : id | constant | sconst | lparen expression rparen . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   primary_expression

test:  iterate over theta~dir and base give it .
truth: returns a common but often generic alphabet object . 
test:  update   attempts
truth:  returns   a

test:  join a /-delimited path to a given expression .
truth: convenience function to concatenate tensortypes along the given axis . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an integer to numeric .
truth: convert longitude to single-letter utm zone . 
test:  convert   hex
truth:  convert   longitude

test:  returns a list of all the keys of true .
truth: maintain a list of valid true keys . 
test:  list   nodes
truth:  maintain   a

test:  element-wise power function .
truth: element-wise power function . 
test:  null   power
truth:  null   power

test:  validates settings for arguments in encapsulate and loads them in the extra dict .
truth: checks our facebook and django settings and looks for common errors . 
test:  verify   settings
truth:  checks   checks

test:  recursive helper to prettify all existing index for an index .
truth: formats an index definition as it appears in the yaml definition . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  fetch a server .
truth: initiate a get request . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  initiate   a

test:  edit media with ajax parameters .
truth: edit media means only changing the description . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   media

test:  element-wise exponentiation .
truth: computes the l1 norm of a tensor parameters x : theano tensor returns theano scalar l1 norm . 
test:  emulate   factory
truth:  computes   null

test:  tell worker(s) to modify the task by type .
truth: terminate task by task id . 
test:  tell   null
truth:  terminate   task

test:  the type is a class with a manager for either a specific type or a class .
truth: type various specific python types . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   type

test:  run a test .
truth: theres a bug in django/cx_oracle with respect to string handling under python 3 . 
test:  run   function
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a worksheet object into a string .
truth: the no-op . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a new .
truth: returns expr after denesting its arguments . 
test:  return   d
truth:  expr   expr

test:  returns the exploration from a model .
truth: returns an exploration domain object given an exploration model loaded from the datastore . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  executes list scoped .
truth: executes func on all values recurisively discovering dict and list scoped values . 
test:  func   func
truth:  func   func

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: executable entry point . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   entry

test:  resolve a hostname and determine the address for this module .
truth: resolves host name to ip address . 
test:  resolve   return
truth:  host   host

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  actually implement [uuid|alias|hostname] .
truth: compute epochs selected by bootstrapping . 
test:  function   generate
truth:  compute   epochs

test:  makes the rsa and key as a tuple .
truth: return encryption of i by computing i^e . 
test:  execute   check
truth:  return   encryption

test:  change all existing password cli example: .
truth: reset a users password cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  reset   a

test:  returns a list of paths to be either a folder or python path to the pattern .
truth: finds all paths that should be observed . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  add hosts to label .
truth: add multiple hosts to a label . 
test:  host   hosts
truth:  add   multiple

test:  check for a simple password of database views in database .
truth: checks if user and password are correct . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  convenience function for returning a set of alias nodes with limited fields for rendering the content id for the parent id .
truth: convenience function for returning all parent nodes of a set of content as specified by ids . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an index to a three letter code .
truth: index to corresponding three letter amino acid name . 
test:  null   letter
truth:  to   index

test:  register a new codecs .
truth: enable encodings of the form latex+x where x describes another encoding . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  enable   encodings

test:  encodes a unicode object to utf-8 .
truth: for some strange reason . 
test:  unicode   string
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the minimum clique complement of g .
truth: find the maximum clique finds the o(|v|/^2) apx of maximum clique/independent set in the worst case . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the tree .
truth: callback that yields multiple actions for each group in the match . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  yaml: bitbucket set pending build status on bitbucket .
truth: yaml: bitbucket trigger a job when bitbucket repository is pushed to . 
test:  null   process
truth:  null   null

test:  return a new dict with keys of c{d} .
truth: convert a dict of options to the 2-tuple format . 
test:  return   check
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the inset points inside the loops .
truth: get the inset points of the inset loop inside the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  saves a form to a user .
truth: save a media form . 
test:  saves   set
truth:  save   a

test:  read the gene gene file with the given private input .
truth: return a list of pcfg probabilisticproductions . 
test:  read   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a technical 404 error response .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test automatic chart with legend for legend .
truth: test automatic legend placement . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  squared-exponential kernel .
truth: squared-exponential kernel element-wise . 
test:  null   shorthand
truth:  null   kernel

test:  retrieve all xfs jobs from device cli example: .
truth: get filesystem geometry information . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   filesystem

test:  monkey-patch the object as a implementation of a targets .
truth: element-wise negation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   negation

test:  convert numeric :class:~datetime to calculates i .
truth: as above . 
test:  given   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new new endpoint for a specified endpoint .
truth: insert a new entry under a specific endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  read in the path where we only allow access to do older versions of the running output .
truth: uses the apachectl binary to find configuration files . 
test:  search   server
truth:  uses   uses

test:  expects a value for an integer to a module .
truth: create custom class for specific integer modulus . 
test:  loads   function
truth:  create   custom

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list zones for a given profile .
truth: list zones for the given profile . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   zones

test:  get the ovs key for the specified key .
truth: from an alias . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  utility function to redirect to the osf standard out the field or redirect to sign to the register register object .
truth: returns the next url to redirect to . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all the submodules that need to be available .
truth: similar to :func:get_deps_minimal . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  get the test tolerance that comes comes .
truth: return tolerance values suitable for a given test: parameters type_char : {f . 
test:  test   test
truth:  return   tolerance

test:  verify the key is a csr or csr request .
truth: validate key and csr files . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   key

test:  fixture which provides a fake download object .
truth: register a fakedownloadmanager . 
test:  providing   fixture
truth:  register   a

test:  test %reset reset magic .
truth: test %reset in magic . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  simulates point at a point .
truth: patch the cmdutils module to provide fake commands . 
test:  patch   product
truth:  patch   patch

test:  prints the binary file from gdb .
truth: binary() -> str returns: str: path to the appropriate gdb binary to use . 
test:  drops   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of all available writer segments .
truth: this policy does not merge any existing segments . 
test:  return   setup
truth:  null   policy

test:  return the offsets based on the period of period .
truth: alias to closest period strings bq->q etc . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  get a list of all available poem .
truth: return a poem 5 seconds later . 
test:  download   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test of with_appcontext .
truth: test flaskgroup . 
test:  creates   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a valid dhcp options if a physical options .
truth: check if a dhcp option exists . 
test:  if   utility
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a string with all no more than css characters .
truth: from url . 
test:  make   encode
truth:  url   url

test:  updates packages .
truth: updates packages list . 
test:  updates   packages
truth:  updates   packages

test:  read text from a file .
truth: return string containing the contents of the file at *relpath* relative to this file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  string   string

test:  given restapiid and an optional api returns {deleted: true} if api was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if api was deleted .
truth: deletes a given apikey cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  test that all apps with getting apps .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=multiple . 
test:  running   running
truth:  running   running

test:  return the given value for value .
truth: rounding filter that accepts strings . 
test:  round   value
truth:  filter   filter

test:  upload an s3 object to a file this is convenient .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   response
truth:  upload   a

test:  get the requested movie .
truth: get the media used by the media_player . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement .
truth: run statement under profiler optionally saving results in filename this function takes a single argument that can be passed to the "exec" statement . 
test:  run   statement
truth:  run   statement

test:  creates a template for a template .
truth: return a template object containing the given resource definitions . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove a record from a module .
truth: remove a resource record . 
test:  remove   one
truth:  remove   a

test:  helper function that returns the a*[x instance for the provided tablemodel .
truth: given a gym name . 
test:  return   function
truth:  given   a

test:  specify a method to raise assert if it is a nested method .
truth: give explicit errors when users attempt to pass writable nested data . 
test:  format   a
truth:  give   null

test:  resets the local revision for the clean state .
truth: resets the global runtime state of a pants runtime for cleaner forking . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  resets   null

test:  requires that the user is logged in .
truth: view decorator that requires that the user have global staff permissions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  send a direct warning .
truth: remove message . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  remove   message

test:  returns whether the reuse_db headers is websocket .
truth: determine whether a given set of headers is asking for websockets . 
test:  if   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  recursively print the list of all subdirectories in the configuration file .
truth: print list of files in the "theano . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  list   list

test:  the main program .
truth: run the wsgi app . 
test:  point   correct
truth:  run   run

test:  max pooling pooling .
truth: max pooling 2d . 
test:  pooling   null
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  try to determine if a module is a relative module :type executable: str .
truth: return true if the given module name is relative to the given file name :type modname: str . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns local __doc__ .
truth: get assigned to . 
test:  name   sql
truth:  assigned   get

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only work on supported posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  return a dict of all the getproxies proxies .
truth: return a dictionary of scheme -> proxy server url mappings . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture for accessing a readlinebridge .
truth: returns packageloader initialized from templates . 
test:  returns   dictloader
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a cloud cloud storage .
truth: the main function for salt-cloud . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a 2-d array with the given ref .
truth: factory function that creates typed array or arrayref objects dtype - the data type of the array . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  ignore all patterns in the same state .
truth: function that can be used as copytree() ignore parameter . 
test:  given   null
truth:  function   function

test:  take a string containing the type of the string type .
truth: take a string and expand any windows environment variables . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  updates style library .
truth: update style library with user-defined rc files . 
test:  load   lists
truth:  update   style

test:  extracts a bitstring/bytestring from a string of binary digits .
truth: extract a bitstring from a string of binary digits . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine the url corresponding to python domain or none if the current github domain name a github github .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  compute polynomial division of the nth polynomials .
truth: construct a polynomial with n-th powers of roots of f . 
test:  gcd   compute
truth:  construct   a

test:  test versions of python version .
truth: test of get_version . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  second part of the chinese remainder theorem .
truth: first part of the chinese remainder theorem . 
test:  given   deserialize
truth:  null   part

test:  create a new workflow instance .
truth: activate a trigger . 
test:  summarize   a
truth:  activate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: file_code ->utf-8 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  placeholder users with a user .
truth: add user to default groups . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   user

test:  fetch a user by its username .
truth: return a user object . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  return   a

test:  append === to the current process .
truth: get libzmq version as tuple of ints . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   libzmq

test:  integrate plugins to the context .
truth: integrate plugins to the context . 
test:  loads   plugins
truth:  integrate   plugins

test:  returns a random integer .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  submitted submitted in given file .
truth: works like a regular open() but writes updates into a temporary file instead of the given file and moves it over when the file is closed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] .
truth: computes subresultant prs of two polynomials in k[x] . 
test:  computes   polynomial
truth:  computes   null

test:  retry the decorated function .
truth: helper function to retry a given function a number of times . 
test:  perform   retry
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fqdn class .
truth: get fully qualified domain name cli example: . 
test:  null   in
truth:  get   get

test:  get the directed directed .
truth: get the cpu architecture . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add an empty files which is not a relative path to the elasticsearch directory .
truth: load an empty vfolder . 
test:  default   whitespace
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a fits record format spec to fits format .
truth: convert record format spec to fits format spec . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  record   record

test:  a function to find the minimum resource corresponding to the given name .
truth: decorates a function to handle restful http requests for a resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  check if there is a stream .
truth: checks that sorted indices property is retained through an operation . 
test:  context   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  builds the dummy spec for the managed managed filter .
truth: builds the dummy vm create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns a string with no safe characters .
truth: simulate the python 3 surrogateescape handler . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  simulate   null

test:  marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf response .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  return a timedelta object that is in seconds .
truth: convert timedelta to human-readable time . 
test:  to   docstring
truth:  convert   timedelta

test:  check if system b is in bcpy .
truth: correctly copy b into the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  to   open
truth:  copy   copy

test:  given a secret .
truth: calculate the digital signature for parameters using a shared secret . 
test:  -   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the maximum likelihood of the mean along the specified axis .
truth: return the mean excluding items that are nan . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  return   return

test:  factor a square-free polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: factor polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  get the users username for the specified user .
truth: return the username of a given uid . 
test:  get   values
truth:  return   return

test:  if the user does not have a user .
truth: makes an getoauthuser rpc and stores the results in os . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a function that returns a rotated rotated by name .
truth: higher-order function to test presence of a given label . 
test:  label   classes
truth:  function   function

test:  create a metadef namespace or raise if it already exists .
truth: create a namespace or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  assign a widget to the widgets of a list of widgets .
truth: return a standard comments field . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  like djangos view .
truth: returns the same page in mobile view . 
test:  view   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the group module if the kernel is sunos .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  works   null
truth:  work   work

test:  parse a string into a identifying .
truth: parse a number of steps a multi-line text from a scenario . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  helper to create a file .
truth: draws a network diagram to a file . 
test:  draws   a
truth:  draws   a

test:  parses a string according to the http date format .
truth: parses a date format as specified by http rfc2616 section 3 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  converts the given virtualbox string into a group that either applicable or a new dictionary .
truth: converts a dictionary into an iterator of entries . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator to generate tests to ensure the specified test method is added to the perfectly decorator .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  get the largest inset loop from the loop .
truth: get the largest inset loop from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the platform stream stream .
truth: return our platform name win32 . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   return

test:  waits for a nice shell to finish .
truth: long-running batch jobs should call this now and then to pause their activities in case there are other threads that would like to run . 
test:  make   null
truth:  batch   batch

test:  check the file upload .
truth: check the . 
test:  file   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the summation discrete for an arbitrary type of the given type .
truth: return discrete cosine transform of arbitrary type sequence x . 
test:  return   solve
truth:  return   discrete

test:  do not automatically download the output of console .
truth: downloads dailymotion videos by url . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  send email to inform observers about page .
truth: given a list of tuple of user_id/user_email . 
test:  email   a
truth:  given   a

test:  set the connection info url .
truth: set api info in register . 
test:  to   set
truth:  set   api

test:  returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering / calendar / calendar view rendering authfunc=somepackage .
truth: returns events for gantt / calendar view rendering . 
test:  populate   events
truth:  returns   events

test:  get jobs .
truth: like get_jobs() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  like   like

test:  returns list of files in the given list of files .
truth: walk and sync all doctypes and pages . 
test:  to   a
truth:  walk   null

test:  return the filename of a resource .
truth: get the absolute filename of a file contained with qutebrowser . 
test:  if   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test that invalid version of invalid json .
truth: test on_client_success() with invalid json . 
test:  kludge   null
truth:  test   test

test:  execute several query sql_query using dictionary vars to interpolate it returns an iterator over the query variables is formatted as well as well .
truth: execute sql query q using dictionary vars to interpolate it . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   sql

test:  filter the md5 checksum of a file .
truth: returns a list of desired metadata from a song . 
test:  sum   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate possible hash algorithm for sha256 .
truth: test interaction of bytes w/ hashing modules . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   interaction

test:  ticketstatus edit .
truth: salestatus edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  insert : rule | newline | rule .
truth: rule : id : rulelist morerules ; . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   rule

test:  clean up a component of a component .
truth: clean component . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   component

test:  encode the given headers using the given headers .
truth: only encode metadata headers keys . 
test:  encode   method
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return the full url for the given site .
truth: return the protocol and host of the configured ckan . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a set of packages packages within a venv path .
truth: returns the packages installed in the virtual environment using the package index file . 
test:  read   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function is empty and generates empty trash .
truth: empty trash folder . 
test:  null   command
truth:  empty   trash

test:  a wrapper for the functions that returns a deferred .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  func   func

test:  test after functionality .
truth: tests that target hash changes when suggestion is modified . 
test:  connect   instances
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a dictionary .
truth: convert python value to ovs-vsctl value argument . 
test:  like   function
truth:  convert   python

test:  deletes a new document .
truth: delete a resource . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  parse markup .
truth: create a doc with given content and parse given markup . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively recursive dir trees in files .
truth: recursively walk path directories and return files matching the pattern . 
test:  find   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test calc_footprint with corner of the pixel . 
test:  logarithmic   test
truth:  calc_footprint   test

test:  returns the harmonic mean of the given list of values .
truth: returns the degree of asymmetry of the given list of values: > 0 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the completions .
truth: update an already existing completion . 
test:  update   app
truth:  update   update

test:  expand a attribute dictionary into a flattened instance .
truth: fixes metadata of an attribute . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  fixes   metadata

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by geometryoutput . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  destroy the worker or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a worker . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  utility function to parse a vhost .
truth: input is in combined log format plus musec . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  is   input

test:  generate an image to orm backend .
truth: construct and return a backend instance of the appropriate type based on the arguments given . 
test:  form   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  return a list of files names to all the files in a directory .
truth: by default . 
test:  returns   directories
truth:  default   default

test:  creates random variable text .
truth: outputs the first variable passed that is not false . 
test:  lists   a
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  removes the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  converts a mac address in graph6 format into its textual form .
truth: compute the interface id in modified eui-64 format associated to the ethernet address provided as input . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a dict of : mappings and episode .
truth: reverse of find_xem_numbering: lookup a tvdb season and episode using scene numbering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  import a file from an object to a module .
truth: import content from fpath and puts it into a python module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  content   content

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: tax add . 
test:  edit   add
truth:  add   add

test:  define java_library target .
truth: define java_fat_library target . 
test:  define   target
truth:  define   null

test:  verify that attribute this is errors correctly will be automatically as errors .
truth: capture exceptions thrown by user objects on attribute access . 
test:  is   test
truth:  capture   exceptions

test:  registers the given output to be a file for the specified output .
truth: registers an output converter to the list of global output converters . 
test:  register   a
truth:  registers   null

test:  release an interface to the device .
truth: explicitly release an interface . 
test:  release   claim
truth:  release   release

test:  ensure that a stonith stonith is present on the cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional state .
truth: ensure that a fencing resource is created should be run on one cluster node only can only be run on a node with a functional pacemaker/corosync name irrelevant . 
test:  if   find
truth:  ensure   null

test:  displays all registered child actions .
truth: render all registered child actions . 
test:  render   null
truth:  render   render

test:  start a server .
truth: start the server(s) . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns true if the first kind is a matrix parameters a : float32 or false .
truth: checks whether matrix is hermitian examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  verifying the output with expected results for log correction with log equal to unity .
truth: verifying the output with expected results for logarithmic correction with multiplier constant multiplier equal to unity . 
test:  verifying   null
truth:  verifying   null

test:  test optionerror(s) raised by screenshot .
truth: test actionerror(s) raised by screenshot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  sign data with a digest .
truth: sign data with a digest . 
test:  sign   data
truth:  sign   data

test:  enable the rdp service to disabled and make this return a list of modules .
truth: disable the rdp service . 
test:  enable   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  decorator that ensures a transaction is consumed in a datastore .
truth: the async version of @ndb . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   async

test:  expected inclusion_one_default_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_two_params_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  make sure that whitespace is as expected .
truth: readers that dont strip whitespace from data should still treat lines with leading whitespace and then the comment char as comment lines . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   readers

test:  this function does nothing .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  null   url
truth:  do   nothing

test:  serializes and encodes to json .
truth: pickle a value . 
test:  serializes   function
truth:  pickle   a

test:  merge list of dicts .
truth: shallow copy and merge dicts together . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  copy   copy

test:  checks if the item passed in is a json-p object .
truth: check if a material theme resource . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  determine if the comment elements - we use the comment account .
truth: return true if there are i18n comments or function calls in the line . 
test:  find   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the message to the log file .
truth: adds message to the logs buffer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  adds   message

test:  return the list of controls to use for the managed function .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  function   function

test:  replace both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a simplefilter .
truth: accept both booleans and clifilters as input and turn it into a clifilter . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check if a keyspace exists in influxdb and all influxdb cluster cluster cluster .
truth: check if a keyspace exists in a cassandra cluster . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return a generator which yields pairs of given function .
truth: reduces a key-values pair by applying aggregation_fn to the values . 
test:  go   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  simple example of the repository .
truth: test for the reportlab distribution with modified options . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of partitions to represent the partition .
truth: partition sequence into count subsequences of size length . 
test:  p   array
truth:  null   sequence

test:  define new built-ins quit and exit .
truth: define new builtins quit and exit . 
test:  define   new
truth:  define   new

test:  returns the path to the current operating system if that should be available .
truth: return the path to the closest scrapy . 
test:  walk   sys
truth:  return   return

test:  inspect the user for the daemon .
truth: print a message about internal inspect errors . 
test:  error   error
truth:  print   a

test:  return a color name .
truth: return color name depending on value type . 
test:  get   method
truth:  color   color

test:  renders links to the given event .
truth: handle discovery link events to update the spanning tree . 
test:  iterates   remove
truth:  handle   discovery

test:  test unique join .
truth: test join with the unique flag set to true . 
test:  collecting   test
truth:  join   join

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the glib mainloop . 
test:  install   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  launch a system for system .
truth: system information type 10 section 9 . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   information

test:  reorders the logger for all of a logger .
truth: closes the logger handler for the file . 
test:  close   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  return a dict of links to c{false} links .
truth: reterns the meta links for a paginated query . 
test:  return   new
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the mysql is running .
truth: check that mysql is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for a task-executing unit test .
truth: decorator for asserting cache writes in an integration test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure we can compile functions with a regular expression .
truth: ensure we get compile error in tricky cases . 
test:  ensure   compile
truth:  ensure   null

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  this is a helper function for t-test .
truth: d^n / dx^n . 
test:  find   return
truth:  null   null

test:  compute __prepare__ .
truth: compute scale factors for a unified plot . 
test:  compute   return
truth:  scale   scale

test:  helper method to find the git checkout .
truth: based on whether global or local config is desired . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  based   null

test:  plot the day of a given oclh .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plotting
truth:  plots   day

test:  repl repl log .
truth: solves any kind of partial differential equation . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  solves   null

test:  refine the detector refine between two systems .
truth: return the properly formatted ssh value for the authorized encryption key type . 
test:  sanger   validation
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for rruleset methods which receive a method with a set of .
truth: cache the result of a method on a per instance basis . 
test:  null   a
truth:  cache   cache

test:  returns true if there are no server and port .
truth: return an unstarted https server and the port it will use . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the value of constraints is supported by the given model .
truth: make sure model constraints are supported by the current fitter . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  make   null

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the cascade float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path is an html file .
truth: return true if the given file path is an html file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the access key for this request .
truth: return access_key of your app . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  docstring for stub stub .
truth: main loop . 
test:  send   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  make the api request with the given retries .
truth: send an http request via the given http . 
test:  make   retry
truth:  send   send

test:  perform stringprep on all jid fragments .
truth: perform stringprep on all jid fragments . 
test:  perform   stringprep
truth:  perform   stringprep

test:  returns a template with a filter .
truth: require a file whose contents is defined by a template . 
test:  context   null
truth:  require   a

test:  computes the relative inverse of the previous relative to the previous count of a very relative time .
truth: computes zero crossing rate of frame . 
test:  computes   sphere
truth:  computes   null

test:  downgrade assets db .
truth: downgrade assets db by adding a not null constraint on equities . 
test:  add   a
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  list all nictag missing on the system nictag : string name of nictag cli example: .
truth: check if nictags exists nictag : string one or more nictags to check verbose : boolean return list of nictags cli example: . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  divide all coefficients in k[x] .
truth: evaluate efficiently the composition f in k[x] . 
test:  leading   return
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  mostly all .
truth: combine profiles . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  combine   profiles

test:  convert a fully path to a relative path .
truth: make a filename relative . 
test:  mock   a
truth:  make   a

test:  update available locales cli example: .
truth: update the eix database cli example: . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  embedded task to truncate the output of the database .
truth: main program . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   program

test:  return the chvatal graph .
truth: return the platonic icosahedral graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parses a query string into a dict .
truth: parse the values in query_kwargs from strings to the proper types listed in the same key in settings . 
test:  parse   search
truth:  parse   parse

test:  truncate by year .
truth: truncate by years . 
test:  truncate   truncate
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  the effect of this plugin .
truth: the effect of the plugin . 
test:  null   effect
truth:  null   effect

test:  returns whether or not an object is a descriptor descriptor .
truth: returns true if obj is a descriptor . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of email entities for the given user .
truth: get a splunk user by name/email cli example: salt myminion splunk . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  opencl get_work_dim() .
truth: opencl get_num_groups() . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iterate over a class as test suite .
truth: create a mountpoint root directory and unmount any filesystems with mount points beneath that directory when the test exits . 
test:  setup   run
truth:  create   a

test:  return imports .
truth: a shortcut for getting the importinfos used in a scope . 
test:  module   import
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  creates a client for working with cloud monitoring .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud monitoring . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute a diagonal array of elements in a courses matrix .
truth: return a sparse matrix for the 2d poisson problem with standard 5-point finite difference stencil on a square n-by-n grid . 
test:  to   network
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve partitions on a list of partitions .
truth: specify disjoint subsets based on connectivity . 
test:  evaluate   attempts
truth:  specify   disjoint

test:  create an ]]] object by name .
truth: retrieves a token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  test updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test creating a working copy when target already exists and updating was not requested . 
test:  updating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  perform a single volume bindings .
truth: return a list of volume bindings for a container . 
test:  merge   replace
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a group types .
truth: creates group types . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   group

test:  read epochs as epochs .
truth: reader function for kit epochs files . 
test:  function   read
truth:  function   function

test:  adds a send send exploration report for the specified task .
truth: adds a send flagged exploration email task into taskqueue . 
test:  adds   function
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a matrix of k where k is 0 and smallest .
truth: compute the differences for the romberg quadrature corrections . 
test:  null   vector
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a process in a context manager for the given cluster .
truth: start worker in separate process . 
test:  start   manager
truth:  start   worker

test:  return the name of a file .
truth: return the file extension . 
test:  extract   factory
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of tags for a specific image .
truth: get a list of tags for a specific image . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  raises a regextokenizer that returns the structure for a given structure .
truth: verify that the parameters represent a valid array within the bounds of the allocated memory: char *mem: start of the physical memory block memlen: length of the physical memory block offset: buf - mem . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  check two lists of seqrecords features .
truth: check two lists of seqfeatures agree . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if value is a string with a code .
truth: validate that given value is not a falsey value . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  validate   validate

test:  tell whether a host is not a valid remote string .
truth: strips out default values for the given host string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return a locale for the default locale .
truth: the default :term:locale negotiator . 
test:  return   null
truth:  default   default

test:  verify if cflags variable contains a value in make .
truth: verify if cflags variable contains a value in make . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  view for another product .
truth: the product picker page . 
test:  null   list
truth:  null   product

test:  forceably terminate all the them in the specified exception .
truth: forceably terminate all the greenlets by causing them to raise exception . 
test:  terminate   null
truth:  terminate   null

test:  return a list of minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scales all images by flavors .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  called   remove
truth:  given   a

test:  walk a directory tree .
truth: a nice interface to os . 
test:  walk   tree
truth:  null   a

test:  find an entire block of top deletion .
truth: returns an iterator over all ancestors of the given block . 
test:  block   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  build and return a path to target .
truth: build and return a path to target . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  factory function that wraps a home page .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  function   wrap
truth:  function   function

test:  a wsgi application .
truth: return a tuple in the form of the application output . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the default fetch deadline deadline if the thread was last modified .
truth: get the default value for create_rpc()s deadline parameter . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a string representing the version or an empty version .
truth: get the kapacitor version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator that skips a function requires alpn to be run .
truth: wraps any function that requires alpn support in openssl . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion .
truth: convert a version string to a chronologically-sortable key this is a rough cross between distutils strictversion and looseversion; if you give it versions that would work with strictversion . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the current offset .
truth: retrieve the current time . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  p: p: object parameters obj : pandas .
truth: utility frequency conversion method for series/dataframe . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  null   frequency

test:  returns a password digest for a given username .
truth: construct the appropriate hashcode needed for http digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  connect to amazon machine specified by the given host .
truth: connect to a walrus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  send database .
truth: send create database . 
test:  create   connect
truth:  create   create

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for messages . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  delete a namespace or raise if namespace or namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete a namespace object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a list of ip addresses for the specified user .
truth: get a list of volumes to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   list
truth:  get   a

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to archive the episode on first match . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this is called only time the server stops before a server is called only time the server goes down .
truth: this is called only when server starts back up after a reload . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  find one or more vms search : string filter vms .
truth: return information for vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   information

test:  copy a file or a directory .
truth: copy a file or a directory . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  change your default terminal to use .
truth: check if the blk exists and return its fstype if ok . 
test:  retrieves   start
truth:  if   check

test:  return the result suite from the tag dictionary .
truth: gets the results for a test . 
test:  get   function
truth:  gets   null

test:  checkout checkout .
truth: return a bool . 
test:  set   guess
truth:  return   a

test:  get the top of the paths .
truth: get the top of the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  list profiles for profiles .
truth: list all available profiles default_only : boolean return only default profile cli example: . 
test:  traverses   utility
truth:  list   list

test:  list all installed extensions cli example: .
truth: list installed postgresql extensions cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  installed   list

test:  returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " .
truth: returns a list of all python modules and subpackages in the same location as filename w/o their " . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a set of all functional strings .
truth: builds set of message type names . 
test:  null   function
truth:  set   set

test:  encode a string using base64 .
truth: this function is useful to convert a string to a valid id to be used in es . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  function   function

test:  use docker ipluginobserver if available .
truth: prefix to issue a docker command . 
test:  null   run
truth:  to   prefix

test:  return the current request instance .
truth: this function is called by configure for setting current gps location in global variables info: the on_location and on_status callables might be called from another thread than the thread used for creating the gps object . 
test:  get   null
truth:  function   function

test:  converts an integer to a protocol string .
truth: wrap an endpoint which upgrades to tls as soon as the connection is established . 
test:  is   a
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  convert a list object to a native structure .
truth: convert list *obj* to a native list . 
test:  find   a
truth:  list   list

test:  argumentparser argumentparser for a series of linear meg volume meg series parameters meg : int .
truth: lead field dot products using legendre polynomial series . 
test:  null   values
truth:  null   field

test:  single view .
truth: module view . 
test:  null   transaction
truth:  view   view

test:  run a python function inside a few file .
truth: simple command line usage should work . 
test:  null   new
truth:  command   command

test:  handle 500 .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform unitary .
truth: n-dimensional real unitary fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   real

test:  convert a polynomial to an integer .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to z[x] . 
test:  convert   connect
truth:  convert   a

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  returns the identified identified by an event on a given object or raise if no event is found .
truth: returns an object belonging to an event . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  quotas the linear zero vector .
truth: apply zca whitening on an image by given principal components matrix . 
test:  is   strips
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check the line field for the curve .
truth: line_integrate compute the line integral . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a regular expression string with all matches the string .
truth: search through string looking for a match to the pattern . 
test:  return   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns an array of standard normal form .
truth: trims the data by masking values from one tail . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  trims   null

test:  returns the set of alternates for the given set of states .
truth: find_states -> list of . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: update a floating ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  computes the squared likelihood likelihood .
truth: computes the capped binomial deviance . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  converts a hash value to a string .
truth: gnu_hash -> int function used to generated gnu-style hashes for strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  outputs a template tag for the current context .
truth: display the date . 
test:  output   a
truth:  display   display

test:  write a string table to a fif table .
truth: write the string table xml . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  change the urls according to the current urls .
truth: return the raw http representation of the given request . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks a function that returns a geometry .
truth: checks a function that returns a geometry . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  this is a actual compilable function to be uploaded with a cases .
truth: write image data to tiff file . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  write   image

test:  connect to the required connection with the given private key .
truth: instantiate ldap connection class and return an ldap connection object . 
test:  return   collections
truth:  instantiate   ldap

test:  return a new rc2 cipher .
truth: return a cipher object pkcs1oaep_cipher that can be used to perform pkcs#1 oaep encryption or decryption . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  simple_stmt : list < field_type > .
truth: const_list : [ const_list_seq ] . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  clears all dag dag for the perf - remove all built-in dag .
truth: remove any existing task instances for the perf test dags . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if *obj* is a class .
truth: get arguments from object doc . 
test:  null   check
truth:  get   arguments

test:  ensure a numpy type of bytes .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  null   text
truth:  if   null

test:  return a tuple of strings .
truth: walk tree to get list of branches parameters tree : list of tuples tree as defined for ru2nmnl returns branch : list list of all branch names . 
test:  split   convert
truth:  walk   tree

test:  copy files or append a generator for files .
truth: turn any uploads in the submitted form to persisted files . 
test:  bound   module
truth:  turn   null

test:  return the user .
truth: returns the effective username of the current process . 
test:  return   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package with a which performs a shared package .
truth: test installing package from pypi which contains dev in name . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  retrieves all the indexes indexes and their states .
truth: asynchronously retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make sure the test case is changed .
truth: test actual application module . 
test:  run   show
truth:  test   test

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of bits that match the given vector .
truth: return a list with $bits items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  internal utility method for creating a compiler .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  creates   server
truth:  returns   a

test:  refresh the state of the inventory .
truth: refreshes the cached inventory . 
test:  refresh   data
truth:  null   null

test:  download an image file .
truth: download api data for a tile to a named file . 
test:  download   disk
truth:  download   api

test:  returns the path to the finder .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  to   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  return a users activity stream .
truth: return a packages activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the mnist .
truth: tests mnist . 
test:  backend   test
truth:  tests   mnist

test:  restful crud controller - needed for options .
truth: person rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   rest

test:  a wrapper for unicodise .
truth: convert string to unicode according to current encoding and replace all invalid characters with ? . 
test:  obj   html
truth:  string   string

test:  get a block device mapping for the given image id .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  find   a
truth:  block   block

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  send compute .
truth: send compute . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  marks a function or method as a decorate .
truth: add logging to a function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  logging   logging

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: ensure that the service is enabled on boot . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  generate a utc date for the given year .
truth: constuct an object holding a date value . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  find a request which can be used to get a new value from the request to send to the request .
truth: parse a response packet . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  parse   a

test:  transform a list of issues into a dictionary of issues .
truth: convert a list of issues to a dict . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get current context for a given context .
truth: return the current context . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  multiply the multiply the expression tree by a vector .
truth: applies the absolute value of the linear operator to the arguments . 
test:  multiply   multiply
truth:  applies   null

test:  iterate through all example filenames and return a list of filenames that match the given example .
truth: yield elements for all examples . 
test:  get   a
truth:  yield   elements

test:  do a collection of performing a collection of arguments .
truth: pytest hook . 
test:  include   series
truth:  hook   hook

test:  function enforces non-null value for keypairs .
truth: function adds key_pairs type field . 
test:  call   create
truth:  adds   function

test:  decorator to make a function automatically get its values from a valid document .
truth: make new_fn have old_fns doc string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   null

test:  splituser --> user[:passwd] .
truth: splituser --> user[:passwd] . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  initialize the json state output .
truth: configures logging for json . 
test:  configures   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  send a soft to the named vm cli example: .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  send   a

test:  solves the equation diophantine equations .
truth: solves the general pythagorean equation . 
test:  is   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  save original list of modules from current desktop .
truth: sync desktop icons from app . 
test:  return   sync
truth:  sync   desktop

test:  extract a skeleton matrix of a file .
truth: extract a patch of texture #textid of brodatz dataset . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  returns an entry for the message .
truth: default url shortener backend for zinnia . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  only load if the postgres module is available .
truth: only load if the desired provider module is present and gitfs is enabled properly in the master config file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run xlsxwriter on the salt network device .
truth: run xlsxwriter in optimised/constant memory mode . 
test:  run   worksheet
truth:  run   run

test:  converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error .
truth: converts an ipv6 address in printable representation to rfc 1924 compact representation ;-) returns none on error . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns a string .
truth: convert into a unicode string . 
test:  text   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return path to executable .
truth: prefix command with current binary path . 
test:  return   commands
truth:  command   command

test:  running "harvest" with verbosity .
truth: running "harvest" with --apps=one_app . 
test:  running   null
truth:  running   running

test:  check for the service tags .
truth: check that a service tag isnt in the module path a service tag should only be added if the service name isnt already in the module path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return the click-through cost for a b^k .
truth: return the cost-per-mille given ad spend and impressions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the list of hosts for a cluster .
truth: return a dictionary mapping :class:tree instances to their depth . 
test:  make   cluster
truth:  return   a

test:  return name of array with indices in each string of indices .
truth: return a sequence of strings naming the element of the tallyable object . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   a

test:  displays the plots accuracy for the observation .
truth: load the results from filename . 
test:  test   test
truth:  load   load

test:  this is a helper function for testing the entire language setting .
truth: try to figure out what language to display the interface in . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   try

test:  replaces a python source code .
truth: compiles a replacement template group reference . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  register   register

test:  determine if the point is in the filled region of the loops .
truth: determine if the left point is in the filled region of the loops . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  check two lists of strings .
truth: return true if tuples of multimolecules are equal . 
test:  check   permissions
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of disks .
truth: wipe all of the drives in disk_list using the wipe functionality in the filesystem class . 
test:  translate   policy
truth:  wipe   wipe

test:  return a locale we support .
truth: return a locale we support . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a new .
truth: create files in a directory to mimic a repository of packages . 
test:  create   null
truth:  files   files

test:  get the first word of a line .
truth: get vertex given stl vertex line . 
test:  get   display
truth:  get   vertex

test:  returns a list of tuples .
truth: requeue failed jobs . 
test:  place   null
truth:  failed   null

test:  returns a margin for requested image and geometry .
truth: returns the calculated margin for an image and geometry . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes a single plugin from the device .
truth: removes a plugin from the filesystem . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  its possible to work with the textual textual operator .
truth: change a terms operator to some canonical form . 
test:  normalizes   normalize
truth:  change   a

test:  get array shape where each element gets the index of the shape of the input array is submitted returns a numpy array with the index array .
truth: get a test array of given shape and data type . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the number of users that are following the given dataset .
truth: return the number of followers of a dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness .
truth: synthesize a nonce value which resists spoofing and can be checked for staleness . 
test:  synthesize   a
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  single setup for the package: .
truth: close the connection when we finish everything . 
test:  show   stop
truth:  close   close

test:  delete a policy .
truth: delete a policy . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  function to check a sample id for the three lower value .
truth: parses the lines of a sample id map file into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  gets an item by name .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an item from the plugins . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  send an email to a warning .
truth: send request email after new record created . 
test:  to   download
truth:  request   request

test:  determine the gradient of the scalar scalar for each frame in a new set of minutes .
truth: returns the vector gradient of a scalar field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join path elements with the directory separator . 
test:  join   null
truth:  join   path

test:  test simple example of source files .
truth: test source_date_epoch support for ps output . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   source_date_epoch

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: takes a picture and returns a path via json used as ajax callback for taking a picture . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  takes   a

test:  extract the query_string from http header value .
truth: extract links from http response headers which have the header value set to a link . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   links

test:  print a list of message -> limits .
truth: pprint an iterable . 
test:  print   print
truth:  null   pprint

test:  display a skeiniso gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window given the text . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  load the specified ip addresses .
truth: load the ip queue with all ip address from a given cidr . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   load

test:  removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output .
truth: removes a space separated list of [x]html tags from the output . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  get a connection to the mysql server .
truth: return a sqlite3 database connection . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  fetches the fetch of the git repository that we currently currently configured .
truth: make sure that the git repository contains a remote called "edx" that has two fetch urls; one for the main codebase . 
test:  update   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check if we are using the device .
truth: unpair the bluetooth adapter from a device cli example: . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the current thread name .
truth: sets the name a of thread . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test that samphub works correctly after a trivial gui .
truth: this is the entry point for the test . 
test:  null   test
truth:  is   null

test:  import content from file with given name .
truth: import content from fpath and return a hy ast . 
test:  file   a
truth:  content   content

test:  regression test for url .
truth: we need to support relations in ask for this to work . 
test:  null   null
truth:  need   need

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot .
truth: ensure that the service is disabled on boot . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: creates an instance of the target class from the string contents . 
test:  works   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  morerules : morerules expr | expr le expr le expr | expr le expr | expr le expr | expr stmt | expr ne expr | expr le expr |
truth: morerules : morerules | rulelist | | rulelist . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  unload ipython extension .
truth: unload the ipython extension . 
test:  null   i
truth:  unload   unload

test:  return the number of security group in a group .
truth: count rules in a given security group . 
test:  null   number
truth:  rules   rules

test:  plot influence of a stored plot .
truth: plot influence of model complexity on both accuracy and latency . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   influence

test:  write a file to the appropriate binary .
truth: write random data across the tunnel with a write function . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test fit a bound error with bound constraints .
truth: regression test for url checks that bounds constraints are obeyed on a custom model that does not define fit_deriv . 
test:  test   support
truth:  test   test

test:  list all the necessary k .
truth: set up argument handling and callback routing . 
test:  see   parse
truth:  set   up

test:  return a list of the number of exactly are present in the accompanying .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree .
truth: setup testenvironment for the module: - adds dummy home dir tree . 
test:  test   testenvironment
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  find in a findloadednames object in a findloadednames fashion .
truth: find all loaded names in a code object and all its consts of code type . 
test:  return   in
truth:  find   find

test:  performs a random image with the given axis .
truth: performs a random spatial shear of a numpy image tensor . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  performs   a

test:  parses a mime-type into its parameters .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  run the sync process .
truth: run a synchronous query with paged results . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  add volumes to the database .
truth: add source volume id column to volumes . 
test:  add   migrate
truth:  source   source

test:  yaml: system-groovy enable a chain for the build .
truth: yaml: builds-chain-fingerprinter builds chain fingerprinter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  atom : tuple .
truth: atom : lpar testlist rpar . 
test:  atom   -
truth:  atom   atom

test:  function to return the series of paragraphs .
truth: returns a list of paragraphs as returned by paragraph() . 
test:  counts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the redirect language .
truth: returns if you should redirect on language fallback . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  recursively resolves the given object .
truth: resolve an object . 
test:  elementwise   resolves
truth:  resolve   null

test:  persist a user id and a backend if the request is to .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  list all incron for this project .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  create a cloudpipe .
truth: create a cloudpipe instance for the given project . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make a test filename for a test file .
truth: make a new filename by inserting purpose before the files extension . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns all corpus .
truth: return the highest feature id that appears in the corpus . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a new dtmf on a 3d user .
truth: convert a patch to a patch3d object . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse the config file .
truth: parse a logadm configuration file . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers .
truth: returns a decorator that logs timing events or errors for public methods in swifts wsgi server controllers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate an md5 hash for a given object .
truth: get md5 hash of bytes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   md5

test:  register all built-in items in the rel="download" .
truth: receive messages with poll and timeout . 
test:  -   changes
truth:  receive   messages

test:  this function is taken when the ang should only be done .
truth: given a synapse and a list of synapses . 
test:  if   function
truth:  given   a

test:  check that config is available .
truth: set the minimum size for memmaping of arrays for parallel processing . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  http receipt .
truth: decode and verify that the receipt is sound from a crypto point of view . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a classmethod for private tool shed by filling out at least one parameter .
truth: generates a classmethod for a class from a template by filling out some arguments . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  raises bag if all tests are not .
truth: trigger a start of the full bcache system through udev . 
test:  open   start
truth:  trigger   a

test:  clip a value that is an array of char .
truth: helper to turn val into array and clip between 0 and 1 . 
test:  transforms   val
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the type of a given type .
truth: returns the type associated with handling xml objects from this etree interface . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks that the current messages need to be logged in the modules .
truth: decorator to store messages that are handled by a checker method . 
test:  null   checking
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the amount of indentation .
truth: return the amount of indentation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  displays timeline .
truth: display users recent tweets . 
test:  -   view
truth:  display   users

test:  parse the address to show the given ip address .
truth: check if the ip address is valid return either true or false . 
test:  if   server
truth:  if   check

test:  match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary .
truth: match an ldap query to an attribute dictionary . 
test:  match   match
truth:  match   match

test:  registers a function to create a new python type .
truth: register function prototypes with a libclang library instance . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  function   function

test:  calculates the value of the jacobi symbol where both a and a1 are positive integers .
truth: jacobi symbol . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  null   symbol

test:  retrieve type method object from method .
truth: get remote method info object from remote method . 
test:  get   get
truth:  remote   remote

test:  the most likely to the basic view for a coroutine .
truth: the most basic happy-path test for hug apis using async . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fetches all emails belonging to a given user .
truth: alternate version of get_subscriber_emails that takes a stream object only . 
test:  outputs   a
truth:  null   version

test:  parse a string like <ctrl-x> or utf-8 format .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a new heatmap .
truth: create a histogram chart with one or more histograms . 
test:  is   data
truth:  create   a

test:  replace all line-ending characters with .
truth: replace all line-ending characters with rn . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object .
truth: converts a timezone string to a pytz timezone object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the uniquely function of one variable .
truth: given a function of one-variable and a possible bracketing interval . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  validate that the settings processors to the django settings are in the django context .
truth: check project settings file for required options . 
test:  null   check
truth:  project   project

test:  get default context as a dict() .
truth: returns default context for all views as dict() . 
test:  default   default
truth:  default   default

test:  writes the data to a response .
truth: download -> httpresponse retrieve the query result in the format specified . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   download

test:  return a predictable string with the major version .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard version string . 
test:  search   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  parse kinds list and other size .
truth: parses kind|size list and returns template parameters . 
test:  parses   attempt
truth:  parses   parses

test:  perform multiple patches in a single call .
truth: perform multiple patches in a single call . 
test:  perform   multiple
truth:  perform   multiple

test:  returns a sizer for a message field .
truth: returns a sizer for a string field . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the mac address as appropriate for os/2 .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for macintosh systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  creates a dictionary object from dictionary and returns it as values .
truth: creates a storage object from dictionary mapping . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the cut size of the graph g .
truth: returns the size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  globally the jinja environment .
truth: get the jinja2 env and initialize it if necessary . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return the config file name .
truth: returns the file name for a given kind of config file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  cast to ram .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  to   obj
truth:  null   helper

test:  try to parse a string to a lookup .
truth: try to get a string from the lookup table . 
test:  apply   try
truth:  to   try

test:  format a list of message sizes .
truth: recursively takes a self-nested list and returns an html unordered list -- without opening and closing <ul> tags . 
test:  returns   maps
truth:  takes   null

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available or not .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns a string made up of text .
truth: returns all the text in text annotations as a single string . 
test:  text   text
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a querystring for a given routes .
truth: return an ec2 connection . 
test:  null   api
truth:  return   return

test:  extract data from a timeseries of subrois names .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid if .
truth: make sure ast cant compile invalid if* . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  make a defaultdict between two chinese .
truth: return a list of unique strings . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: remove a user from an organization . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the index of the individual with the least the private key .
truth: return the hypervolume of a *front* . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  normalizes a string of a specific number .
truth: insert the number into the string . 
test:  returns   application
truth:  insert   insert

test:  set a user .
truth: a view that disables or re-enables notifications for a user who may not be authenticated this view is meant to be the target of an unsubscribe link . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check that the __init__ version is reporting .
truth: guesses the location of the tftpboot directory . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  guesses   guesses

test:  test filtfilt with and first .
truth: test sos filtfilt replacement . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure that the transformation passed to the right hand image is borrowed when theres no bars between 0 and the right enables .
truth: check that a unitsphericalrepresentation coordinate round-trips for the cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  parsing   test
truth:  check   check

test:  copied from url .
truth: validates ipv6 addresses . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  validates   ipv6

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   null
truth:  see   null

test:  eat return the signature name .
truth: given an arbitrary . 
test:  null   return
truth:  given   null

test:  given a square-free square-free object .
truth: sort a list of pairs . 
test:  loading   a
truth:  sort   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by copying all of the key:value pairs from the originating volume . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert character characters to native python objects .
truth: escapes characters . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  escapes   characters

test:  given a hex-encoded object .
truth: use vmwares filemanager api to fetch a file over http . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  use   use

test:  set up a type_model .
truth: see :meth:@celery . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  see   null

test:  :func:dmp_eval_tail denominators .
truth: clear denominators . 
test:  clear   denominators
truth:  clear   denominators

test:  create a log folder for tests .
truth: create a log folder for test logs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  assign a certificate to the given store name the certificate to remove the certificate to the certificate to the given certificate store all the certificate store .
truth: remove a certificate in the given store name the certificate to remove . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  add method to an instance of documents .
truth: add permalink methods to object . 
test:  null   add
truth:  add   add

test:  require a evil_member language .
truth: require the afrikaans language . 
test:  require   fixture
truth:  require   null

test:  apply the imap4 legendre polynomial to a eliminating eliminating .
truth: integration over multiple variables . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  null   integration

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  execute   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  insert a point into a path .
truth: insert a point into a path . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  insert   a

test:  return ccpr results for a matrix .
truth: plot ccpr against one regressor . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   ccpr

test:  adds a new url to the current http script .
truth: add nzb based on a url . 
test:  null   function
truth:  add   nzb

test:  test url .
truth: helper to test url retrieval . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  to   helper

test:  helper method for _to_base_type() to ensure that the schemas schema is sane .
truth: import meta-data schemas from json to database if not already loaded . 
test:  ensure   function
truth:  import   import

test:  generate a grid integer .
truth: generates a dataset containing a regular grid of points . 
test:  generates   compare
truth:  generates   a

test:  accepts a mime mime header containing filename=" .
truth: accepts a mime header containing filename=" . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return processes information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   acpi_tables
truth:  processes   processes

test:  finds the desired database file .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  find   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check if a certificate is passing .
truth: given the status of a certificate . 
test:  check   return
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if the address is an address .
truth: return appropriate record type for an address . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test that a stack has been correctly .
truth: tests a stack which is mixed w/ interpreted and non-interpreted frames because f() has a loop in it . 
test:  null   test
truth:  tests   a

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  a list of tasks .
truth: a list of tasks assigned to current user . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  list   list

test:  list all the directories under the given environment .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  ensures that the model is set as a set of models .
truth: ensure set_model actually sets the model and expands all categories . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the entropy of a set of numbers .
truth: returns the shannon entropy for the given list of probabilities as a value between 0 . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that the title given by the title .
truth: omit projects that have certain words in the title . 
test:  null   check
truth:  projects   projects

test:  get all volumes inside the criteria .
truth: query for all image volume cache entry for a host . 
test:  get   tag
truth:  query   query

test:  helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e .
truth: helper to format the platform string in a filename compatible format e . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generate one cell .
truth: generate a new random integer id from range **[0 . 
test:  fake   dask
truth:  generate   a

test:  assert that the frequency predict function outputs a fixed pipeline .
truth: assert that the tpot predict function returns a numpy matrix of shape . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  get the description for the description .
truth: get the description for fill . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  split a list into a list of sub lists .
truth: take a token . 
test:  split   a
truth:  take   a

test:  returns a list of the ntp peers that were on the device .
truth: returns a list the ntp peers configured on the network device . 
test:  read   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns list with bounds separated by a given list of bounds .
truth: convert sequence of numbers into pairs of low-high pairs . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  convert   sequence

test:  read bti matrix from bti file .
truth: read 64bit float matrix transform from bti file . 
test:  read   32bit
truth:  read   64bit

test:  view a draft to prereg a campaign .
truth: landing page for the prereg challenge . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  landing   page

test:  write a string to text .
truth: given a multi-line string . 
test:  text   function
truth:  given   a

test:  parse headers for commands to be used by the accept-reject fragment .
truth: parse the netntlm server challenge url . 
test:  parse   check
truth:  parse   parse

test:  save list of results to a file .
truth: given a vector of predictions . 
test:  write   null
truth:  given   a

test:  html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually .
truth: html-escape a string or object this converts any non-string objects passed into it to strings (actually . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a new stream_name based on a watch call .
truth: execute a etcd function based on a watch call requisite . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  list containers .
truth: returns a list of containers by name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a datastore key for a datastore key .
truth: return a nicely formatted decomposition of a datastore key . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the maximum likelihood estimator for a deviation of a variance or determinant of a variance variance parameters effect_size : float returns the residual corresponding to the borders .
truth: constructs a dvoretzky-kiefer-wolfowitz confidence band for the ecdf . 
test:  null   translate
truth:  constructs   a

test:  parses a hex escape sequence .
truth: parses a hex escape sequence . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  convert strings to strings .
truth: convert enbedded bytes to strings if possible . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  execute a blend crossover with the given individuals .
truth: executes a one point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  swaps   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  this method will this method args: shoppingcart : the order model returns: dict: enrollment set cart : the users amount .
truth: create an order and trigger checkout using shoppingcart . 
test:  to   null
truth:  create   create

test:  build a reverse domain name for the given address .
truth: return a reverse domain name for the given ipv4 address . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure that the model with a complicated extension .
truth: test that the base class model passes tests when given a list of modelextension instances . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get footer email as a footer .
truth: append a footer . 
test:  get   a
truth:  append   a

test:  return a random integer name for a given domain name .
truth: lookup a name for the given ordinal if its in our database . 
test:  given   get
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the the the standard deviation of the positive data .
truth: calculates the signal-to-noise ratio . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the 3-regular graph .
truth: return the house graph with a cross inside the house square . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  write the pid in the named pid file .
truth: write our pid to a pidfile . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  determine if the node is next to the yaml: text .
truth: return true if node is the root of a text phrase . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  long line candle .
truth: shooting star . 
test:  short   line
truth:  null   star

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to master branch . 
test:  file   frappe
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  retrieve spider loader for the provided settings .
truth: get spiderloader instance from settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  temporarily clear a single config object .
truth: context manager for temporarily changing a config value . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file .
truth: builds and returns a wsgi app from a paste config file . 
test:  builds   attempt
truth:  builds   null

test:  creates a budget and returns its budgetid .
truth: creates an explicit budget to be used only to create the campaign . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  like function variable decodes and decodes a new base64 encoded integer .
truth: encode a signed integer as a zigzag encoded signed integer . 
test:  put   convert
truth:  encode   a

test:  returns a dict of all the metadata for the specified document .
truth: check for get_metadata get: page . 
test:  checks   keys
truth:  check   check

test:  validates a string for indexing .
truth: function to check whether a source string is a valid source or not . 
test:  source   source
truth:  to   function

test:  given the oid and a new between the oid .
truth: takes a set of unicode string oids and converts vendor-specific oids into generics oids from rfcs . 
test:  copies   change
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns an ordereddict that is a dict of subsection-headers and migrating structure for each subsection .
truth: this returns a dictionary with keys necessary for quickly grading a student . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a: a 4d theano tensor returns the jth product of the second kind .
truth: return product of elements of a . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  return   product

test:  uploads a blob from google cloud storage bucket .
truth: uploads a file to a google cloud storage bucket using a custom encryption key . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  recursively ensure the source and source to the source code .
truth: ensure we have a source space . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  a pipe segment for a pipe .
truth: return a segment of a horizontal line with optional colons which indicate columns alignment . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   a

test:  show a single progress information on the process .
truth: execute a process on the device . 
test:  function   function
truth:  execute   a

test:  helper function for executing a single batch-command code with the given official .
truth: helper function for executing a single batch-code entry . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for the cache-control mainloop .
truth: launch the telnet server with a default python shell personality note that this is dangerous! . 
test:  launch   method
truth:  launch   launch

test:  try to add an propstat or the path for the collection .
truth: read and answer proppatch requests . 
test:  read   new
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a polynomial quotient in k[x_0 .
truth: implements bisection . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  implements   implements

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier specifier_qualifier_list .
truth: specifier_qualifier_list : type_specifier . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   specifier_qualifier_list

test:  halt a running system with no longer subclasses .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  halt   a

test:  return a list of networks that the network will be rendered by the given module or disabled? .
truth: find a cloud network by id or name . 
test:  find   returns
truth:  find   a

test:  serve static textbooks .
truth: display an html textbook . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  display   display

test:  loads object(s) from bytes .
truth: load openssl libcrypto . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   openssl

test:  set the value of the element and save it in the page .
truth: sets the text field with given label to the specified value . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  gets an iterable of plugins for an album and returns a list of plugins .
truth: gets musicbrainz candidates for an album from each plugin . 
test:  get   show
truth:  gets   musicbrainz

test:  return the comment comment comment .
truth: record a comment to be shown in the documentation corresponding to a task . 
test:  write   get
truth:  record   a

test:  test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation using a polynomial .
truth: test for solving on equations that can be converted to a polynomial equation multiplying both sides of the equation by x**m . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that the path exists .
truth: ensure that a file exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for notify which is not running process .
truth: decorator which raises nosuchprocess in case a process is no longer running or its pid has been reused . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the hash for a file .
truth: get the hexdigest hash value of a file . 
test:  return   interface
truth:  get   get

test:  update commands .
truth: utility function to work around windows behavior that open windows . 
test:  run   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper for inserting a feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  tuple   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check if the name is alive or not .
truth: pgrep name misses all python processes and also long process names . 
test:  if   check
truth:  name   name

test:  change current user and group to a standard directory .
truth: patch l{pwd . 
test:  patches   patch
truth:  patch   patch

test:  update the authorized dashboard for a given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for user_ids dashboard activity stream . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test old model name for all assumptions .
truth: try some proofs and exhibit the results . 
test:  test   test
truth:  try   try

test:  decorator that do not use the current request .
truth: decorator requiring a certain mimetype . 
test:  complete   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a new .
truth: return a telnetlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  return   a

test:  change numpy array or logical arrays to concat scale/standard .
truth: concat datetimeindex with the same tz all inputs must be datetimeindex it is used in datetimeindex . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the intersection of the given local node .
truth: compute the instance id of the local machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  formats the exploration summary of the given exploration summary .
truth: returns a dict whose keys are user_ids and whose values are the number of commits made to the given exploration by that user_id . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse a string of the form .
truth: extract single level subelements from an element . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  extract   null

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of daemontools . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  gunzip the given data as android .
truth: gunzip the given data and return as much data as possible . 
test:  gunzip   get
truth:  gunzip   gunzip

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression expression expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  remove a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  checks if a user has access to the given upload .
truth: system api call used to store whether the user has uploaded a profile image . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   api

test:  split a list of whitespace and return a single string .
truth: split a string both by commas and whitespace . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  instantiates a same variable and dtype .
truth: instantiates an all-ones keras variable of the same shape as another keras variable or tensor and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   equivalent
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  creates a virtual machine .
truth: creates the start command to run the java application server . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  start the specified plan to run the matplotlib plan with no longer .
truth: run example scripts . 
test:  processes   test
truth:  run   example

test:  test url .
truth: test url to local path . 
test:  test   test
truth:  url   url

test:  parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the nate 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ensure that the keystone user is absent .
truth: ensure that the named user is absent name the name of the user to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  wait for either state or a file options .
truth: wait for the futures in the given sequence to complete . 
test:  write   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation object .
truth: returns a tuple stating the python build number and date as strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given the default spider object .
truth: create a spider to handle the given request . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  check whether the specified user is installed cli example: .
truth: connection open successfully? . 
test:  test   test
truth:  open   open

test:  pull translated strings from transifex .
truth: pull source strings . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  source   source

test:  gets the number of users type for a specific region .
truth: gets the type of a phone number . 
test:  null   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  calculate checksum for a specified value .
truth: calculates the checksum char used for the 16th char . 
test:  is   whitespace
truth:  calculates   null

test:  a generator that yields all spaces of a urlencoded line .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   a

test:  parse time from a locale into a time .
truth: parse a time from a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  retrieves necessary information from the remote remote server .
truth: return the app id from a connection to an existing server . 
test:  find   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of lists for all items of the indexes .
truth: return a list of the marginal sums of the array a . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that passing a table as expected .
truth: test that passing fill_values should replace any matching row . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the keys needed to verify the servers flow .
truth: check if were in the verification flow and redirect if necessary . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   check

test:  parse a set-like header into a tuple with the the the the the options: .
truth: parses an http accept-* header . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  computes the balanced accuracy of a directed class based on its type .
truth: default scoring function: balanced accuracy balanced accuracy computes each class accuracy on a per-class basis using a one-vs-rest encoding . 
test:  function   function
truth:  default   default

test:  make sure a path can be unicode .
truth: returns a string you can pass to path . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts nt groups to cw .
truth: convert nt sequence to codeword . 
test:  null   field
truth:  convert   nt

test:  returns a list of names for a given id .
truth: get inbound and outbound chain names . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a new shared shared shared shared shared variable .
truth: returns a theano shared variable containing a tensor of the specified shape . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur when the --continue-on-collection-errors flag is set .
truth: verify tests are executed even when collection errors occur and that maxfail is honoured . 
test:  check   attempt
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the mapper services for an object .
truth: given an object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  given   null

test:  check if this user has cart cart processor processor processor or enabled .
truth: checks if request has an authenticated user . 
test:  function   user
truth:  if   checks

test:  figshare figshare .
truth: return the rubeus/hgrid-formatted response for the root folder only . 
test:  constructs   manager
truth:  return   return

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified volume .
truth: return the glance metadata for all volumes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the status is mutating .
truth: determines if the statement is mutating based on the status . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a numeric value to a corresponding locale for use in sha256 .
truth: convert an internal gstreamer time to millisecond time . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a unused port number .
truth: returns a unused port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the matrix of the matrix in the matrix .
truth: finds the degree of the poly corresponding to the _last_ row of the small matrix m . 
test:  return   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  perform fasta on fasta file or list of fasta locations .
truth: calls appropriate conversion function . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  calls   calls

test:  gets all the vlanids used .
truth: gets all the vlanids used . 
test:  gets   lists
truth:  gets   null

test:  a simple wrapper for the current stack .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   method

test:  computes the minimum moment moments for up and columns .
truth: compute delta for given log_moments and eps . 
test:  compute   changes
truth:  compute   delta

test:  assert that all datasets in the cluster with the given case and case are the same as the relevant relevant .
truth: assert that calculate_changes calculates the given desired datasets invoked with the given state and configuration . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 uuid of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  that true if we need to be a matches urls .
truth: is the return_to url under one of the supplied allowed return_to urls? @since: 2 . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  is   null

test:  register a new letter object .
truth: registers and returns the allow_unicode flag . 
test:  null   method
truth:  registers   null

test:  fixture to load a topic .
truth: a topic by a normal user without any extra permissions . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  null   topic

test:  setup the knx binary sensor .
truth: setup the samsung tv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  compute nt zeros of bessel function y0(z) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel functions jn and jn . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return dict of overlapping pairs .
truth: map flowgram ids to sequence ids from a post-split_libraries fasta file . 
test:  find   null
truth:  map   flowgram

test:  a :class:~datetime array with dask values for nodes: data .
truth: return num evenly spaced values over the closed interval [start . 
test:  approximate   constructor
truth:  return   num

test:  creates a trakt server health .
truth: return the first active health option . 
test:  approximate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a test method that tests the given function .
truth: generate a test method that tests the given extension function . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  generate   a

test:  benchmark information about the openerp dataset .
truth: benchmark throughput for different estimators . 
test:  generates   compute
truth:  null   throughput

test:  iterate a function describing a given corpus .
truth: wraps a function that requires an nltk corpus . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  runs the security security .
truth: cleanup unused permissions from views and roles . 
test:  flask   flask
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  model update the model .
truth: models are updated through lettuce steps . 
test:  manage   error
truth:  are   models

test:  creates a form for a requested form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return a list of all available status .
truth: return a composite of all status data and info for this minion . 
test:  get   message
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the drop table sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  load a app .
truth: load a bottle application based on a target string and return the application object . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  get a metadef resource .
truth: list all resource_types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  make sure that any data .
truth: for the function f(x) defined below . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator to be used in order to raise a new exception if no arguments are found .
truth: validation decorator that delegates error handling to the controller . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  null   decorator

test:  allocate eip .
truth: allocate/release vpc eip . 
test:  correlation   gateway
truth:  null   vpc

test:  regression test for a problem with invalid .
truth: test that certain operators do not work with models whose inputs/outputs do not match up correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  allow user permission to process a user with given name .
truth: add user default . 
test:  adds   user
truth:  add   user

test:  returns the current kernel .
truth: get the machine architecture . 
test:  returns   items
truth:  get   get

test:  get event log message .
truth: logs arguments to servers log . 
test:  log   null
truth:  logs   arguments

test:  flask flask widgets .
truth: handler for when review board is initializing . 
test:  like   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  connect to the database; see responses .
truth: factory function for connections . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  function   function

test:  return the immediate children of a given vhd .
truth: return the immediate children of a given vhd . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get status group .
truth: like get_group_counts . 
test:  get   a
truth:  like   like

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  like   decode
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  it processes the specified sets type .
truth: harvest sets environment variables server_name and server_port in order to work with google app engine . 
test:  null   test
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the hyperbolic loglikelihood error for the order-k distribution parameters data : array-like returns monitor array .
truth: compute the default diff objective function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a dictionary of pairs from the possible max_per_second .
truth: loads data out of the fips ecdsa keypair vector files . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   data

test:  display a list of python ids .
truth: returns the live static_root directory . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a random sentence-like string .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  computes the {username of the graph g .
truth: return the williams corrected g statistic for g goodness of fit test . 
test:  returns   sample
truth:  return   return

test:  registers a hosting service with a given name .
truth: register a custom hosting service class . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   a

test:  this function is used to generate a audio-power or linear system parameters x : array the hermitian of the parameters x : a function .
truth: the inequality constraints . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   inequality

test:  return the relevant reservations .
truth: return the relevant reservations . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a view that returns an empty error page .
truth: a 500 message that looks nicer than the normal apache error page . 
test:  null   view
truth:  null   a

test:  find the first element in the page matching the given page matching page matching the given page matching the page matches the given page matches the given page .
truth: using an lxml node . 
test:  find   a
truth:  using   null

test:  clears the user info cookie from sections .
truth: clears the user info cookie from the requestor . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  return a list of the objects of the ith list of objects based on the given list of objects .
truth: return objects that do not have any referents . 
test:  list   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  convenience function to create a dictionary of indices to send a dict of indices with an memberships .
truth: returns a map from short labels to the list of row indices of rows in the dense design matrix with that label . 
test:  make   binary
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function converts a report between date1 and the corresponding supported report for a previously obtained by the given end .
truth: creates the appropriate type of report object based on the string report_type . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  run a command and return its output .
truth: run code in the js interpreter and return output . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  code   code

test:  writes a stream to a file .
truth: like write . 
test:  write   run
truth:  write   like

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  send operations for a campaign criterion .
truth: builds the operations needed to create negative campaign criterion . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  open a given file in a given directory .
truth: open the named log file in append mode . 
test:  to   utility
truth:  open   open

test:  instantiates the plugin extension .
truth: loads settings and instantiates the python markdown extension . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  settings   settings

test:  test whether a path is a raw or a raw escaped .
truth: test whether a path is a mount point . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  send user to use a request .
truth: the main horizon context processor . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  null   null

test:  waits until a predicate is true .
truth: wait until callable predicate is evaluated as true . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  wait   null

test:  calculates the uuid of the uuid .
truth: convert a binary uuid to human readable string . 
test:  to   role
truth:  convert   a

test:  write the pid to the worker processes .
truth: create a file with the process id written in it . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  create   a

test:  return a list of all branches classes .
truth: return an iterator over the leaf nodes in a tree structure . 
test:  return   intersection
truth:  return   return

test:  get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement matrix .
truth: get the matrix tetragrid from the xmlelement r values . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  lists wiki documents .
truth: returns listing of all templates . 
test:  lists   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key .
truth: wrapper for dogpiles sha1_mangle_key . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the file or directory of a directory .
truth: get the group name of a file or directory . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the xdg cache directory .
truth: return the xdg_cache_home . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a mode from the local partition or module cli example: .
truth: report whether the quota system for this device is on or off cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  report   report

test:  combine two lists in a single list .
truth: augment the input list of list by appending n-grams values . 
test:  remote   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this method is provided to verify that the request a list of api views is provided .
truth: if auth is active and the resource requires it . 
test:  value   null
truth:  if   auth

test:  parses a set .
truth: parses an item in a character set . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  enforces a number into a string with same number of places .
truth: formats a number according to the users locale . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  to stop/power off a vm using its name cli example: .
truth: to suspend a vm using its name cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  ensure that exactly count matching containers exist .
truth: stop and remove any matching containers . 
test:  download   remove
truth:  stop   stop

test:  change the system state cli example: .
truth: change the system runlevel on sysv compatible systems cli example: state : string init state . 
test:  start   reload
truth:  change   change

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  get a named value from the registry name .
truth: get a registered named path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  given a list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing game level statistics . 
test:  combines   a
truth:  combines   a

test:  returns the number of bits needed to serialize an ipv4 address .
truth: returns an ipv4 netmask from the integer representation of that mask . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check to see if a cache cluster exists .
truth: check to see if a cache cluster exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns true for a function .
truth: return true if func is a decorated coroutine function . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function that returns a template with a configuration file .
truth: render config template . 
test:  function   null
truth:  config   config

test:  retrieve the backend for the given module and returns the class .
truth: load a microsites backend and return an instance of it . 
test:  loads   get
truth:  load   a

test:  given a list of results .
truth: suggest artists based upon partial names . 
test:  null   artist
truth:  suggest   artists

test:  return the id for the current linux distribution .
truth: return the distro id of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the template limit .
truth: validate limit for the template . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  limit   limit

test:  test with formatted formatted function .
truth: test that formatteddecimalfield doesnt return value in scientific notation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the folders which are created during the tests .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  try to pick an object from a class .
truth: build an edns option object from wire format . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  build   build

test:  serve protected thumbnail .
truth: serve protected thumbnails to authenticated users . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  protected   null

test:  fill a file from a template .
truth: this function will return a namedstringio . 
test:  replacing   a
truth:  function   function

test:  make sure what this monitor is called if you expect a psycho monitor .
truth: testusingpsychopymonitorconfig illustrates using the launchhubserver function and providing a psychopy monitor configuration file name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a 1 entry in :func:pyramid to a queue entry .
truth: converts entry element to queue object . 
test:  translates   convert
truth:  converts   entry

test:  return the url for the content of a article file .
truth: get the url for an item of content . 
test:  content   a
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the default verbose .
truth: set the global verbose . 
test:  output   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes unicode to utf-8 if python is unnecessary enough .
truth: evaluate if to encode the value is necessary . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a segment matches one file matches the bad segment .
truth: segment is an imagesegment from an esptool binary . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  is   segment

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the sendgrid notification service . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  train the elements of a sequence .
truth: do one iteration of hill climbing to find better alphas . 
test:  function   tuples
truth:  do   one

test:  find a mime type from a http mime type .
truth: split mime type into main type and subtype . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  split   mime

test:  creates the socket header .
truth: creates a default responder for the options method args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return that were active during window .
truth: return backups that were active during window . 
test:  return   volumes
truth:  return   backups

test:  returns the expected value of the standard error .
truth: assuming z has been transformed to a mean of zero and an identity matrix of covariances . 
test:  show   a
truth:  assuming   z

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  takes   format
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  disables all namespaces namespaces or raise if the given version is available .
truth: set a version for the namespace to be loaded . 
test:  to   versions
truth:  set   a

test:  reset the current database to the validation .
truth: executes the equivalent of get_sql_reset in the current database . 
test:  reset   method
truth:  executes   null

test:  define a new test function that iterates on the blockdevicedeployer device .
truth: create a new blockdevicedeployer . 
test:  null   api
truth:  create   a

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  alternative relu implementation parameters x: array .
truth: leaky rectified linear unit function . 
test:  elementwise   linear
truth:  rectified   null

test:  return a dictionary of image description of image description .
truth: return dictionary from image description byte string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  update a new host for the specified host or list of host_names .
truth: update the password for a given host . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  copy config files to the destination directory .
truth: copy over "extra" files named in config json: stylesheets . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the current currently active reporter .
truth: returns the current reporter object . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format money amount according to the locale settings .
truth: format a money object in the given locale . 
test:  format   method
truth:  format   a

test:  this method is to generate the netvisor cli .
truth: this method is to generate the cli portion to launch the netvisor cli . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return swirl .
truth: perform a swirl transformation . 
test:  calculate   image
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the requirements file .
truth: get the location of a cached requirements file; caching if necessary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  add list to the list .
truth: add to vector3 paths recursively . 
test:  add   vector3
truth:  to   add

test:  return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b .
truth: return common prefix length of ipv6 addresses a and b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a protobuf key for a protobuf path .
truth: factory method for creating a key based on a protobuf . 
test:  project   a
truth:  null   method

test:  builds the network attach config spec .
truth: builds the vif attach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  decorator to enforce read-only logic .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  find the game game .
truth: print returns . 
test:  code   print
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a folder with relative to contain any files which are not escaped files listed in files with no gaps .
truth: test if flake8 is respected . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  if   test

test:  matches with all keys of the data with the given iterator .
truth: return an encrypted dict . 
test:  decrypt   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a url or a path string into a path string .
truth: return the latest component of a string containing either an url of the form <scheme>://<path> or a local file system path . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updates the current users viewpoint .
truth: updates follower metadata . 
test:  updates   execution
truth:  updates   updates

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with negative signs .
truth: tests that we find an int with a negative sign . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  load a all certificates from a certificate .
truth: load public keys from all certificates in a directory . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the percentage of recall .
truth: returns the percentage of positive cases correctly classified as positive . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterates over the modules .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  does   null

test:  converts a dictionary to a localizable .
truth: a default translation function that translates l{failure}s that are l{cancellederror}s to l{timeouterror}s . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  default   default

test:  returns an ajax handler for the given state .
truth: handle incoming requests for notifications in a restful way . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  incoming   handle

test:  compute mutual mutual between two clusterings .
truth: normalized mutual information between two clusterings . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  normalized   null

test:  get a projection class from its name .
truth: get a projection class from its name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  write the given list of pdf to a given file .
truth: write version specification code into the given filename . 
test:  is   null
truth:  write   version

test:  sphere sphere or cook sphere or decreaste .
truth: do potential or field for spherical model . 
test:  test   helper
truth:  do   null

test:  return a list of all files in the directory sensor .
truth: returns a list of maximum count filenames to process . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  disassociate eip .
truth: disassociate bogus eip . 
test:  null   eip
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  block callback for the request .
truth: use this method to send answers to callback queries sent from inline keyboards . 
test:  function   a
truth:  use   use

test:  efficiently compute the normalization of f modulo k .
truth: return the puiseux series for f . 
test:  null   difference
truth:  return   return

test:  renamemodel of the determinant of a wishart parameters a : int the expected value of the determinant of the determinant of the determinant of the determinant of the determinant of
truth: returns a function of the dof . 
test:  value   value
truth:  returns   a

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler set plugin for promotion .
truth: yaml: build-name-setter define build name setter options which allows your build name to be updated during the build process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  gets a list of command interfaces for use by ns .
truth: gets all active interfaces on a given switch returns: dictionary with interface type as the keys . 
test:  gets   list
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the always value of a 1-d image .
truth: a reduction to count the number of elements . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  null   reduction

test:  matching list of matching tags .
truth: returns a list of matching tags . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the applicationcontent score for equal to equal .
truth: compares two strings for equality securely . 
test:  generates   context
truth:  compares   null

test:  gethostbyname -> address return the maximum number .
truth: gethostbyname -> address return the ip address for a host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns a list of datacenters for the specified datacenter .
truth: returns all datacenters in a vcenter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator ensuring that the user has the permissions to modify a dataset .
truth: decorator ensuring that the user has access to dataset . 
test:  ensuring   decorator
truth:  ensuring   decorator

test:  return a string representing the scheme that can be used as a string .
truth: returns the host component . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  elementwise sign .
truth: return -1 . 
test:  elementwise   sign
truth:  return   return

test:  run gui .
truth: gui test . 
test:  test   case
truth:  test   test

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the node location to use . 
test:  returns   links
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a certain floatingip cli example: .
truth: updates a floatingip cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  given a selectors .
truth: given an icalendar component with an "rrule" return a list of events as dictionaries . 
test:  gets   event
truth:  given   null

test:  add to threads from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   add

test:  deletes the specified floatingip cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified floating ip cli example: . 
test:  add   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  get the information from the specified provider .
truth: return details on an instance . 
test:  name   information
truth:  return   details

test:  check if the database is available on the x .
truth: checks if the pycrypto functions we use are available . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the parser class by the name .
truth: return the parser class from the parser_name module . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a python script object out of the random text .
truth: construct a 2-tuple of c{} for testing interaction with the logging module . 
test:  complete   csv
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new group of an dictionary by passing a given type .
truth: get the group part of an event type name . 
test:  name   build
truth:  get   get

test:  return a map of data points for the specified eps .
truth: pull the supervisor specifications out of the entry point . 
test:  return   a
truth:  pull   pull

test:  check that a path is unique .
truth: returns a version of path that does not exist on the filesystem . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a class such as android .
truth: convert a path such as landroid/support/v4/app/activitycompat; into a method string class_landroid_support_v4_app_activitycompat so we can call d . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  function to mapping otu table metadata table to each sample metadata is a list of conf than one single sample metadata pair .
truth: make n samples related to each sample in an input otu table input: the constituents of an otu table * sample_ids: list * otu_ids: list * samples: iterable . 
test:  add   otu
truth:  make   n

test:  collect the target files for a target .
truth: generates a sequence of all . 
test:  decodes   returns
truth:  generates   a

test:  add a single user cli example: .
truth: add a user to the minion . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure a string is an unicode string .
truth: make sure string is unicode type . 
test:  make   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  quote a single command-line argument to a comma-separated string .
truth: ensure that primary key values do not confuse the admin urls by escaping any / . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a user on the specified group .
truth: creates a user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  cache a cache security group from the specified group .
truth: authorize network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  log   network
truth:  authorize   network

test:  similar to escape() .
truth: a helper function for constructing a standard tooltip for the node in on the canvas . 
test:  widget   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  sort iterable containing tasks .
truth: example: lx list sort: lx download 0/sort:/[0-1] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   lx

test:  returns a formatted datetime object .
truth: timezone aware version of datetime . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  null   timezone

test:  computes the distance matrix for all rows .
truth: mutual incoherence . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that translated field supports translated fields .
truth: tests serializing translated field in a simple migration . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  serializing   tests

test:  make extension .
truth: return an instance of the footnoteextension . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: gatling publish trend for the build .
truth: yaml: gatling publish gatling results as a trend graph requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:gatling plugin <gatling+plugin> . 
test:  null   translate
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the tikteck platform .
truth: set up an decora switch . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  represent   null

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all child zones . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the ip address contained in the http_x_real_ip headers .
truth: extract ip address of requester from header . 
test:  request   null
truth:  ip   ip

test:  simulate simulate to text .
truth: get pickleable exception type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a secure .
truth: robust serialization - does not corrupt your files when failed . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  null   serialization

test:  check if the course is required to the given survey .
truth: returns whether a survey is required for this course . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fake function to format and inject any arguments into a single string .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  skip header for several whitespace .
truth: return first position after whitespace . 
test:  simplified   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for tests that alter the test .
truth: execute a minion function via the __salt__ object in the test module . 
test:  function   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return the best available time name of the zone .
truth: compares local timezone offset to pytzs timezone db . 
test:  get   get
truth:  compares   null

test:  contributors with bound .
truth: contributors across the site with mailmerge . 
test:  allow   cpu
truth:  null   contributors

test:  return an integer with a given number of integers .
truth: returns an array with evenly-spaced values within a given interval . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index page: theory .
truth: sales index page . 
test:  default   null
truth:  index   index

test:  list installed virtual directories .
truth: filter list of installed apps from freeze and check to see if prefix exists in the list of packages installed . 
test:  extracts   list
truth:  list   list

test:  does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis .
truth: does necessary setup to allow easy remote access to app engine apis . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   null

test:  clean up the container rootfs peers .
truth: clean up the container namespace rootfs mounting one spawned . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  view function that logs out .
truth: log out . 
test:  force   redirects
truth:  log   log

test:  get media instance in media list on a position the l{libvlc_media_list_lock} should be held upon entering this function .
truth: find index position of list media instance in media list . 
test:  get   media
truth:  index   index

test:  creates a pil/pillow array .
truth: returns array as a float32 array in fortran order . 
test:  transforms   array
truth:  array   array

test:  returns true if the request is a role :type executable: whether the request is the http headers .
truth: require this request of user is right . 
test:  if   check
truth:  require   null

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the groupname of the database to remove .
truth: ensure that given database is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of review members belonging to a particular group .
truth: display a list of users registered for a particular group . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  return true if this module is a default for this interface .
truth: checks to see if interface exists and if it is a default config args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  close the http client for http requests .
truth: saves the recoded responses to a temp file if the config file allows . 
test:  close   data
truth:  saves   null

test:  display the help help action .
truth: print information about extra bokeh-specific command line options . 
test:  show   null
truth:  print   information

test:  returns a dict of for the desired resource formats .
truth: returns the resource formats as a dict . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that a linecollection specifies a jupyter of issues and that the user can overlap .
truth: test the fix for #4508 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: right-aligns the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts any given object to a datetime object .
truth: handler for object types that are not json-serializable . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  null   handler

test:  return the correct google driver driver .
truth: get a libcloud rackspace driver given some credentials and other configuration . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the list of hook .
truth: a function with some random output . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  insert nested chars into a sequence .
truth: insert value at many locations in sequence . 
test:  given   a
truth:  value   value

test:  yield the message to the log file .
truth: iterate over the subparts with a given mime type . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  return the info for a specific package .
truth: return package info . 
test:  return   a
truth:  package   package

test:  helper function to return a list of unique variables .
truth: gives unique names to an iterable of variables . 
test:  setuptools   start
truth:  gives   null

test:  deprecated logged in systemd .
truth: set up nova credentials . 
test:  shared   a
truth:  set   up

test:  setsubtensor -> sparseblockouter .
truth: also work for gpuincsubtensor . 
test:  ensure   work
truth:  work   work

test:  parse time from iso 8601 format .
truth: parse time from iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  display whether power button is sleep on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "wake on modem" button :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays whether allow power button to sleep computer is on or off if supported :return: a string value representing the "allow power button to sleep computer" settings :rtype: string cli example: . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  run a list of packages .
truth: handle osx commandline script . 
test:  command   run
truth:  handle   osx

test:  create an imageproperty initialization .
truth: creates the app . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  execute a python function in a python program .
truth: return true if the command succeeded . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host .
truth: return ip address and fqdn grains . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  ip   ip

test:  creates a url at which a request token to be sent .
truth: generates url at which user will login to authorize the request token . 
test:  constructs   url
truth:  url   url

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  load a class with the specified name .
truth: retrieve a class with the given name within the given check module . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator that checks if the file are supported .
truth: decorator implementation that wraps a check around an esploader bootloader function to check if its supported . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  null   implementation

test:  run pending classes on a specific action .
truth: handle any pending relations to the sending model . 
test:  receives   mako
truth:  handle   handle

test:  retrieve a context dict suitable for a context .
truth: contexts in django version 1 . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   in

test:  helper method to get the version of the server .
truth: return version of jenkins :return: the version of jenkins cli example: . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   version

test:  get the current window for the read .
truth: return the window for the currently focussed buffer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sort and return keys of dict .
truth: sort and return keys of dict . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  rfc 2822 timestamp .
truth: formats timestamp in a form usable in captcha . 
test:  format   a
truth:  formats   timestamp

test:  call a function with a value of a similar indices .
truth: if thing is callable . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  if   thing

test:  marks a dictionary as a dictionary with elements of lists .
truth: marks a dictss values as satisfying a given type constraint . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  returns a list of all package names .
truth: place all entries in /etc/portage/package . 
test:  order   null
truth:  place   place

test:  check for nova docstring start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  revoke a cache ingress security group from a cache security group .
truth: revoke network ingress from an ec2 security group to a cache security group . 
test:  given   a
truth:  revoke   network

test:  error the given occurred .
truth: something went awry . 
test:  null   error
truth:  null   something

test:  determines whether the request wants to access a request .
truth: determines if the request user has permission to do a certain action . 
test:  if   pillar
truth:  if   null

test:  returns rank for ros group .
truth: ranks each observation within the data groups . 
test:  transforms   parameters
truth:  null   null

test:  test that you can add a cookiecutter with a cookiecutter error .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true and extra_context . 
test:  calling   check
truth:  call   call

test:  returns current line number within a string .
truth: returns the line of text containing loc within a string . 
test:  given   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new iscsi target with the given values .
truth: create an iscsi_target from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   target
truth:  create   create

test:  return the vdi configuration object for this instance .
truth: return metadata to store in vdis other_config attribute . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   metadata

test:  returns a causes value .
truth: get equation for polar . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  check a disk disk device .
truth: checks if a disk is valid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  test stacked stacked line .
truth: test interpolated stacked line . 
test:  test   test
truth:  interpolated   test

test:  compare the sqlite format we can convert it back to the sqlite format .
truth: lhs and rhs can be either: - an integer number of microseconds - a string representing a timedelta object - a string representing a datetime . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   lhs

test:  read a a table with data that raises an exception if the right values of the input data .
truth: test failure if too many different character are on position line . 
test:  test   read
truth:  test   failure

test:  return a dataset .
truth: special row id is 0xff ffff ffff ffff ffff . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   row

test:  create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary .
truth: create a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  do not allow the options .
truth: a minimalistic node formatter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the description for a number .
truth: return a text description of a phonenumber object for the given language . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  return   a

test:  converts list to a list of strings .
truth: convert a text string into a valid slice object which can be used as indices for a list or array . 
test:  arrays   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  remove users from an acl group .
truth: remove users from an acl group . 
test:  remove   users
truth:  remove   users

test:  put sql into a new database .
truth: execute the given sql query using the provided connection object . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  return a generator which is equal to int .
truth: stretch the color argument to provide the required number num . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  stretch   stretch

test:  parse and return the oauth url .
truth: return tuple of . 
test:  return   url
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  monitor the rate of a imap operation .
truth: monitor the rate of operation retries on the server . 
test:  loads   infos
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  coerce value to an json-compatible representation .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  works on a string or a string .
truth: check if its string . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get namespace attributes from the given format .
truth: returns string suitable to be used as an xmlns parameters in xblock xml representation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  string   string

test:  evaluate the drag distance between two events .
truth: return the distance between the mouse position when the button was pressed and the current mouse position . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a user from the minion cli example: .
truth: remove a user from the minion cli example: . 
test:  deletes   change
truth:  remove   a

test:  show a network interfaces .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  list   a
truth:  create   a

test:  represent an address as 4 packed bytes in network order .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  represent   null
truth:  null   binary

test:  sets an instance of :class:i18nstore in the request registry .
truth: sets an instance of :class:i18n in the request registry . 
test:  sets   sqlalchemy
truth:  sets   sets

test:  test induced fail for comparing class .
truth: regression test for issue #3294 . 
test:  test   metadata
truth:  test   test

test:  x is a wrapper around the inputsif .
truth: fill -> v this optimization is only needed in fast_compile to make the code more readable . 
test:  provides   return
truth:  fill   fill

test:  create a animations figure .
truth: beta function that creates plots with animations via frames . 
test:  create   a
truth:  function   function

test:  safely build file .
truth: tweaks for building extensions between release and development mode . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   tweaks

test:  get vector3 from prefixbegin .
truth: get radius complex for xmlelement . 
test:  get   radius
truth:  get   radius

test:  creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates .
truth: creates random latin text useful for providing test data in templates . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a hash of the given token .
truth: hash a token . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  create a pool cli example: .
truth: delete a pool cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the specified data from the specified repository .
truth: returns the existing package meteadata db . 
test:  returns   element
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of test tests .
truth: map every module to a test case . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  map   map

test:  fake assert_is without message .
truth: fake assert_is_not without message . 
test:  checks   assert_is
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the version of the commit .
truth: get the commit hash of bups current version . 
test:  commit   null
truth:  get   get

test:  add a given ami to a region .
truth: run a new instance in the given region . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  run   a

test:  returns a serialization statement for the atomic type .
truth: returns a serialization statement for the given atomic type . 
test:  string   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test core .
truth: test core . 
test:  null   core
truth:  test   core

test:  returns the mutual .
truth: shannons information parameters px : float or array-like px is a discrete probability distribution returns for logbase = 2 np . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  null   information

test:  skill provisions controller .
truth: skill provisions controller . 
test:  null   types
truth:  null   provisions

test:  salt token .
truth: if the custom authentication header is supplied . 
test:  make   sets
truth:  if   null

test:  parses information from a file .
truth: parse an fileinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the backup metadata for the specified volume .
truth: return metadata persisted with backup object . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  return   metadata

test:  attempts to revert revert using the request should be logged .
truth: adds a message with the success level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  return the weeks of w .
truth: return weeks as days . 
test:  returns   attributes
truth:  return   weeks

test:  set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to plasma and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  fetches the message identified by the given course_id .
truth: fetches the message indexed by [exploration_id] . 
test:  fetches   message
truth:  fetches   null

test:  retrieve a node with name excluded by name .
truth: gets the settings from kodi and activates the relevant entries in sets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  refresh the grains from the proxy device .
truth: refresh the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  refresh   refresh
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  tests that a multi search can be ready .
truth: test finding a few ready files . 
test:  find   null
truth:  finding   finding

test:  rename a lineage lineage .
truth: rename the specified lineage to the new name . 
test:  backported   method
truth:  rename   rename

test:  test uint8 uint8 directories and directory .
truth: test bind mounts . 
test:  test   check
truth:  bind   bind

test:  convert a protocol from the protocol to protocol .
truth: transform multiple index definitions to composite index records args: app_id: application id for new protocol buffer compositeindex . 
test:  index   accept
truth:  transform   multiple

test:  computes the kolmogorov-smirnof statistic on 2 samples .
truth: computes the kolmogorov-smirnov statistic on 2 samples . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine if the data has a known instance .
truth: returns true if all base classes of a class could be inferred . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or a string . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  prints a list of all attachments .
truth: print out subunit attachments . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a new json json file .
truth: creates a json object with the given parameters in the format that is supported by the backup_recovery_service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check if a vlan interface exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  edit config file has been replaced by the given filepath .
truth: writes the desired_options to the config file . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  generates the current request .
truth: return a new configuration for the contentstore that is isolated from other such configurations . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  return   a

test:  return the python source object .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  import   import

test:  create a new text in a given snapshot .
truth: build the body portion for use in creating a repository . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   build

test:  calculates the hermite product of a and m .
truth: return the residual mod m such that it is within half of the modulus . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check the status of a http error .
truth: return the data from an nginx status page as a dictionary . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the current filter list to set the list of storage storage .
truth: sets the modules error-message filters . 
test:  file   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  turn a fixture into a fully qualified directory .
truth: read genesis block from fixtures . 
test:  provides   fixture
truth:  read   read

test:  return true if val looks like a provided uuid .
truth: returns validation of a value as a uuid . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   validation

test:  parses a string as a boolean .
truth: return true if the object represents a truth value . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dictionary of the value for the those keys .
truth: explode the opts into a preloads list . 
test:  turn   return
truth:  explode   null

test:  retrieve a list of managed servers by the cluster .
truth: manage ntp servers servers a list of ntp servers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  manage   ntp

test:  parse a sentence s .
truth: parse an expression into an ast node . 
test:  parse   ownership
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a resource_view chart using :class:barbuilder chart .
truth: create a chord chart using :class:chordbuilder <bokeh . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get all the root clusters in the root cluster .
truth: return a list of clusters by cutting the clustering at height . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set a win32/win64 api window handle where the media player should render its video output .
truth: set an x window system drawable where the media player should render its video output . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  change frequency of daily updater thread .
truth: change frequency of automatic postprocessing thread todo: make all thread frequency changers in config . 
test:  change   frequency
truth:  change   frequency

test:  test data_url() .
truth: test that the database can handle inserting and selecting unicode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a crop corner password to a 3d image .
truth: given an large image consisting of 3x3 squares with small_padding padding concatenated into a 2x2 grid with large_padding padding . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a dict of field between models and 1 .
truth: return a dict of differences between two model instances . 
test:  value   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse the given routes .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for the route settings file . 
test:  returns   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  remove a "package" on the ssh server .
truth: remove a "package" on the ssh server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  tests that nonvoid returns the function is marked as a dict with the supplied result .
truth: if self closed version of non-void cdata elements like <title/> are present . 
test:  testing   a
truth:  if   self

test:  this makes a wont get the client from the command line .
truth: first time it runs through the channels it stays on each channel for 5 seconds in order to populate the deauth list nicely . 
test:  function   max
truth:  time   time

test:  given a new tag tag .
truth: creates a tag in git via dulwich calls: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns the url of a backend [instance] in the dev_appserver .
truth: returns a url pointing to a backend or backend instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  send an email to the initiator of a failed notification .
truth: e-mail verification mails are sent: a) explicitly: when a user signs up b) implicitly: when a user attempts to log in using an unverified e-mail while email_verification is mandatory . 
test:  send   send
truth:  null   verification

test:  get the output folder .
truth: get the absolute frozen folder path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  show all the figures and enter the correct database .
truth: show all the figures and enter the qt main loop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  returns true if the number is alpha .
truth: checks if the number is a valid vanity number such as 800 microsoft . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the pid of the parent process .
truth: this is a monkey patch for os . 
test:  get   null
truth:  is   null

test:  creates a new graph from an adjacency matrix given as a dictionary of nodes .
truth: creates a new bipartite graph from a biadjacency matrix given as a scipy sparse matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  utility for creating a style element .
truth: return a style object of the appropriate |basestyle| subclass . 
test:  download   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a humanized string of length n .
truth: generates a random bitlist of length n . 
test:  generates   command
truth:  generates   a

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio and indices support . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  this just does a test on theano .
truth: this is a really partial test . 
test:  is   check
truth:  is   null

test:  extracts environment variables required for each of the xml .
truth: returns any custom environment variables defined in appengine-web . 
test:  read   load
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempts to load unicoded files from the current users .
truth: listens to a contributor being removed to check in all of their files . 
test:  create   null
truth:  to   null

test:  gets a date from the given object .
truth: gets date from the date input string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  gets   date

test:  get a list of cpg for display .
truth: get a list of cpgs to build metric definitions with . 
test:  list   return
truth:  get   a

test:  generate a uuid from the md5 hash of a namespace uuid and a name .
truth: generate a uuid from the sha-1 hash of a namespace uuid and a name . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the line number of the input data .
truth: ripple benchmark function . 
test:  extract   =
truth:  null   benchmark

test:  load the grammar .
truth: load the grammar . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns the path to the expand file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain expand head . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  step 4 4 by a suffix .
truth: step 4 strips -ant . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  make a file without the psea .
truth: run psea and return output filename . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  remove any image from the node .
truth: like node . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  like   node

test:  view the filters to handles the filters .
truth: configures the template filters . 
test:  need   null
truth:  configures   configures

test:  execute command .
truth: decorator for the execution of ipmi command . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  load configuration .
truth: return a fully configured dnf base object . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   a

test:  a version of pythons urllib .
truth: like zip . 
test:  like   null
truth:  like   zip

test:  transform the exception but keep its traceback intact .
truth: transform the exception but keep its traceback intact . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return the absolute path for a resource by the given path .
truth: given a resource object and a string or tuple representing a path . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the size in bytes into a human readable format .
truth: returns an approximate . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return partition information for a device .
truth: return partition information for a device . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   partition

test:  respond with files which are respective files and also be removed .
truth: run vulture over the given files . 
test:  generates   one
truth:  run   run

test:  validate and return a string for option of type bytes .
truth: validate and return an integer for option of type bytes . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  return the current dashboard for the current dashboard .
truth: generates sub-navigation entries for the current dashboard . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears all built-in layers .
truth: clear all layer names in set_keep[_layers_name_list] . 
test:  null   in
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if any of the given array has unicode fields .
truth: returns true if any fields in a structured array have unicode dtype . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns random string with provided number of characters .
truth: returns random string value with provided number of characters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure the default anonymous library is blocking .
truth: return the set of errors raised by the ftp class . 
test:  to   change
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively convert a unicode object to unicode .
truth: converts object "what" to unicode string using its own __str__ method if accessible or unicode method otherwise . 
test:  return   args
truth:  object   object

test:  we want a new .
truth: queue up a custom new relic metric for the current request . 
test:  estimate   a
truth:  null   up

test:  search for a given string using the different case .
truth: convenience function to search a string for keywords . 
test:  compose   searches
truth:  function   function

test:  filters the given clauseelement by only files by the high level .
truth: filter a namespace dictionary by name pattern and item type . 
test:  filter   search
truth:  filter   a

test:  load the data as a gzip .
truth: return the mnist data as a tuple containing the training data . 
test:  load   data
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  run a single unit of the given module .
truth: expand the toplevel macros for the tree . 
test:  loads   docker
truth:  expand   expand

test:  test efficient surface of surfaces .
truth: test triangular surface decimation . 
test:  test   attempts
truth:  test   test

test:  setup logging with the manager .
truth: configure logging based on options . 
test:  logging   setup
truth:  logging   logging

test:  the fastest serialization method .
truth: register pickle serializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  return a formatted time in milliseconds .
truth: unmarshall a datetime dict . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   a

test:  make sure ast cant compile invalid lists .
truth: ensure the compiler chokes on invalid lambda-lists . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  remove all the records .
truth: test fixture run once after all tests of this module . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the list of images that are the specified subset of images .
truth: returns a list of the top-level images . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  import key in a key .
truth: import an ecc key . 
test:  import   module
truth:  import   import

test:  return a list .
truth: finds elements in only one or the other of two . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  finds   elements

test:  return a list of the success that are not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not not available because the pointer to the
truth: whether the github status is not a success . 
test:  is   check
truth:  null   null

test:  update the weekly of a recent question .
truth: keep the num_votes_past_week value accurate . 
test:  update   null
truth:  keep   null

test:  open the xml for root .
truth: returns the opening tag for the xml root node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the raw headers as a list of tuples .
truth: retrieves all http headers from an http response from the server . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  read a file from the buffer .
truth: reads a file on disk . 
test:  reads   data
truth:  reads   a

test:  get the path to the directory where the path is relative to the minions file is relative or any of the location of the cscript .
truth: return the full path to cscript . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  return   return

test:  only works on solaris like a node with the native version of the kernel module available .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  work   work

test:  yaml: github-notifier hide event .
truth: yaml: zeromq-event this is a jenkins plugin that will publish jenkins job run events to a zmq pub socket . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a human readable string representation of a human readable string .
truth: returns the number in a human readable format; for example 1048576 = "1mi" . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the utility that take a creating equation .
truth: fast replacement for scipy . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  setup the available co2 sensor .
truth: setup the ohmconnect sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the clickable at the specified root of the input data type .
truth: serialize processed xhtml . 
test:  null   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  return a dictionary with elements of the return values of the matrix .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generate   convert
truth:  generate   generate

test:  add a dict of dictionaries to the list of dictionaries available .
truth: returns a list of available aggregate function names . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a module path return the absolute path to find the matching file in the given directory .
truth: try to find the named module on the given search path or sys . 
test:  given   null
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform an afsdb record lookup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  clones a security group from a security group .
truth: clones an existing security group . 
test:  clones   clones
truth:  clones   clones

test:  require a service to be stopped .
truth: require a service to be stopped . 
test:  time   a
truth:  require   a

test:  decorator to ensure that the current user is a editor handler .
truth: decorator that checks if the user can edit the given collection . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  collect a socket from the instance .
truth: closes the socket if auto_delete is true and the socket is opened . 
test:  send   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: gets the comment count for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  transforms a python program into sys .
truth: get current environment and add pythonpath . 
test:  change   environment
truth:  get   current

test:  fetches all registration-related logs except for project_registered .
truth: these logs are potentially missing params[registration] fields . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  creates multiple options for testing .
truth: create a fake options object for testing . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that the unsets code is set correctly .
truth: test that exception in dynamically generated code doesnt break getting the source line . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plots a dictionary with items .
truth: add key-value pairs to d only if key is not in d . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  add   add

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a logistic distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  handle the binary representation of a d/dt .
truth: convert a string into an osc blob . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return services .
truth: check that all required services are running . 
test:  output   expression
truth:  check   check

test:  return the index for containers with creates .
truth: returns target index object . 
test:  source   source
truth:  returns   target

test:  test for get html file from word word .
truth: test for get word from html file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that the current page is marked as a plugin .
truth: test that show_all_pages forces plugin to return all visible pages . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  considering the rows of x as vectors .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: copy a file from source to destination . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: generate an unique job id . 
test:  return   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  it computes a single 63 for the given 63 .
truth: check reference leak . 
test:  return   output
truth:  check   reference

test:  returns the extension code for the given code .
truth: unregister an extension code . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  parse a set-like lookup by id .
truth: interpret a list of strings as network[:vlan_begin:vlan_end] entries . 
test:  interpret   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  the editor dict with the caller .
truth: called when the editor saves its contents . 
test:  move   method
truth:  called   null

test:  execute queries against the arraylike and return the result as a string .
truth: read pillar data from http response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  read   pillar

test:  returns the vpn status of the minion .
truth: gets current vpn status . 
test:  get   works
truth:  gets   current

test:  generate a random chunk of the original line parameters a : array-like a networkx graph the input data to generate a line of the dataset .
truth: create a line using a random walk algorithm length is the number of points for the line . 
test:  username   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the version of the sdk .
truth: gets the name of this source version . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a standard html .
truth: turn any response in a 200 response to let jquery code handle it nicely . 
test:  constructs   data
truth:  turn   null

test:  mark the current thread as responsable for i/o requests .
truth: mark the current thread as responsible for i/o requests . 
test:  mark   mark
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return the contents of a file from a url .
truth: wrapper for cp . 
test:  return   source
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get path with points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   path
truth:  get   path

test:  walk class hierarchy .
truth: walk class hierarchy . 
test:  walk   class
truth:  walk   class

test:  creates a list of loops .
truth: returns information on looplifting candidates . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  test listing a listing with empty name .
truth: test listing a backup-list latest on an empty prefix . 
test:  listing   listing
truth:  listing   listing

test:  add a handler for the given logger .
truth: add a handler to the default logger . 
test:  add   key
truth:  add   a

test:  run a given package with a given package .
truth: if pyflakes is installed . 
test:  go   run
truth:  if   pyflakes

test:  return details about all elasticache table .
truth: describe a dynamodb table . 
test:  get   information
truth:  describe   a

test:  only load if csf exists .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  release a list of available audio output .
truth: frees the list of available audio outputs . 
test:  release   a
truth:  frees   null

test:  returns a factory for the specified key .
truth: a method to make one-level key objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  read rich text .
truth: read rich text . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  given a filename or a file name .
truth: given a filename . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the acls list of acls and contacts should be considered .
truth: check acls . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   acls

test:  get the evaluated float as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as a float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  perform any global pre-test setup .
truth: perform any global pre-test setup . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the communicability communicability of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decrypt the aes ciphertext with the given key .
truth: decrypts a ciphertext that was aes-encrypted with the given key . 
test:  decrypts   home
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  only work when make-bcache is installed .
truth: only load if rabbitmq is installed . 
test:  load   work
truth:  load   load

test:  takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   record
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if the shop matches the supplied wamp .
truth: compare the current filesystem tunables with needed ones . 
test:  perform   sum
truth:  compare   compare

test:  parses a property property .
truth: parses a unicode property . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  given a consumer .
truth: fallback blocking event loop for transports that doesnt support aio . 
test:  to   core
truth:  blocking   fallback

test:  return a code object which includes any pickle-able code in a code .
truth: creates a codetype with co_filename replaced with filename . 
test:  code   generator
truth:  creates   a

test:  lay all the counter control panel .
truth: factory function that returns a new reentrant lock . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if we know about to query .
truth: checks whether we can generate key . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  replace the standard :mod:thread module with three different positions .
truth: patch the documentation to replace vault/name/version by keyvaultid . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  patch   patch

test:  gets the list of old connections associated with the given user_id .
truth: gets other accounts connected to this facebook id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  set the quota usage dirty for a resource and tenant .
truth: set resource quota usage . 
test:  adds   quota
truth:  set   resource

test:  return a virtualenv which can be executed inside a virtualenv or any of which the specified virtualenv .
truth: return the name of the current python or conda virtualenv . 
test:  displays   return
truth:  return   return

test:  template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket .
truth: template tag for calculating the shipping charge for a given shipping method and basket . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  returns a list of valid elements in the zero axis .
truth: return a multivariate zero . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  register a .
truth: register a . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  memset --> user[:passwd] .
truth: fill *size* bytes starting from *ptr* with *value* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns a boolean reflecting a value from the given dataset .
truth: create a bigqueryclient . 
test:  build   null
truth:  create   a

test:  calculate the polygon for a polygon .
truth: construct the vertex list which defines the polygon filling the space under the line graph . 
test:  return   searches
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator to cause that the current user name .
truth: decorator for restricting access to either the target user or admin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  yield pieces of data from a file-like object until eof is to be saved .
truth: yield the given file object in chunks . 
test:  is   loop
truth:  yield   null

test:  return a string of random chars with specified length .
truth: returns a random word given the source of characters to pick from and resulting length . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reload the named service cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  convert an shape to a new color shape .
truth: return shape normalized to 6d imagej hyperstack tzcyxs . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   shape

test:  |including_filepath| complete view .
truth: redirected to once an order is complete - pass the order object for tracking items via google anayltics . 
test:  display   a
truth:  to   null

test:  iterates through the given job to emit a job to be sent via the given job .
truth: notify the jobs board when a new job has been submitted for approval . 
test:  wraps   display
truth:  notify   notify

test:  stop the named service .
truth: stop the named service . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a soap enveloped tree .
truth: parses a soap enveloped saml thing and returns header parts and body . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  make sure the path is not running .
truth: ensures appscale is not running as this is an offline script . 
test:  load   null
truth:  ensures   appscale

test:  loads any attribute .
truth: configure blueprints in views . 
test:  registers   configure
truth:  configure   blueprints

test:  remove the list of elements of a list or sequence .
truth: remove_duplicates => [3 . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   null

test:  gpu_from_host -> gpudot gpu_from_host -> extract_diagonal .
truth: gpu_from_host -> gpudot dot -> host_from_gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gpu_from_host   null

test:  counts the number of values in an iterator .
truth: count the number of items in seq like the builtin len but works on lazy sequencies . 
test:  count   null
truth:  count   count

test:  get harris points that are uploaded chunk of the chunk of distances .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   feature
truth:  return   corners

test:  returns true if the request is a ratelimited .
truth: ratelimiting helper for kbforum threads and replies . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   helper

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: return flattened resource metadata without nested structures and with all values converted to unicode strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a version of module .
truth: returns module object . 
test:  lookup   returns
truth:  module   module

test:  return event object configured to the event given an event object .
truth: return event to a postgres server require that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   event
truth:  return   event

test:  display a node .
truth: create a node by staff members . 
test:  edit   windows
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a file with the given file .
truth: parameters: filename: name of . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  display a list of items .
truth: return a clipped comma-separated representation of the list . 
test:  normalize   list
truth:  return   a

test:  link to a user role for a user .
truth: sphinx role for linking to a user profile . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   role

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the beaglebone black gpio component .
truth: setup lirc capability . 
test:  start   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: grails requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:log plugin <slack+plugin> when build is md5 .
truth: yaml: grails execute a grails build step . 
test:  null   snapshot
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys the named container .
truth: unregister and destroy a vm cli example: . 
test:  -   a
truth:  unregister   null

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  like stream_encode_multipart .
truth: open a file safely . 
test:  to   a
truth:  open   a

test:  check if remote version isnt a python interpreter .
truth: checks if were running python 2 . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  translate contributors summary of degrees of degrees .
truth: computes the contributors summary for a given collection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  normal test on file lock .
truth: test on file lock . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the eq-3 ble sensors .
truth: setup the thinkingcleaner platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  this view is for a view that uses the sendfile view .
truth: dummy sendfile backend implementation . 
test:  request   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  loads a module given its path .
truth: load a python module from its absolute filesystem path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return the current active window .
truth: return the active window for the current application . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  take a callback that checks that the user is logged in .
truth: function and class decorator that abstracts the authentication and permission checks for api views . 
test:  generates   decorator
truth:  function   function

test:  list all episodes for a particular resource .
truth: log history of snatch . 
test:  call   a
truth:  log   history

test:  converts any hex characters in hex to rgb .
truth: change a hex color to an rgb tuple . 
test:  to   a
truth:  change   a

test:  create a new compiler to use in the compiler climate by the given compiler .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  simulates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this should not allow generators to override strings to crash .
truth: no exception raised if resource is the same . 
test:  is   redirect
truth:  exception   exception

test:  checks integrity of picks .
truth: guarantee type integrity of picks . 
test:  check   function
truth:  guarantee   type

test:  waits for the element to become a given script .
truth: tries to find an element with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the path to the been downloaded .
truth: this method returns search description . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: create a metadata-schema tag or raise if it already exists . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  iterate over genbank formatted entries as a single record .
truth: breaks up an embl file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   disconnect
truth:  breaks   up

test:  luhn the luhn card of the head of the number of fractional card .
truth: test whether a bankcard number passes the luhn algorithm . 
test:  function   a
truth:  test   test

test:  select an item or a list of strings .
truth: permissive sql select idempotent sa . 
test:  select   null
truth:  null   sql

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic cosine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  mock assumed .
truth: a function that mocks storage . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  function   function

test:  fake function to format the html arguments with a single string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  to   null

test:  return a string with all words in text replaced with a single space .
truth: something really stupid that replaces quotes with escaped quotes . 
test:  text   a
truth:  null   something

test:  a decorator that asserts that the decorated validator doesnt add .
truth: a decorator that asserts the the decorated validator adds a given error message to the errors dict . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  when raising an exception .
truth: when raising an exception . 
test:  raising   null
truth:  raising   null

test:  add a trailing title to its string .
truth: return the title in the normal "the title" format; beware that it doesnt handle long imdb titles . 
test:  function   handle
truth:  return   return

test:  create a network .
truth: create a gce network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  show image with xxx .
truth: show image with foreground and background areas . 
test:  ask   plot
truth:  show   image

test:  display a schema version of the schema .
truth: admin view that displays the current schema_version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  view   view

test:  encode a python string as a valid python name or a python string .
truth: encode the given pdf name . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  regression test for url ensures that its outermost works as expected .
truth: see #1543 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  see   null

test:  returns the all the text from the node .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  deinstalls all pending threads when loading multiple times .
truth: internal function . 
test:  disable   expression
truth:  function   function

test:  transform an object to a dict of attributes .
truth: generic function to convert a pyrax object to a dict obj_type values: standard clb server . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  instructs chocolatey to add a source from the system .
truth: instructs chocolatey to add a source . 
test:  instructs   a
truth:  instructs   chocolatey

test:  helper to correct orientation data for points1 .
truth: correct orientations of mesh faces . 
test:  server   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  retrieve a notebook with the given list of resources .
truth: configure the default output state to generate output in jupyter/ipython notebook cells when :func:show is called . 
test:  output   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  verify the python module is the correct type .
truth: checks if a python package or module is importable . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  this sets or comment admin for a comment .
truth: return the admin urls for the comment app used . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  render a template into django .
truth: wrapper around django render to extend context . 
test:  provided   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  sets the modules verbosity .
truth: sets the modules counting options . 
test:  sets   copy
truth:  sets   sets

test:  a compatibility function .
truth: compute the product . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  if you have a valid credentials for the tenant .
truth: set the credentials directly . 
test:  set   hook
truth:  set   set

test:  given a vpc peering connection .
truth: delete a vpc peering connection . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  validates configurations for basic functionality of header specified by the currency .
truth: common validation for currency and price list currency . 
test:  validate   boolean
truth:  null   validation

test:  this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up .
truth: this needs to be a method so it gets called after the test database is set up . 
test:  needs   null
truth:  needs   null

test:  returns a list of occurrences of occurrences of a resource .
truth: return a list of locations if unsure is true . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the repository that a given repository belongs to .
truth: set git symbolic ref into head . 
test:  returns   resolves
truth:  git   git

test:  restart the container .
truth: restart the container . 
test:  download   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  list permissions for all available permissions cli example: .
truth: list permissions . 
test:  display   permissions
truth:  list   permissions

test:  checks if folder is hidden as hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a full header value like rfc-1123 into a tuple with the the parameters .
truth: returns the unit and a list of tuples of ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  do the actual array of array elements .
truth: return a permutation function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a volume .
truth: convert a volume to a dataset name . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make a length of the passed in a sequence .
truth: identify values of special angles . 
test:  null   null
truth:  identify   values

test:  new dashboard widget .
truth: add a widget to the dashboard . 
test:  create   add
truth:  add   a

test:  split a string by the source string .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  to   split
truth:  split   split

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: incident categories . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   categories

test:  clean a unicode string by stripping it comes into a unicode string .
truth: remove non-alphanumeric characters from the string . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates the command line that will read the user .
truth: setup argument parsing . 
test:  command   null
truth:  setup   argument

test:  returns true if string is an ipv4 address .
truth: cheezy fake test for proper identifier-ness . 
test:  function   check
truth:  fake   fake

test:  remove the locks that are uploaded with this function .
truth: remove unused locks that do not currently lock any package . 
test:  text   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the maximum number of previous sum .
truth: computes signal energy of frame . 
test:  return   percentage
truth:  signal   signal

test:  return a human-readable code which will be appended to a human readable error .
truth: lookup the error code description . 
test:  gets   error
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  yaml: exclusion ensure that build a build as resources .
truth: yaml: exclusion add a resource to use for critical sections to establish a mutex on . 
test:  null   characters
truth:  null   null

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is registered .
truth: decorator that checks if the user is logged in and has completed the signup process . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  struct_declaration_list a list of full names .
truth: a sane implementation of os . 
test:  using   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a hex color to a color object .
truth: take a hex string *s* and return the corresponding rgb 3-tuple example: #efefef -> . 
test:  hex   hex
truth:  take   a

test:  return the given warning name .
truth: get the skypename of the currently logged in user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sends a notification event to the specified event .
truth: send email notification . 
test:  send   null
truth:  email   email

test:  join the given value with the given values .
truth: convert a nested list of strings to a shell command . 
test:  join   args
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the repository directory for a repository .
truth: create a catpipe object or reuse the already existing one . 
test:  import   in
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively converts 2 items in string to strings .
truth: return byte strings for all items . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  byte   byte

test:  return the intersection graph with randomly chosen attribute sets for each node that are of g .
truth: return a uniform random intersection graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of documents and products for each locale .
truth: returns a tuple of lists of articles that apply to topics and products . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of batch normalization for the given graph .
truth: extract correspondences for learning bn population statistics . 
test:  get   subgraph
truth:  extract   null

test:  create a list with items from the xml tree .
truth: convert a list of items to an alfred xml feedback message . 
test:  make   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  train a dataset .
truth: train model . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  model   model

test:  a service that instantiates a thread to the daemon .
truth: read a reply from the daemon . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  read   a

test:  logs the message and fire the protocol .
truth: fire the fake pilight message . 
test:  send   message
truth:  fire   fire

test:  return numpy array of length arguments for numpy arrays .
truth: constructs a numpy array of objects . 
test:  creates   return
truth:  constructs   a

test:  delete profiler .
truth: delete profiler . 
test:  deletes   acl
truth:  delete   profiler

test:  returns api relationship for the current thread .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   api

test:  list all users on the database .
truth: list all registered views . 
test:  password   flask
truth:  list   list

test:  given a list .
truth: joins a list of locations into a pipe separated string . 
test:  arg   a
truth:  joins   a

test:  return a lexer code of a lexer .
truth: lex code with lexer and return an iterable of tokens . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: the available version of the package in the repository . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that wrap keys can be different type of an empty key .
truth: test whether a new table inherits the primary_key attribute from its parent table . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  if the generator doesnt need to be sent .
truth: calculate the generator specific info that gets fed to input . 
test:  required   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a list of sql statements required to remove all data from all sql statements .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  cryptographically a task that tries to a task .
truth: wrap a functor to transfer context . 
test:  to   threshold
truth:  wrap   a

test:  returns the number of instances for the specified module version .
truth: return the number of instances that are set for the given module version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  write a single-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a 32-bit integer tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  a view that returns the request data page .
truth: a simple view that returns the request data in the context . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   a

test:  build a full test harness: harness: - client - start client belong to the client .
truth: runs a hunt with a given set of clients mocks . 
test:  correlation   fetch
truth:  runs   a

test:  check that value is a list of strings .
truth: check that the value is a list of integers . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a new dashboard dashboard .
truth: return the number of new activities in the users dashboard . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add a path to sys .
truth: adds specified paths at specified index into the sys . 
test:  index   test
truth:  specified   null

test:  returns the ith order statistic .
truth: helper function to calculate symmetric quadratic form x . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  verify the error code doesnt choke errors .
truth: calls the function f with sys . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calls   calls

test:  validates that all flags we are present in the string .
truth: validates check influencing flags . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosine function .
truth: the two args are the value and tick position . 
test:  elementwise   return
truth:  null   null

test:  convert strings to unicode objects .
truth: convert strings to unicode objects . 
test:  convert   attempt
truth:  convert   strings

test:  unpack the data to a fitting format .
truth: unpack the data to a usable format . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated .
truth: alerts google that the sitemap for the current site has been updated . 
test:  null   google
truth:  null   google

test:  transforms the output of parse() into a human-readable string .
truth: transforms the output of parse() into a text object . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  retrieves   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  search for all packages to make it usable from the installed query .
truth: gather details from installed distributions . 
test:  searches   list
truth:  gather   details

test:  monkey-patch a new fit object with a operating type and returns it .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  returns true if a == is b .
truth: note in nopython mode . 
test:  null   null
truth:  note   in

test:  adapt the chart data as a string .
truth: adapt data to chart type . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  adapt   data

test:  do any bound contributors .
truth: contributors across the site . 
test:  change   a
truth:  null   contributors

test:  test that unicode messages arent saved .
truth: test that unicode values are preserved . 
test:  make   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test in a file .
truth: require that a file exists . 
test:  like   null
truth:  require   null

test:  process telnet test .
truth: process show version using telnet . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   show

test:  match a command list of alias objects .
truth: match the text against an action and return the action reference . 
test:  given   a
truth:  match   match

test:  uploads a cookie cookie file .
truth: upload_mode - const . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  -   -

test:  check that the evaluation report works .
truth: test evaluation report . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   evaluation

test:  helper to create summaries for summaries .
truth: helper to create summaries for activations . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure that name is not installed .
truth: check if bracket is lowercase . 
test:  validates   a
truth:  if   check

test:  a decorator to enforce a backend to its backend .
truth: log the method entrance and exit including active backend name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  log   log

test:  return a dict of the current user .
truth: get a specific dashboard . 
test:  show   function
truth:  get   a

test:  write 1e6 units at a time .
truth: write one unit at a time . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   one

test:  return a list of stable nn with []unique .
truth: uniq_stable -> list return from an iterable . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a queue object to a coroutine or a dictionary .
truth: converts exceptions to a dict for use in notifications . 
test:  exception   mail
truth:  converts   exceptions

test:  verify that rbenv is installed and install rbenv .
truth: verify that rbenv is installed . 
test:  to   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  compare alpha and ordered order .
truth: simple ordered sequential comparison of means vals : array_like means or rankmeans for independent groups incomplete . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  ordered   null

test:  fetches a libzmq based on a url .
truth: download and extract libzmq . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  download   download

test:  show all the rows for the given contributor dashboard table .
truth: show all the rows for the given localizer dashboard table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  show   show

test:  handles empty and invalid values for sort sort sort sort levels .
truth: handles empty and invalid values for sort and sort order . 
test:  empty   handles
truth:  empty   handles

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  null   builder

test:  find the binary representation of the matching of the input array .
truth: ndim permutations with repetitions of . 
test:  plot   array
truth:  null   permutations

test:  gets the current revision from the wiki revision .
truth: gets the data for the past week and formats it as return value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  process the list of regions for a set of strings .
truth: produce a matrix from a list of lists of its components . 
test:  bytes   null
truth:  produce   a

test:  returns a calculators source string .
truth: returns a list of calculator function objects that implements aggregations by calculating on retrieved results . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  clean out the cached database from the master .
truth: called in the masters event loop every loop_interval . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  called   in

test:  imports the class of the given python object .
truth: create astroid for a living class object . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  create   astroid

test:  returns permissions for given user and object pair .
truth: returns permissions for given user and object pair . 
test:  returns   user
truth:  returns   permissions

test:  stop a droplet in a vm .
truth: stop a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  return local threshold of an image .
truth: local threshold of an image . 
test:  threshold   threshold
truth:  threshold   threshold

test:  fetches the list of activities for a given user .
truth: return an sqlalchemy query for all activities from or about user_id . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  return   return

test:  converts the given file with translated characters .
truth: takes a multi-line string and does the following: - dedents - converts newlines with text before and after into a single line - strips leading and trailing whitespace . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  create a new adderror method .
truth: create a new printerrors method that prints errorclasses items as well . 
test:  print   a
truth:  create   a

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  formats a task as a relative time .
truth: formats a task eta as a relative time string . 
test:  formats   strategy
truth:  formats   a

test:  send a process to a daemon process .
truth: register a process handler for the given pid . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  returns the event transaction id for this event .
truth: retrieves the current event transaction id from the request cache . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  apply 2to3 tool to python sources .
truth: apply 2to3 tool to python sources . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the content type of the desired header .
truth: choose most appropriate supported type based on what client accepts . 
test:  backported   install
truth:  choose   null

test:  this will return the last occurred for the given request .
truth: return the courseware module url that the user last accessed . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  return   return

test:  copy a string to a static number .
truth: converts an labjackud valid string to its constant value . 
test:  converts   something
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for labels and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for labels and return a dict with a label-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns the euler totient function .
truth: return the b-smooth and b-power smooth values of n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  apply function to values of dictionary .
truth: apply function to keys of dictionary . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a commit repository .
truth: parse a string referring to a single commit . 
test:  turn   lines
truth:  parse   a

test:  check if the required dependencies are present in the database .
truth: check for installed apps . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  check   check

test:  yaml: scoverage enable scoverage .
truth: yaml: scoverage publish scoverage results as a trend graph . 
test:  null   clamav
truth:  null   null

test:  given a url .
truth: remove escape character | from url . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  get the arounds from the loop .
truth: get the arounds from the loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of all the arguments in the given arguments .
truth: encodes |list| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  list   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  retrieve all usage usage associated with a given project and refresh associated for a given project .
truth: refresh the quota usages . 
test:  retrieve   set
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  return the variables that contribute to those and the variables as one .
truth: extract list of variables between i and o nodes via dfs traversal and chooses the orphans among them parameters i : list input variables . 
test:  search   null
truth:  list   list

test:  stop recording rpc .
truth: start recording rpc traces . 
test:  starts   start
truth:  start   recording

test:  put html posts into the template context .
truth: update the blog post cache . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  update   update

test:  this creates a new user with administrator permissions .
truth: create a user . 
test:  prompts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a suitable suitable for the given keypair .
truth: create a new 4096-bit rsa key pair . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a tuple containing the maximum 1d points .
truth: calculates inconsistency statistics on a linkage matrix . 
test:  returns   network
truth:  calculates   inconsistency

test:  sort a row element-wise using the given string .
truth: translate column names for sorting . 
test:  string   releases
truth:  translate   column

test:  given an image object or a disk image .
truth: disk image types are used to determine where the kernel will reside within an image . 
test:  set   image
truth:  null   image

test:  splithost --> host[:port] .
truth: splithost --> host[:port] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a static web wsgi filter for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  clear the db contents .
truth: clear the db contents . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a list of tuples for a given package .
truth: return all conda version strings for a specified package name . 
test:  grab   attribute
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the local system id on the partition .
truth: sets the system id for the partition . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  closes a draft .
truth: initiates a multi-send session by creating a new multi-send draft . 
test:  send   a
truth:  null   a

test:  iterate the statements in the subshell .
truth: for each named policy in the policy document . 
test:  set   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that dist is a message object .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  if   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  determine whether it makes any sense to use reuse_db with a connection .
truth: return true if reuse_db is a sensible option for the backend . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the output of a components to disk .
truth: sets a cmake variable to a list . 
test:  call   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  bilinear -- get rid of a text .
truth: newegg <item name> - searches newegg . 
test:  grabs   null
truth:  null   null

test:  copies a file or a directory to an existing location .
truth: copies values from one array to another with broadcasting . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copies   values

test:  wrapper to return a brick connector object .
truth: wrapper to get a brick connector object . 
test:  provide   wrapper
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  remove the directories which come a file .
truth: erase temporary directories that were created by the get_tmp_dir() function and that are still present . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  erase   temporary

test:  preprocesses a file .
truth: process all include directives in the specified file . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  process   process

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: wrapper for request_response . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  create a default signal map for this system .
truth: make the default signal map for this system . 
test:  create   create
truth:  make   null

test:  shortcut for ssh command to run a child command on a remote host .
truth: run command on client_ip . 
test:  run   run
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the nth cosine with a lower case .
truth: return the order of x in the multiplicative group mod m . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a unicode string into unicode .
truth: convert a byte path string to a unicode string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  update a namespace record .
truth: update a namespace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   a

test:  return the number of bytes needed for the given number of bytes .
truth: get some random bytes from the prng as a string . 
test:  package   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves single group type by id .
truth: retrieves single group type by id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  only load the module if bluetooth is installed .
truth: only load this module if the ldap config is set . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a list of the named colors .
truth: return the global mapping of names to named colors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the end of the array a .
truth: bubble sort: compare adjacent elements of the list left-to-right . 
test:  null   count
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the found/visible function that converts a negative image into a dictionary of texture texture the same in sparse notation .
truth: return true if fstruct1 subsumes fstruct2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all records for a given subdirectory .
truth: returns all the stored data at or below the given path for the given dom_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a human-readable string if the app is not met .
truth: returns httperror with 404 not found error from the active application . 
test:  send   message
truth:  httperror   httperror

test:  test the default values for default values .
truth: test default event_id . 
test:  test   test
truth:  default   default

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the join notification service . 
test:  boolean   get
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that value is a valid name of the domain .
truth: validates that the given value contains no whitespaces to prevent common typos . 
test:  validates   parses
truth:  validates   validates

test:  setup the product platform .
truth: set up the uber sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  returns the combined name for the given ip .
truth: resolve the given name to an ip address . 
test:  null   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  extracts the html from the url and return the html string .
truth: parses html for a tag like: <meta http-equiv="refresh" content="0;url=url" /> example can be found at: url 5617800926 . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  parses   html

test:  ensure the named user is absent .
truth: make sure the user is not in the specified htpasswd file name user name htpasswd_file path to the htpasswd file runas the system user to run htpasswd command with . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  make   null

test:  make a plot .
truth: load the results from the file filename . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  load   load

test:  retrieve a method at a method with a method name .
truth: get all methods defined in a class . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  try to find all the possible logs .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  import   a

test:  determine scale for the first complex segments .
truth: return *true* if *s1* and *s2* intersect . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  list all the manifest .
truth: list resources to load specifying either: mods: a comma separated string listing modules db: a database name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   resources

test:  validate and parse an error message .
truth: oneof has multiple schemas . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  has   null

test:  publish a configured event from a queue with an application name .
truth: publish an old-style event to a new-style observer . 
test:  publish   null
truth:  publish   null

test:  creates a new consumer .
truth: accept-all-connections websocket . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  null   websocket

test:  detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage .
truth: detects logos in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  text   download
truth:  detects   logos

test:  dummy variable for continuous variables parameters x : array-like shape : array-like returns shape : writeme .
truth: a function that returns an array of ones of the given shape . 
test:  null   argument
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the mutual regression regression regression regression .
truth: estimate mutual information for a continuous target variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  delete a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a property or raise if it or namespace doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the amount of cpu supported on the cpu .
truth: return supported instances for a node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  supported   return

test:  converts a string of bytes into a list of bytes .
truth: unbits -> str converts an iterable of bits into a string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to look for valid account on credentials .
truth: obtain gcp credentials by trying various methods . 
test:  email   helper
truth:  obtain   gcp

test:  schedule the schedule .
truth: set flag for scheduler restart . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  flag   flag

test:  make sure that the figure preserves height settings .
truth: make sure that the figure preserves height settings . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  get a certificates by name .
truth: fetch the x509 root cert . 
test:  compress   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  copy a temporary file .
truth: copy the file src to dst . 
test:  copy   move
truth:  copy   copy

test:  fetch the links .
truth: download the page at url and parse it for links . 
test:  to   a
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a tal channel .
truth: parse time-stamped annotation lists in stim_channel . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  helper method to location a location of a random data fashion .
truth: custom s3method return a list of parents for a location . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  modules home page .
truth: modules home page . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   home

test:  generate sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple and hub sequences . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a list of data from a buffer .
truth: given a sequence of bytes . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  given   a

test:  used by unit tests to reset the model .
truth: clear the brain used by enforce() . 
test:  used   current
truth:  clear   null

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to dictionary with a dictionary .
truth: create pydot node from dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   create

test:  check if the directory is in the exclude list .
truth: check if the directory is in the exclude list . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dictionary of the dependencies of readme from the readme interface .
truth: return a dictionary of readme files contained in the single repository being installed so they can be displayed on the tool panel section selection page . 
test:  return   transform
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dict of the configured virtual host cli example: .
truth: display a process status from monit cli example: . 
test:  to   enable
truth:  display   a

test:  get the replacement for a given cluster .
truth: returns the two children of this cluster if its a merged cluster; raises an exception if this is a leaf cluster . 
test:  null   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the list of file logs from s3 .
truth: fetch the list of file names from s3 . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  split a path string into a path and a column extension string .
truth: converts a path_info string to layer name . 
test:  split   returns
truth:  converts   a

test:  given an image file .
truth: return base vm image and kernel . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  base   base

test:  read a socket of the given socket .
truth: reads exactly n bytes from socket raises socketerror if there isnt enough data . 
test:  read   null
truth:  reads   null

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get metadata-schema tags or raise if none exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to find an element with given id .
truth: tries to find an element with given id with an explicit timeout . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  constructs a wsgi request that uses the history library .
truth: a cherrypy wsgiserver-compatible wrapper . 
test:  drop   null
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the path to the programs menu .
truth: get the path to the programs menu . 
test:  look   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a new wcs .
truth: generates a new random secret for use with wamp-cra . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  make a user a group .
truth: make a user a member of an organization . 
test:  is   a
truth:  make   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: skin a gcode linear move text . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  null   a

test:  copy the data files to one directory .
truth: copies a file from mezzanines test data path to media_root . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copies   a

test:  helper method for __proxy__ xenapi from a canonical location .
truth: turn a swiss location position into a seqfeature position object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  function which will execute a function in a separate function .
truth: execute fun with the given args and kwargs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   fun

test:  send notification event .
truth: show system notification with duration t . 
test:  send   send
truth:  show   system

test:  link to the bokeh .
truth: link to a bokeh github issue . 
test:  function   link
truth:  to   link

test:  creates a temporary directory that is a temporary dir .
truth: a with-context that creates a temporary directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  for elemwise nodes .
truth: check that the path from loc1 to loc2 is clear . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update or add resource from resource in resource dstpath .
truth: update or add resource data from file srcpath in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  ask   update
truth:  update   update

test:  load a product .
truth: loads the data necessary for instantiating a client from file storage . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  assign a single service to the named service .
truth: assign _get_conn and _cache_id functions to the named module . 
test:  assign   a
truth:  assign   null

test:  parse pty-req data from the data into usable data .
truth: parse the data from a pty-req request into usable data . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a testsuite that has all the flask tests .
truth: a testsuite that has all the flask tests . 
test:  null   testsuite
truth:  null   testsuite

test:  for a date .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value . 
test:  return   series
truth:  function   function

test:  list the :meth:xblock from a opkg .
truth: download packages to the local disk . 
test:  download   package
truth:  download   packages

test:  return the value for the current configuration configuration .
truth: return configuration value for the key specified as name argument . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   configuration

test:  return a list of hosts on the system .
truth: return a list of virtual machine names on the minion cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the browser widget for a worktree .
truth: return a widget for immediate use . 
test:  function   set
truth:  return   a

test:  return the dictionaries for the current thread .
truth: ensure that we are grabbing the correct scope . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  changes the csrf token in the csrf token should be created for the csrf point/home point/home - sudo the csrf token should be deleted .
truth: changes the csrf token in use for a request - should be done on login for security purposes . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return the list of author name of the user with the most recent user .
truth: returns formatted author name with email . 
test:  to   a
truth:  formatted   formatted

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   message
truth:  null   resource

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros and values of the airy function ai and its derivative . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  link content to removed the current page .
truth: for all contents removed from generation queue update interlinks link to the native location . 
test:  content   generator
truth:  null   null

test:  calculate a loss size for a given step size .
truth: compute automatic step size for sag solver the step size is set to 1 / where l is the max sum of squares for over all samples . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  take a function and a function to discover the function to process all versions in parallel .
truth: each element in the arglist used to create a subcommand object . 
test:  execute   multiple
truth:  null   element

test:  renders a form for rendering .
truth: create a template that renders a form . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the psychopy version .
truth: manage paths and checkout psychopy libraries for requested versions of psychopy . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  manage   paths

test:  given an entity primary key .
truth: get entity from memcache if available . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  get   entity

test:  removes a list of mod['module'] for a group .
truth: return a list of the new modules . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of all the descriptors for all descriptors .
truth: returns all the . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of choices choices for the given script .
truth: generates list of script choice in the admin interface . 
test:  get   connection
truth:  list   list

test:  download and install rpc-server for mobsf .
truth: create the autostart binary and run it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  create   create

test:  generator for a single iterator .
truth: splits x into equal sized chunks . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  splits   x

test:  gets the timedelta object from the unit conversion .
truth: return an integer multiplier allowing to convert from timedeltas of *src_unit* to *dest_unit* . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects .
truth: decorator for filters which should only receive unicode objects . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  check that the supplied line is a cursor .
truth: checks that there are no rows in tips with duplicate . 
test:  have   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a new equalizer .
truth: create a new default equalizer . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  creates and returns a synchronization instance .
truth: returns the save() method for a form_for_instance form . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression: minus expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a schema schema to a list of search class .
truth: produce schemaentries from db . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  produce   null

test:  return a generator that generates a sequence of filters from a named file .
truth: same as tmpdir but also adds/removes it to the front of sys . 
test:  null   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  rc4 plotting to a valid code .
truth: preprocess a code by removing comments . 
test:  returns   attributes
truth:  preprocess   a

test:  sets up the os .
truth: try to increase resource limits of the os . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with tuple being a tuple with versioninfo and return it as tuple with tuple .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  project notifications view and return a project notifications .
truth: project notifications delete confirmation view . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  project   notifications

test:  load a module .
truth: load or reload the specified module . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  converts a datetime object to a time zone .
truth: convert an aware datetime to local time and return the values date . 
test:  converts   datetime
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the euler totient function of order n .
truth: return a list of multivariate zeros . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  function to use and return the delay .
truth: decorator for deprecated properties . 
test:  null   updates
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a string of a function name to a std string .
truth: match what old profile produced . 
test:  to   a
truth:  match   match

test:  return llite stats from directory .
truth: read llite stats file . 
test:  return   show
truth:  read   read

test:  test evoked data .
truth: test for detrending evoked data . 
test:  reading   verifies
truth:  test   test

test:  find the python traceback with trailing whitespace removed .
truth: scan subprocess stderr for python traceback . 
test:  return   a
truth:  scan   subprocess

test:  yaml: critical enable critical in the console for the project .
truth: yaml: critical-block-start designate the start of a critical block . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   null

test:  a scenario matches with tags should respond with true when the scenario matches exactly tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with -~ it will exclude that tag from that fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   purges
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a text file from a directory .
truth: generates a file by applying token replacements to the given template file templatefilename: a list of template file names; these files are assumed to be in the same directory as the running expgenerator . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  error message if interrupt is interrupt .
truth: a helper for making system calls immune to eintr . 
test:  return   exit
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns the leading coeffcient of f .
truth: returns the leading term of f . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sample host interface according to the specified parameters .
truth: create new host interface note: this function accepts all standard host group interface: keyword argument names differ depending on your zabbix version . 
test:  host   host
truth:  create   new

test:  load sys .
truth: import given locustfile path and return . 
test:  import   contents
truth:  given   import

test:  verify that a formatting item doesnt restore anything .
truth: verify user mapping object works with string formatting . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   user

test:  resource component page .
truth: constructs a div of component links for a s3restrequest . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  constructs   a

test:  helper to recursive decorator for filters .
truth: given a relative path like a/b/c/d . 
test:  given   djangos
truth:  given   a

test:  return a standard pydot instance from a pydot .
truth: create a pydot graph from a networkx graph . 
test:  shutdown   expressions
truth:  create   a

test:  deprecated endpoint .
truth: take in an evented request . 
test:  echo   null
truth:  take   in

test:  convert s to int or int .
truth: if not none . 
test:  s   s
truth:  if   null

test:  update a supply by a category .
truth: virtual field: category . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   virtual

test:  loads a modules setting for the given name .
truth: load a list of modules from a module setting . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  given a list of tasks and a list of tasks .
truth: handle extracting tasks from a given list of variables . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  returns the access token from the google query .
truth: get the access_token for the app . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string like position for an position in the data .
truth: parse a quoted string starting at position start in data . 
test:  pass   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns the nearest seeds transform of x to search for x .
truth: zfill -> string pad a numeric string x with zeros on the left . 
test:  map   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert column to a column that gives a column .
truth: fixes column names so that they are compatible with numpy on python 2 . 
test:  using   undo
truth:  fixes   column

test:  check for explicit files that need to translate the _ function for the _ function to ensure that we need to translate logs logs are explicitly importing the _ function
truth: check for explicit import of the _ function we need to ensure that any files that are using the _() function to translate logs are explicitly importing the _ function . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  tidies a file .
truth: unquotes a valid uri path back to its filename . 
test:  doing   cast
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  multiplies the values in a tensor .
truth: multiply the values in a tensor . 
test:  multiplies   variance
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  private function that returns a random discrete dp x .
truth: generate a discretedp randomly . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  compute factors and q of the private exponent d .
truth: compute factors p and q from the private exponent d . 
test:  return   factors
truth:  factors   factors

test:  restart the network .
truth: do this if the vm wont connect to the internet . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  do   null

test:  returns whether or not given object is closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the screen for a standard standard coordinate buffer .
truth: sets the console size for a standard buffer . 
test:  set   up
truth:  sets   sets

test:  create the command line to be passed .
truth: create the parser that will be used to add arguments to the script . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  add x intersection indexes indexes from the loop .
truth: add the x intersection indexes for a loop . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return the agent settings for this minion .
truth: determine the value of the snmp syscontact . 
test:  list   metadata
truth:  determine   null

test:  marks a view function as exempt by the csrf middleware .
truth: modifies a view function so that its response is exempt from the post-processing of the csrf middleware . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the list of zookeeper ips for this location .
truth: returns a handler for making zookeeper operations . 
test:  returns   session
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the error code is marked to the header_start .
truth: returns true if the last web request resulted in a dbms error page . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieves the service type from the function .
truth: retrieves service type from function . 
test:  get   service
truth:  retrieves   service

test:  check if we can still mark a good time .
truth: test that config magic does not raise can happen if configurable init is moved too early into magics . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of record for host .
truth: return the txt record for host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  changes the localetuple encoding for the given language .
truth: builds a locale code from the given tuple . 
test:  given   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  use in a sql string to make it usable in a pep database .
truth: use in a sql string to make a spot for a db value . 
test:  use   in
truth:  use   in

test:  get the parent of this component .
truth: convience function for finding the parent xmlschema instance . 
test:  xml   null
truth:  function   function

test:  helper to check to see if a cpaste code object should be detected .
truth: execute code via cpaste and ensure it was executed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  code   code

test:  return the data in a hash .
truth: dump to a file . 
test:  null   rewrite
truth:  to   null

test:  test that passing masked columns in fill_values should only replace matching columns or multi .
truth: test that passing masked values in fill_values should only replace masked columns or values for multidimensional tables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the given url has a valid url .
truth: returns true if cache has url . 
test:  to   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  a context manager that disables the environment .
truth: context manager for patching the operating system environment . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  return true if the given object is a pointer object .
truth: whether the llvm type *typ* is a struct type . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  strongly inspired from idlelib .
truth: strongly inspired from sublime highlighter . 
test:  inspired   null
truth:  inspired   null

test:  return the format that the comment format was uploaded with the given vim .
truth: returns a 4-element tuple representing the comment format for the current file . 
test:  retrieve   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the current page is swapping or false .
truth: if the loader is currently being swapped :return: boolean . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  check the certificate about the certificate request .
truth: bootstraps the html view template with some default configuration parameters . 
test:  function   test
truth:  bootstraps   null

test:  initialize the rnn state .
truth: return the initialized rnn state . 
test:  initializes   state
truth:  return   return

test:  run a process and return its dict .
truth: function to execute node . 
test:  copy   run
truth:  to   function

test:  get the name of the file without the extension .
truth: get the file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  colors is a doctest .
truth: this is a do nothing function to provide you with help on how matplotlib handles colors . 
test:  is   code
truth:  is   null

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the returned object - except also contain the returned object is not dispatchable .
truth: similar to dispatchwithevents - except that the returned object is *not* also usable as the original dispatch object - that is the returned object is not dispatchable . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  reconid colors .
truth: reconstruct matrix from complex id . 
test:  convert   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  takes a list of heap and sorts them in ascending order .
truth: takes a list of integers and sorts them in ascending order . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  "xfs_info" "xfs_info" .
truth: return a horizontal line with optional colons to indicate columns alignment . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  copied from repoman .
truth: prepare a mock waterbutler response with httpretty . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  prepare   a

test:  search for series and return a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for series and return a dict with a series-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  opencl get_local_id() .
truth: opencl get_group_id() . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  prints the host string .
truth: this function is really a stub . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a condition to a condition .
truth: validate value is acceptable for conversion purposes . 
test:  return   parameter
truth:  value   value

test:  returns the inverse of a matrix .
truth: return true if all args are true . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the value of the user .
truth: return a django user or raise fixturemissingerror . 
test:  retrieve   try
truth:  return   a

test:  get vector3 from multiplier .
truth: get vector3 from multiplier . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  this returns a simple nobs_all back to the vary header for a given vary .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  fixes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  unsets a cookie by name .
truth: unsets a cookie by name . 
test:  unsets   a
truth:  unsets   a

test:  returns an iterator over all available services .
truth: this returns a dict have all microsite configs . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates the remote versions of remote sources .
truth: updates repo from remote sources . 
test:  set   set
truth:  updates   repo

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  how many video outputs does this media player have? .
truth: is this media player seekable? . 
test:  if   null
truth:  is   null

test:  start the file .
truth: helper for opening a pdf file . 
test:  start   attempts
truth:  null   helper

test:  print twitter api status limit .
truth: print current twitter api rate limit status . 
test:  print   current
truth:  print   current

test:  return true if this tree is equal to the tree .
truth: returns whether two etree elements are the same . 
test:  value   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a secret key for a secret .
truth: generates a signature . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a grid grid from plotly .
truth: returns the specified grid as a grid instance or in json/dict form . 
test:  display   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a set of all available functions that need to be last modified .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the cuda error object .
truth: returns none or an exception if the cuda driver fails to initialize . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   none

test:  returns the entity token for the given entity .
truth: return the xsrf token . 
test:  gets   generate
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a reference to the given reference with its children .
truth: return whether or not to trim footnote space . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap the api .
truth: rename hotfix branch to hotfix/<next-patch-version> and optionally finish hotfix . 
test:  update   null
truth:  rename   rename

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return an object that can be used for a file .
truth: quotes filename to use as a valid uri path . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  return the requested preferred output .
truth: get encoding that should be used for printing strings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  settings edit page .
truth: settings edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  emulate sqlobjects isnotnull .
truth: emulate sqlobjects isnull . 
test:  emulate   sqlobjects
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  test the compatibility of sigmoid class with calibration .
truth: test calibration values with platt sigmoid model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   calibration

test:  load all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: stop & reload firewall rules cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  stop   stop

test:  ensure that value is a string that we can load a regular expression .
truth: validates that the specified regular expression is valid . 
test:  label   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  things to set up later with the post functions .
truth: things to set up later . 
test:  to   things
truth:  to   things

test:  return the version of the git state this method is the data as a numeric git checkout .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  compute binary crossentropy .
truth: binary crossentropy . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  converts usage_key_string to a usagekey file for the given course .
truth: returns the deserialized usagekey object of the given usage_key_string for the given course . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that a column list of tables is a table definition .
truth: issue #927 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  issue   issue

test:  authenticate via pam .
truth: try and authenticate . 
test:  shared   authentication
truth:  try   try

test:  pairs of .
truth: if any permission passes . 
test:  pairs   pairs
truth:  if   null

test:  update opkg package definitions .
truth: update pacman package definitions . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   pacman

test:  get the list of users that have repetitive actions .
truth: return currently connected users as a list of namedtuples . 
test:  convert   users
truth:  return   return

test:  and returns a domain representing d1 and d2 and .
truth: or returns a domain representing d1 or d2 or . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of module names from a given module .
truth: return the list of module names that qualify as test modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the skeleton along an image .
truth: perform bilinear interpolation given along the image dimension dim -weights are the kernel weights -indicies are the crossponding indicies location return img resize along dimension dim . 
test:  to   compute
truth:  perform   bilinear

test:  call the first exceptions that is available in the first call .
truth: initial mapper compilation trigger . 
test:  start   null
truth:  null   mapper

test:  returns dataset from json stream .
truth: returns dataset from json stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  returns true if list is a list of strings .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  if   return
truth:  null   method

test:  format a datetime object for iso8601 formatted date .
truth: format a datetime object for iso8601 . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  check if the query has the correct package for this process .
truth: this function returns true iff stderr is a tty and we are not inside a repl . 
test:  to   check
truth:  function   function

test:  fit a provided functrion of the l**p function .
truth: given training values for x and y . 
test:  null   calculate
truth:  training   training

test:  gets the absolute path to the python file for the named python .
truth: gets the absolute path of the file to be included . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  raises a unitswarning if there is no password for the specified user .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  if   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  make rebulk .
truth: introspect a rebulk instance to grab defined objects and properties that can be generated . 
test:  context   data
truth:  null   a

test:  template tag to serve the context for your templates .
truth: template tag to serve stylesheets from django-pipeline . 
test:  gets   tag
truth:  tag   tag

test:  calculate the knapsack between values and ciphers .
truth: knapsack without repetition . 
test:  map   null
truth:  knapsack   null

test:  register namespace_handler to matplotlib units .
truth: register the unit conversion classes with matplotlib . 
test:  registers   accept
truth:  register   register

test:  update translated translations .
truth: update translated strings . 
test:  update   update
truth:  translated   update

test:  converts data types to stata types .
truth: converts dtype types to stata types . 
test:  dtype   numpy
truth:  dtype   dtype

test:  parses a string .
truth: passes white space from start and returns first identifier . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  passes   null

test:  calculate the variables used to generate the configuration for the build .
truth: calculate additional variables for use in the build . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns a list of directories to be assigned to the directory .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  remove   matching
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the categorical .
truth: equivalent of var . 
test:  place   null
truth:  null   equivalent

test:  setup the wink lights .
truth: setup the wink cover platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for decoding environment variables . 
test:  get   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  deletes a local cache .
truth: removes the local cache folder and the local cache files . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  adds a message to a feedback thread .
truth: sends the given message to the recipients of the given thread . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the status the status .
truth: returns the current raft peer set . 
test:  returns   status
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate a set of sequences .
truth: generate a set of simple sequences . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed format .
truth: convert an image to boolean format . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  builds the serial port spec for the managed arguments: auth_token : the vm spec : the vm of the arguments: port : the arguments: spec : the vm spec .
truth: creates config spec for serial port . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  config   config

test:  blocks all emails to a certain log .
truth: this is a implementation of the algorithm described in this paper: url messages must have the following properties: to_addr - [ . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  allow a user to see if a user has permission to access a staff .
truth: returns whether the user is allowed to upload attachments . 
test:  add   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a 28x28x[number of mnist images] matrix containing the raw mnist labels .
truth: returns a [number of mnist images]x1 matrix containing the labels for the mnist images . 
test:  load   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all repos in this company .
truth: lists all repos in <basedir> . 
test:  list   search
truth:  lists   lists

test:  builds a list of all tests .
truth: load and instantiate all client tests . 
test:  loads   run
truth:  load   load

test:  return the default type of a py type .
truth: get the python default value for a given model type . 
test:  given   get
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to build a firewall rule for http connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools .
truth: helper to build a firewall rule for https connections extra args will be passed to :py:func:~fabtools . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  validates event for listeners .
truth: validate event listeners . 
test:  validate   method
truth:  validate   event

test:  remove the zip file .
truth: remove the zip file . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  raises a one-dimensional password if a user does not exist .
truth: authenticates against djangos auth database mod_wsgi docs specify none . 
test:  to   function
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  add the x intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   loop
truth:  add   add

test:  decode a dbkey encoded string into a python type .
truth: decodes dbkey and returns tuple . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns the canonical path for a given python path .
truth: asserts that a path is writable and returns the expanded path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  content-disposition content-disposition .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  sends   null

test:  returns the known known settings .
truth: get all settings known to shuup . 
test:  returns   fetch
truth:  get   get

test:  update the local repository .
truth: update the cloned repository to changeset_revision . 
test:  update   context
truth:  update   update

test:  generate a reldict: record for a given payload .
truth: send a dns delete message to a nameserver for "name" dyndns_del -> result code example: dyndns_del rfc2136 . 
test:  is   strings
truth:  send   a

test:  get most recent common elements so that can take (i .
truth: pick the most recent snapshot that is common to two snapshot lists . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  pick   pick

test:  add the scatter and column to the given object .
truth: slices a given variable into approximately equal chunks and distributes them accross given gpus . 
test:  applies   function
truth:  slices   a

test:  return list of language codes for the given language code .
truth: returns a list of region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with outline . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  get   path

test:  disassociate all qos specs for specific qos specs .
truth: disassociate qos_specs from volume type . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   qos_specs

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: establish a connection to etcd . 
test:  get   profile
truth:  establish   a

test:  return the value for a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() .
truth: return the value of a single variable using the dictionary returned by get_config_vars() . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  estimate the gaussian state parameters .
truth: estimate the tied covariance matrix . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  check to see if the os is installed .
truth: perform platform-specific checks on desired packages . 
test:  check   check
truth:  perform   null

test:  read the viewfinder file .
truth: determine whether a desired pin is high(1) or low(0) . 
test:  read   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  check if virtual network device is prepend .
truth: prepend /dev/ to device entry of swap/ephemeral virtual type . 
test:  works   get
truth:  prepend   /dev/

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function jv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  compute   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  convenience function for _to_base_type() to add a post .
truth: submit user tags . 
test:  submit   user
truth:  submit   user

test:  this handler is called when the process is eventlet .
truth: this is the websocket handler function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  ticketstatus view .
truth: status view . 
test:  control   page
truth:  view   view

test:  list availability zones .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   show
truth:  list   list

test:  given a list of amount .
truth: utility function to get specified amount of random paragraphs . 
test:  given   function
truth:  function   function

test:  pull a collection of admin templates .
truth: pull a single field from the collection_query data . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  pull   a

test:  convert a subscription to a corresponding tuple .
truth: describe the given state . 
test:  converts   support
truth:  describe   null

test:  ensure the javascript message is logged in .
truth: make sure the given message was *not* logged via javascript . 
test:  make   parses
truth:  make   null

test:  verify a file with a simple __getattr__ .
truth: return dict of tests in this module . 
test:  if   pull
truth:  return   dict

test:  get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a complex path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported . 
test:  purges   purges
truth:  purges   purges

test:  convert unix ticks into a unix timestamp .
truth: construct an objet holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  use   function
truth:  construct   null

test:  update the local module down the module .
truth: updates an existing module on the server . 
test:  update   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  return an iterator over all values in a nested list .
truth: return running totals . 
test:  weighted   null
truth:  running   running

test:  changed an md5 file arguments: filename: -- the from a file to changed .
truth: compare the hash of a cython file to the cached hash value on disk . 
test:  md5sum   indentation
truth:  compare   compare

test:  given a list of names .
truth: given a list of file names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a fetch wrapper for the job .
truth: see module docstring . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  module   module

test:  find the shell available on this system .
truth: return the first acceptable shell-embed function from a given list of shell names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read user choice .
truth: prompt the user to choose from several options for the given variable . 
test:  read   prompt
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  create a metaclass for a total-variation class with a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  place a database that will match the database into the database .
truth: return the databases current migration number :retval version number . 
test:  display   a
truth:  return   return

test:  updates a url with the given url .
truth: function for producing a config dict for the redirect test . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  stacks arrays vertically .
truth: stacks arrays along the third axis . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  returns the trigger type from db given a string ref .
truth: returns the trigger type object from db given a string ref . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a camel .
truth: translate camelcasenames to camel case names . 
test:  translate   camelcasenames
truth:  translate   camelcasenames

test:  converts the given iterables to a flat dictionary .
truth: synchronize the given iterables in item-wise order . 
test:  return   version
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  this only checks to make sure the host is enabled .
truth: warn of potential typo . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  warn   null

test:  given a rule name .
truth: given a rule name . 
test:  given   check
truth:  given   a

test:  the first item in a sequence .
truth: the first element in a sequence . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  for each second weekend .
truth: if holiday falls on sunday or saturday . 
test:  if   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate config dict from user .
truth: generate an xml settings file that can be imported into a cdt project . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  attempts to stop a vm by a name and wait on it .
truth: tells virtualbox to stop a vm . 
test:  to   waits
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  testcase for the windows spectral logic .
truth: using registry hack for my documents . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  using   registry

test:  return the migration of the migration world .
truth: clear unclaimed_records for confirmed users . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  try to open a store_fs for a given project .
truth: create a store with numbered units . 
test:  defines   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function for attribute .
truth: parse a raw string in header . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate decimal fractions . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given the spline filter .
truth: smoothing spline filtering of a rank-2 array . 
test:  filter   sql
truth:  null   spline

test:  creates arguments for command-line arguments .
truth: construct command line arguments for given options . 
test:  create   command
truth:  command   command

test:  returns the number of active items for the queue history .
truth: get the currently in progress and active history queue . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a package directory return a list of all available python files and its subpackages :type src_directory: str .
truth: given a package directory return a list of all available python modules files in the package and its subpackages :type src_directory: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that local_gpu_elemwise_0 replaces gpu optimization .
truth: test that pdbbreakpoint ops dont block gpu optimization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change the username for this user cli example: .
truth: change the username for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return the list of available devices cli example: .
truth: show the current proxy server status . 
test:  return   custom
truth:  show   show

test:  a helper to escape a series of a specificed .
truth: wrap <pre> tags around some text and html-escape it . 
test:  text   wrap
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  parses a string and return a datetime .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  parses a str containing newline separated log entries .
truth: parses a str containing newline separated log entries . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  a decorator to convert a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid .
truth: decorator to turn a wsgi application into a :app:pyramid view callable . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the path to the device .
truth: accepts the root the path needs to be under and verifies that the path is under said root . 
test:  clean   version
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return string with all up before and reset the text .
truth: does the actual work for file . 
test:  swap   a
truth:  does   null

test:  convert binary data to nibbles .
truth: convert string s to nibbles . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  string   string

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: return a list containing the first values in iter . 
test:  time   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncate text for overstemmed these are represented by the overstemmed .
truth: representation method to override the datatables-internal truncation of strings per field . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   method

test:  a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction .
truth: a decorator that insures a function is run outside a transaction . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return available packet datacenter datacenter .
truth: return available packet projects . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  fill the defaults with an x .
truth: assuming a homogenous signature . 
test:  make   null
truth:  assuming   a

test:  helper function to process the background and process tasks .
truth: runs a command as a background process . 
test:  run   run
truth:  runs   a

test:  get the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: get current memory limit in bytes . 
test:  get   module
truth:  get   current

test:  it should download dependencies for wheels .
truth: it should download dependencies for wheels . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the service name for this service .
truth: show properties of a launchctl service . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  show   properties

test:  parse a file in the given path .
truth: run a command as a daemon . 
test:  close   null
truth:  run   a

test:  decorator that assign a method to each method in the complete module .
truth: defines a decorator function for tests that passes a unique youcompleteme instance as a parameter . 
test:  null   form
truth:  defines   a

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher returns a url for this build .
truth: yaml: url watch for changes in . 
test:  null   range
truth:  url   url

test:  login to the main command-line tool .
truth: entry point for the function that builds markdown help for the galaxy xsd . 
test:  according   netmiko
truth:  point   point

test:  create a slice of ssl ssl with the chart line .
truth: slice columns if grouped is pd . 
test:  given   a
truth:  slice   columns

test:  return a new theano indentation level .
truth: creates an indentation prefix string of the given size . 
test:  creates   context
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a list of public projects that have a specified user .
truth: return a list of a users public projects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  save handler for repo to sys .
truth: ensure that the importer caches dont have stale info for path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator that returns a function that takes a list of tuples as returned by the function as is called .
truth: construct a subtest in a unittest . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  construct   a

test:  change the environment dict of the supplied environment .
truth: supply the appropriate platform executable folders . 
test:  generates   uses
truth:  supply   null

test:  pick the best match for a given unit and b .
truth: get the best of two units . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  recursively delete a given directory .
truth: call fsync() a list of file names the filenames should be absolute paths already . 
test:  launch   null
truth:  call   call

test:  helper to compile a client .
truth: compile the c powerline-client script . 
test:  compile   function
truth:  compile   compile

test:  get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider .
truth: get-spider-stats <spider> - get stats of a running spider . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  redirect to the given request .
truth: generate a redirect to the given location . 
test:  converts   view
truth:  generate   a

test:  pull the repos to the remote remote .
truth: pull from remote via dulwich . 
test:  split   setup
truth:  pull   pull

test:  joins the given params with the static_url setting and appends the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: usage:: {% announcements as var %} returns a list of announcements . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  null   null

test:  concatenate variables along an axis .
truth: concatenate pandas objects along a particular axis with optional set logic along the other axes . 
test:  copies   null
truth:  pandas   pandas

test:  query the data from the minion .
truth: query a resource . 
test:  execute   query
truth:  query   a

test:  parse authorization grant header into a tuple with the value of the scheme .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   method
truth:  parse   parse

test:  estimate the maximum likelihood parameters of array .
truth: computes the sum of arr assuming arr is in the log domain . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  dynamically filepath for iam hmac algorithm .
truth: a trimmed down version of pythons hmac implementation . 
test:  returns   requests
truth:  trimmed   a

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute the digest for the given parameters . 
test:  modify   h
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return html processor processor .
truth: have to parse through the error codes to return a helpful message . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  signal that this template extends a parent template .
truth: signal that this template extends a parent template . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  signal   signal

test:  renders a list of all the questions for this app .
truth: renders the app list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  list   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  receive a single request with a socket .
truth: receive bytes over socket sock until we receive the suffix . 
test:  asserts   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  check to see if object is a container parameters obj : object object to look returns true or a container .
truth: test if an object is a container but not a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   test

test:  computes the maximum likelihood estimator for the feature probability distribution .
truth: compute the k-way softmax function inplace . 
test:  null   number
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape all non-alphanumeric characters or special characters in pattern .
truth: escape all the characters in pattern except ascii letters . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  converts a string with a unicode string .
truth: convert string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  string   string

test:  write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the parse_fasta or parse_fastq .
truth: write filtered input_seqs to output_seqs_f which contains only seqs_to_keep input_seqs can be the output of parse_fasta or parse_fastq . 
test:  filtered   null
truth:  filtered   null

test:  return a matrix of the form with the specified shape .
truth: read head of a field/method descriptor . 
test:  text   progress
truth:  read   head

test:  utility function to convert a json list to a list .
truth: used to modify a json string to a python list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the matrix multiplication using a matrix .
truth: discrete fourier transform matrix . 
test:  function   convert
truth:  null   discrete

test:  consume the iterator .
truth: consume the iterator entirely . 
test:  advance   a
truth:  consume   null

test:  format a human readable chunks .
truth: format a count of seconds to get a [h:]m:ss string . 
test:  float   formats
truth:  format   a

test:  type delete .
truth: validate if x-delete headers are have correct values values should be positive integers and correspond to a time in the future . 
test:  detect   delete
truth:  if   validate

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess colorless .
truth: testing the colorless output of failed with table . 
test:  output   output
truth:  testing   testing

test:  test resample .
truth: test resampling . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the major minor version .
truth: returns x . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   x

test:  returns information about all available xblocks that are available for the specified course .
truth: returns the desired initial state for the course outline view . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test fill chart chart rendering with serie .
truth: test fill option . 
test:  test   chart
truth:  fill   fill

test:  given a course_key .
truth: returns status for a specific task . 
test:  retrieves   get
truth:  returns   status

test:  nearest the complex to the next eigenvalues .
truth: get the next closest real or complex element based on distance . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if path given as a link .
truth: check if the path is a symbolic link cli example: . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  same as a approx b .
truth: a comparison mechanism for floats . 
test:  simulates   return
truth:  null   comparison

test:  instantiate a new dictionary with a single iteration .
truth: create a deferred and give it an exception result . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  skip test if predicate is :const:true .
truth: skip test if predicate is :const:false . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  remove the given path from the file system .
truth: error handler for shutil . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  error   handler

test:  create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid .
truth: create ec2 compatible volume by provided uuid . 
test:  create   ec2
truth:  create   ec2

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata key . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  start the specified time service cli example: .
truth: start the windows time service :return: true if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  generates a list of random pages for the given pages .
truth: get a list of random wikipedia article titles . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  load an image image .
truth: image must be a pointer . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   image

test:  convert s to float .
truth: a small helper function to convert a string to a numeric value if appropriate . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  parse a list of quantum to a corresponding type .
truth: parse a tree of multiplications starting at the given root . 
test:  see   null
truth:  parse   a

test:  construct the authn context with the authn context declaration .
truth: construct the authn context with a authn context declaration . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  list the python supported by the installed version of installed packages .
truth: select a supported python from a list . 
test:  select   strip
truth:  select   a

test:  unpack items of a list of files .
truth: args unpack and clear the specified keys into their corresponding files . 
test:  source   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the whittle dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  attaches a disk from the given vm to the given vm .
truth: attaches a new network interface to the given virtual machine . 
test:  attaches   a
truth:  attaches   a

test:  create_connection -> ~/abc object like socket .
truth: instantiate a proxy object(s) . 
test:  find   factory
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  find all lookup matches for the given expression .
truth: search a dictionary of target strings for matching targets this is the inverse of :py:func:match . 
test:  look   list
truth:  search   a

test:  unzip a files in a given directory .
truth: compress the given *dir* into a zip file at *out_path* . 
test:  compress   null
truth:  compress   null

test:  a hook for a extraordinary proxy method that tests the autocompletion attribute of a new-style proxy object .
truth: sessions gethookproxy() would cache conftests incorrectly . 
test:  step   test
truth:  null   sessions

test:  returns a list of data .
truth: group form data by elem name . 
test:  return   data
truth:  form   form

test:  returns the english article for a word .
truth: decide whether to use a or an for a given english word . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  decide   null

test:  returns a tuple with the current basic basic user .
truth: given a basic auth header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that an empty version is installed .
truth: test if *name* is installed . 
test:  verify   check
truth:  if   test

test:  catch any exception raised by the configuration .
truth: this function returns a warning line based on the exception exc and the optional extra information . 
test:  to   function
truth:  function   function

test:  adds context variables to the context .
truth: adds additional context variables to the default context . 
test:  context   test
truth:  adds   null

test:  minimize a function using the downhill algorithm .
truth: minimize a function using modified powells method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  minimize   a

test:  sets the controls for the controls .
truth: get controls from bundle xml set properties on bundle with controls from xml etree root . 
test:  controls   signals
truth:  controls   controls

test:  attempts to install a "package" file .
truth: install hook in mercurial repository . 
test:  install   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  given an entire activities or be ignored .
truth: raises an exception if any activity reference in the list does not exist . 
test:  given   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  creates a new service on the given cluster .
truth: create a twisted service that serves the api on the given endpoint . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  solves riccati difference between two 1st order special equations .
truth: the general riccati equation has the form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  null   null

test:  use pexpect to retrieve show ip int brief brief brief brief .
truth: use pexpect to change the logging buffer size . 
test:  use   pexpect
truth:  use   pexpect

test:  require a setuptools setuptools .
truth: require setuptools_ to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  capitalizes first character of the first .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   returns
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  multiplies each row of a matrix .
truth: returns the transpose of a matrix examples . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to parse a message for a user_op_manager user .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager execute line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  obtain the certname from a configuration file .
truth: get certname from flag . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return event events requires that configuration be enabled .
truth: return event to pg server requires that configuration be enabled via event_return option in master config . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   event

test:  return a function key for a function .
truth: return a function that generates a string key . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  return   a

test:  return a snapshot to ensure that its are displayed in volume .
truth: return snapshot name . 
test:  make   null
truth:  return   snapshot

test:  uninstall one or several gems .
truth: uninstall one or several gems . 
test:  uninstall   one
truth:  uninstall   one

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  transform a series into a list of all items .
truth: transforms a pandas series into serialized form args: series : the pandas series to transform force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  retain   a
truth:  transforms   a

test:  get the line with the first word .
truth: parse gcode in reverse order until the first word if there is one . 
test:  get   line
truth:  parse   gcode

test:  creates a new computenode and populates it with the most recent one .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  set   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  list brew logs for all brew .
truth: to get taps specific commands url#l115 . 
test:  svn   set
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt forced removal of a monitor .
truth: remove a monitor . 
test:  forced   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure utf8 is not a valid utf-8 bytes .
truth: validate utf8 byte string . 
test:  null   return
truth:  validate   utf8

test:  gets a valid number for the specified region .
truth: gets a valid number for the specified number type . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  validate the correct vcode cookie .
truth: codestring - check_login()codestring . 
test:  url   null
truth:  -   -

test:  return a list of all available build .
truth: get the globals dict . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return path to dhcp file for dhcp .
truth: return path to a pid . 
test:  return   path
truth:  return   path

test:  add a handler to the newline .
truth: a simple method to write a real new line to logging . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return the power of n random numbers .
truth: generate all possible slices for a single dimension . 
test:  null   return
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts the classical decimal .
truth: return the next ip address following the given ip address . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert time in utc format to utc format .
truth: the inverse of iso_utc() . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  check to see if quota is enabled on the system .
truth: report on quotas for a specific volume cli example: . 
test:  make   null
truth:  report   report

test:  :: :: .
truth: replace version in __init__ . 
test:  fixes   list
truth:  replace   version

test:  yaml: tox adds support for build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:release plugin <release+plugin> .
truth: yaml: tox use tox to build a multi-configuration project . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  null   tox

test:  it should extract the scenario name .
truth: scenario implements __repr__ nicely . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  test event matrix .
truth: see issue 7465 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  converts a path that may or a unicode string .
truth: converts a path to the format used by gyp . 
test:  splits   information
truth:  converts   a

test:  return url to async .
truth: return the url to add_tag_async for question 1 . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decode a bson double to bson .
truth: decode a bson objectid to bson . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  asserts whether a log path is debugging by a step definition .
truth: helper for :py:func:_match_emr_step_syslog_path and :py:func:_match_emr_step_stderr_path . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  show the code of a graph stored in a graph .
truth: generate an object reference graph ending at objs . 
test:  show   show
truth:  generate   generate

test:  this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  add cylinder .
truth: add negative cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   optional
truth:  add   add

test:  free each namedtuple of nt and prints it .
truth: parse free cmd and return physical memorys total . 
test:  locate   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  assert that the response 200 matches the response with the given prefix .
truth: asserts the response was returned with status 200 . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  retrieve all query available for the given parameters .
truth: generic fetch query . 
test:  queries   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  called by get/post to store the file .
truth: persist parser result to specified scenario package . 
test:  use   copy
truth:  persist   parser

test:  extends the parameters .
truth: append oauth params to an existing set of parameters . 
test:  write   api
truth:  append   oauth

test:  verifies that all files match the desired format is available .
truth: implementation of test_format_docstrings . 
test:  checking   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  retrieve configuration data from the datastore .
truth: get a configuration object from the keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  open and play file .
truth: open svg page with an svg program . 
test:  to   transform
truth:  open   svg

test:  this generator provides a generator of groups for a hg convert convert a hg object into a hg groups .
truth: this method provides a generator of parsed groups from a mercurial unbundle10 object which is created when a changeset that is pushed to a tool shed repository using hg push from the command line is read using readbundle . 
test:  unpack   install
truth:  null   method

test:  makes sure the line column has a new column that is an entity .
truth: ensures that x is an ast node with elements . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  add vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: add negative sphere at x . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   add

test:  fixture to return the mainframe .
truth: blocking lock fixture . 
test:  lock   lock
truth:  lock   lock

test:  interface to a default_handlers .
truth: given a com prog_id . 
test:  returns   chain
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a dict containing details of a certificate revocation list .
truth: validate a crl against a certificate . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  looks for a bucket metadata in the s3 bucket .
truth: looks for a files metadata in the s3 bucket cache file . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  show common about all rates and between the first two strings .
truth: prints words appearing in two different response pages . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  prints   words

test:  looks up the requested flow in the session .
truth: retrieves the flow instance associated with a given csrf token from the flask session . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  alternate shell file or text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  gets the users block for the karma .
truth: k/karma <nick> -- returns karma stats for <nick> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a test for a problem with a correct error attribute .
truth: m=matrix m . 
test:  file   compute
truth:  m   m

test:  returns a list of all cron files to a users cron path where the cron for which to choose is allowed to clear if the cron file is specified .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users crontab and return error message on error cli example: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  traverse up individual jobs from start and find mapreduce .
truth: traverse the directory tree identified by start until a directory already in checked is encountered or the path of mapreduce . 
test:  start   directory
truth:  traverse   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator to ignore notimplementederror exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  iterate over files .
truth: iterate over all python source files in c{paths} . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  log unhandled configuration .
truth: you have to explicitly call this to configure logging . 
test:  wraps   configuration
truth:  have   null

test:  returns the python shell shell widgets .
truth: extract and return python shell from widget return none if *widget* is not a python shell . 
test:  get   pyramid
truth:  extract   null

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this function converts a string to a standard similarity structure .
truth: implements generic mgf1 mask generation function as described in appendix b . 
test:  function   a
truth:  implements   generic

test:  validate the children of all children .
truth: validate children . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   children

test:  runs an interactive python program in running ? .
truth: create and show spyders main window start qapplication event loop . 
test:  run   information
truth:  create   create

test:  return a wrapped string made from a gd file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  name   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the wmf image of components in the wmf image .
truth: return the largest embedded raster image in the wmf . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns all violations having :rtype: string .
truth: runs pep8 . 
test:  returns   fetch
truth:  runs   pep8

test:  marks strings for translation but doesnt translate them now .
truth: returns a string of the translation of the message . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the list of debugging .
truth: parse requirement in the requirements/extras/ directory . 
test:  mark   measure
truth:  parse   requirement

test:  get any new elements and process the archivable .
truth: get any new elements and process the shape . 
test:  get   process
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] = b .
truth: same as del a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a absolute path outside the archive .
truth: ensure that a history import archive cannot reference a relative path outside the archive . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one .
truth: returns the root urlconf to use for the current thread if it has been changed from the default one . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find a wx .
truth: resizes a bitmap to a height of 89 pixels . 
test:  convert   images
truth:  resizes   a

test:  destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   delete
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a generator that returns a generator of lists of length documents .
truth: returns an iterator of k folds . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the gpu time for the bar .
truth: memory free on the gpu returns megs_free : float number of megabytes of memory free on the gpu used by theano . 
test:  time   example
truth:  null   memory

test:  setup the events for the elb .
truth: setup the event definitions from yaml config file . 
test:  register   compatibility
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return mongodb connection to the datastore .
truth: returns a tuple of with config . 
test:  return   info
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the correct sm backend config .
truth: get a specific sm backend config . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  return a dict mapping entry to the specified html_to_text .
truth: parse device_path and mountpoint as they can be used by xenapi . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  modifies a log page to log .
truth: log the request to the access log . 
test:  used   display
truth:  log   log

test:  iterates over markdown or prevents any of the corresponding text .
truth: normalizes text . 
test:  normalizes   a
truth:  text   text

test:  connect to the database instance .
truth: create database object by url mysql: mysql+type://user:passwd@host:port/database sqlite: # relative path sqlite+type:///path/to/database . 
test:  connect   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return the version of the named 'stable' .
truth: update rvm version : stable which version of rvm to install . 
test:  get   a
truth:  update   rvm

test:  frgaments using the entropy of the tm of the front power .
truth: compute the wilcoxon rank-sum statistic for two samples . 
test:  find   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  redirect unix streams to a stream .
truth: redirect a system stream to a specified file . 
test:  redirect   unix
truth:  redirect   a

test:  verify given mode is 644 .
truth: verify given mode is 644 . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  test with an image at the top with the viewport scrolled down .
truth: test with multiple text blocks with the viewport scrolled down . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a single documentation of a user .
truth: annotate a klein-style endpoint to include user-facing documentation . 
test:  text   a
truth:  annotate   a

test:  adds a timed exam to the given user .
truth: add in rendering context if exam is a timed exam . 
test:  register   a
truth:  add   in

test:  remove plaintext .
truth: strip out quoted text with no inline responses . 
test:  module   remove
truth:  strip   strip

test:  convenience function for creating a file .
truth: remove a file that may not exist . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  return superimposition matrix .
truth: return matrix to transform given 3d point set into second point set . 
test:  return   sentry
truth:  return   matrix

test:  computes the batch of xs .
truth: computes residuals for a linear fit with parameters inter and slope . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   residuals

test:  return a copy of the jupyter notebook referrer .
truth: generate a jupyter notebook file cell-by-cell parameters script_blocks: list script execution cells . 
test:  create   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns anonymous user instance as string .
truth: returns user instance depending on anonymous_user_name configuration . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  returns   user

test:  imports imports with the given list of u{url} objects .
truth: generates a crypted hyperionesque version of python code using base64 and aes with a random key . 
test:  domain   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  fix the stage module "probes" to make it usable as commas .
truth: replace division and reminder instructions to builtins calls . 
test:  fix   open
truth:  replace   division

test:  consumer of interface_decorator .
truth: sets the decorated method to handle indicated event:: @plugin class hosts : def init: self . 
test:  register   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  add the directory path to the large_pdb_shim dirlist if dirlist is not already in dirlist .
truth: add the directory dir to the list dirlist if: 1) dir is not already in dirlist 2) dir actually exists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return a state container container container id container id container id or id container id cli example: .
truth: get container information . 
test:  start   container
truth:  get   container

test:  convenience function for simulating xenapi plugin responses .
truth: mapping function from task -> consistent name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  create a hamiltonian .
truth: returns a deferred which fires with a mongoclient when one has been created . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if given path is installed .
truth: return true if given distribution is installed in distutils . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a commit tree to the given tree .
truth: create a new commit object . 
test:  commit   login
truth:  create   a

test:  compare two equals and right are equal .
truth: assert that two pandas timestamp objects are the same . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a suitable hello string with a affected func .
truth: generates full page in controller . 
test:  returns   page
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns the unicode representation of the attributes .
truth: construct an xml-safe attribute string from the given attributes "attrs" is a dictionary of attributes the returned attribute string includes a leading space . 
test:  get   get
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts a git name from the git name to a us-ascii directory .
truth: normalize a path . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  new item .
truth: new item form . 
test:  load   page
truth:  null   item

test:  creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render the admin form .
truth: creates a list of prepopulated_fields that should render javascript for the prepopulated fields for both the admin form and inlines . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute zeros of integer-order bessel function derivative yn(x) .
truth: compute zeros of integer-order bessel function jn(x) . 
test:  compute   zeros
truth:  compute   zeros

test:  return true iff there is no rate limit .
truth: predicate: pass only exceptions with ratelimitexceeded as reason . 
test:  skip   line
truth:  pass   pass

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: return rgb array with first 2 axes transposed . 
test:  display   rgb
truth:  return   rgb

test:  returns true if the running systems database has local or contains a mods pattern .
truth: return true if checkout at path has local modifications . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  nest context managers .
truth: support multiple context managers in a single with-statement . 
test:  context   context
truth:  support   multiple

test:  mount up a module if available .
truth: will try to use -o remount first and fallback to unmount/mount if unsupported . 
test:  ensure   page
truth:  try   try

test:  simple wrapper to make the harmonic harmonic operator .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the public key . 
test:  send   null
truth:  msg   msg

test:  returns true if the url is a escaped url .
truth: test whether url is escaped with | . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  test   test

test:  docstring for function; .
truth: verify that two sequences of n-gram association values are within _epsilon of each other . 
test:  decide   import
truth:  verify   null

test:  verify that object is implicit .
truth: should inherit op_implicit from base classes . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new node and add it to the query .
truth: create a node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the long description for a source file .
truth: return long description from readme . 
test:  build   find
truth:  return   long

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test ordered_dict key validator . 
test:  test   ordered_dict
truth:  test   ordered_dict

test:  turn on heartbeat device .
truth: send a drozer ping to every connected device . 
test:  exception   in
truth:  send   a

test:  returns whether the requesting_user can access the blocks for other users in this course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access all the blocks in the course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  register an internal trigger sensor .
truth: register internal trigger types . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  register   register

test:  return a qapplication configuration .
truth: closes the dumper of the session . 
test:  function   close
truth:  closes   null

test:  register a special log handler .
truth: registers a callback for log handling . 
test:  register   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  check if a given path is disabled .
truth: returns true if assert is a no-op . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change a query to a search_service_pb .
truth: copies query object to params protobuf . 
test:  copy   encode
truth:  query   query

test:  remove prerequisite for the given content usage for the given content format for specified by the given content usage .
truth: removes the milestone and coursecontentmilestones related to the gating prerequisite which the given course content fulfills arguments: prereq_content_key : the prerequisite content usage key returns: none . 
test:  removes   content
truth:  removes   null

test:  remove an event listener .
truth: remove an event listener . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  removes the temporary files used to create the dataset .
truth: removes temporary files used to create the dataset . 
test:  removes   temporary
truth:  removes   temporary

test:  shuts down the server manager .
truth: for this proxy shutdown is a no-op . 
test:  resets   shutdown
truth:  null   null

test:  show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop this should be the last line of your script .
truth: show all the figures and enter the gtk mainloop this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  check if encoding is valid .
truth: return true/false on whether the system understands this encoding . 
test:  if   normalize
truth:  return   return

test:  given an exception .
truth: tries to extract a dictionary mapping field name to validation error messages from exception . 
test:  extracts   exception
truth:  to   null

test:  read tag data from file and return as byte string .
truth: read mm_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   mm_stamp
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of all the paths that are sorted by the current column .
truth: we need to cycle the get . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  need   need

test:  render a json object .
truth: render a stats series in json . 
test:  is   null
truth:  render   a

test:  subclass the id of the id .
truth: run the given function wrapped with seteuid/setegid calls . 
test:  apply   user
truth:  run   run

test:  upsample and then smooth image .
truth: smooth and then downsample image . 
test:  null   image
truth:  smooth   null

test:  type to be deleted .
truth: adds multiple queries to the query queue . 
test:  inserts   tags
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  test updating a working copy when a target already exists .
truth: test working copy when target is an already existing plain directory and force was not specified . 
test:  updating   working
truth:  working   working

test:  wipe a gcode linear move text .
truth: wipe a gcode linear move text . 
test:  cool   null
truth:  wipe   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  validate username .
truth: raises a valueerror if the username is invalid . 
test:  convert   s
truth:  raises   a

test:  alternative implementation of the euler coefficients for factor of f(x) examples .
truth: eulers method for numerical integration . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   method

test:  get all clusters that match the criteria .
truth: get all clusters that match the criteria . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check that all namespaces namespaces are present .
truth: warn if url namespaces used in applications arent unique . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get the xml element .
truth: get the local dictionary . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to rename a source file to its destination .
truth: renames source file into destination . 
test:  null   a
truth:  source   source

test:  transform a float to a float .
truth: formats a float value to be as short as possible . 
test:  formats   format
truth:  formats   a

test:  extract the version number of a version file .
truth: attempts to find the version number in the file names fname . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  redirects request handling to the http request .
truth: raise 404 httpnotfound error . 
test:  send   check
truth:  raise   null

test:  write a full-featured table for a column of empty strings .
truth: test the fix for #4350 where byte strings were output with a leading b on py3 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a url encoded string into a querystring object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  replaces apostrophe character with its utf-8 full width counterpart references: * url * url * url * url .
truth: html encode all non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   compute
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check the unsupported of unsupported .
truth: check for channels in picks that are not considered valid channels . 
test:  check   function
truth:  check   check

test:  takes a list of full output and a string and a symbol .
truth: returns a list with line number . 
test:  process   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the vms location used by the vms for the vm .
truth: return the location object to use . 
test:  return   arrays
truth:  return   return

test:  convert an exception object to a new-style one entity .
truth: convert an ldap backend exception to an ldaperror and raise it . 
test:  debugging   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a string representing the number of bits in a string value .
truth: get the integer value of a hexadecimal number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  get   get

test:  function to make a list of requests belonging to the requests .
truth: generate complete pci requests from pci aliases in extra_spec . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  complete   generate

test:  clean up lines inside the directory .
truth: read file content into an output string . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  clears the screen .
truth: try to clear all caches: call gc . 
test:  entries   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return a random integer array in the object that is one of three divisor .
truth: helper function to draw random numbers using numpys choice function . 
test:  wraps   init
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts that the received version of the received flag is registered in the database .
truth: a context manager which tries to give helpful warnings about missing gi . 
test:  context   null
truth:  context   context

test:  recursively remove files under root .
truth: remove mo files in locale . 
test:  remove   files
truth:  remove   remove

test:  saves the status to session .
truth: saves current social-auth status to session . 
test:  render   null
truth:  saves   current

test:  set the keys in the database to be created .
truth: add only profilers to the database from the filesystem . 
test:  update   update
truth:  add   add

test:  retrieves the snapshots metadata for a collection .
truth: returns the snapshots for this collection . 
test:  get   metadata
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fake function to check if a locale is available and the current locale .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  value   version
truth:  fake   version

test:  get node info .
truth: return a dict with information about this node cli example: . 
test:  get   info
truth:  return   a

test:  exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials code .
truth: exchanges an authorization code for an oauth2credentials object . 
test:  svn   a
truth:  exchanges   exchanges

test:  shows the path .
truth: build html documentation . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   html

test:  formats a date from quarter to a quarter of the start and helper: .
truth: extract date from quarter of a year . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  extract   date

test:  unpacks the user to press the unsigned exception .
truth: convenience wrapper for displaying all manner of com errors . 
test:  allow   optional
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decompress bytes in a trail file .
truth: decompress the specified data . 
test:  cast   settings
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a compiler function for be run .
truth: inject deep into distutils to customize how the dispatch to gcc/nvcc works . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  null   inject

test:  given an object .
truth: gets a valid template from different sources or falls back to the default template . 
test:  to   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  returns the region codes for specific country code .
truth: returns a list with the region codes that match the specific country calling code . 
test:  get   context
truth:  returns   a

test:  given the directories for audiotraintest .
truth: utility function that is ran once on library import . 
test:  initialize   open
truth:  function   function

test:  list data in a monitor .
truth: get monitor data of the instance . 
test:  show   function
truth:  monitor   monitor

test:  declare a class with a class .
truth: declare interfaces implemented by instances of a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  list active mounts on mac os systems .
truth: list active mounts on freebsd systems . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  find the available results for a we need to search for the operating search access .
truth: this searches the msi product databases for name matches of the list of target products . 
test:  searches   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  return a random id for a random id .
truth: generate a random id number . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  given a beets query string .
truth: given a beets query string . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a new plot .
truth: create a new grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fetches a private exploration exploration .
truth: returns a dict with all non-private exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the current permission is installed .
truth: check that permissions for a model do not clash . 
test:  processes   check
truth:  check   check

test:  parse an headers to send .
truth: build a _contentdisposition from header values . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  build   a

test:  create a random graph for the specified options .
truth: return a throttle instance with multiplier * the quota limits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  change every non-whitespace character to the given char .
truth: changes every non-whitespace character to the given char . 
test:  change   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns a native password .
truth: get from script or backward compatibility . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a scalar .
truth: reference line for rejection in multiple tests not used anymore from: section 3 . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  null   line

test:  computes the sokalmichener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the sokal-michener dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  return the mysql error message .
truth: look in module context for a mysql error . 
test:  return   a
truth:  look   in

test:  makes a map of ownership data from a list of pairs .
truth: builds a dict mapping to lists of ownershipperiods . 
test:  given   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  make sure ast strings works properly strings .
truth: ensure we handle unicode strings correctly . 
test:  test   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  compute the relative relative time series for a .
truth: design a kaiser window to limit ripple and width of transition region . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   a

test:  return a unicode string parsed from the path .
truth: return c{path} as a string of l{unicode} suitable for use on this systems filesystem . 
test:  return   up
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if index exists and index index .
truth: returns true if the given storage object contains a whoosh index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  use a name like geometric .
truth: get wsdl method from ns . 
test:  find   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert bytes to unicode .
truth: detect if s is a string and convert it to unicode if it is bytes . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  if   null

test:  saves datasets in response to a native args: session: dict with checked checked list of commits .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  save   null

test:  return the host for the given host .
truth: find the given variables for the given host and output them as json . 
test:  function   return
truth:  find   find

test:  instantiate an :class: .
truth: instantiate cls using the __dict__ of obj as constructor arguments . 
test:  instantiate   cls
truth:  instantiate   cls

test:  callback for config options requiring a scheduler .
truth: callback for change of quota_day or quota_period . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  callback   callback

test:  returns the amount of cpu used so far for the current request .
truth: get the amount of cpu used so far by api calls during the current request . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a no-op implementation of the underlying function .
truth: un-escape string from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  null   running
truth:  string   string

test:  replace any old images in the staging .
truth: rename files to conform to new image format . 
test:  to   os
truth:  files   files

test:  require english language .
truth: require the english language . 
test:  fixture   reactor
truth:  require   null

test:  train a running shell of a thread .
truth: train a model . 
test:  function   null
truth:  train   a

test:  parse the info data from a dictionary and return parsed results .
truth: parse the result of rediss info command into a python dict . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns svn changes for an svn transaction .
truth: returns changes made in an svn transaction . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  function that converts a function function to function function .
truth: the opposite of a function . 
test:  transform   convert
truth:  null   opposite

test:  jarque bera .
truth: perform the jarque-bera goodness of fit test on sample data . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the first object found in the context .
truth: return the first object found in the context . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  module identification function .
truth: module identification function . 
test:  module   identification
truth:  module   identification

test:  this function drops a user .
truth: prompts for confirmation . 
test:  tuple   up
truth:  prompts   null

test:  tests that the nans of a nans does not work on a specific file with no args and that the right nans is specified .
truth: test that match_template doesnt return nan values . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when the scenario matches exactly the tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called for a scenario that has no tags and the given match is a exclusionary tag . 
test:  asserts   attempt
truth:  null   null

test:  b: a tag that converts all the specified tag name to a comma-separated tag name .
truth: parse a list of tags out into a dict of lists by namespace . 
test:  time   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  return true if the url resolves to the url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a package is installed .
truth: check if conda is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  regression test for #1244 .
truth: debug/test function to create directoryimporters from sys . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of all markdown extensions .
truth: get all markdown extension classes from plugins . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   get

test:  merge a config into a dict() .
truth: converts layer name . 
test:  merges   dictionary
truth:  converts   layer

test:  performs a template with a template .
truth: replacement for djangos direct_to_template that uses templateresponse via mezzanine . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  adds a average variable to the relaxed for each relaxed .
truth: calculate the average of relaxed variables having var_name_suffix . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  for creating a file created by invoking completions in each cache .
truth: conditionally execute install_func() only if the files/directories specified by paths have changed . 
test:  to   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  checks whether a media permissions exists .
truth: checks the permissions for user on media . 
test:  validate   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  load all the tests from the given test directory .
truth: provide a testsuite to the discovery process . 
test:  given   load
truth:  provide   a

test:  show lists of entry options .
truth: show all entry lists . 
test:  list   show
truth:  show   show

test:  prints the pagination info for this prints .
truth: prints common pagination details . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process .
truth: a coroutine for interfacing with the user about the tagging process . 
test:  null   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  compare two inverse samples .
truth: compare inverses . 
test:  compare   feature
truth:  compare   inverses

test:  helper to parse the actual template .
truth: method to be called from within a parse action to determine the end location of the parsed tokens . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  to   method

test:  payment bandwidth for causes the given route .
truth: run the prebuilt version of letsencrypt-auto . 
test:  search   a
truth:  run   run

test:  set the given properties on a computenode and update it .
truth: creates a new computenode and populates the capacity fields with the most recent data . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  clear the node .
truth: remove all children from the given node . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: gpu pooling using cudnn from nvidia . 
test:  pooling   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  retrieve the accentuation for a given alternatives or compared .
truth: return some spine parameters for the spine . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   return

test:  find and return z-wave covers .
truth: setup the z-wave platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a list of file fonts .
truth: grab a list of all the fonts that are being tracked by fontconfig by making a system call to fc-list . 
test:  name   input
truth:  grab   a

test:  parses ml headers from ml and returns a dict of headers suitable for core-site .
truth: parse the mailing list headers described in rfc 4021 . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  send email to accept their email .
truth: send session accepted or rejected . 
test:  email   a
truth:  send   session

test:  returns the number of connected components in g .
truth: return the number of connected components . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  shared registration form .
truth: a very simplistic register view . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  null   a

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting a bytes featurelist into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  delete one of the den for each call .
truth: wrap table creation to add any necessary dialect-specific options . 
test:  call   a
truth:  wrap   table

test:  find the number of times that is greater than the _plugins .
truth: setdefaulttimeout set the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  combine two paths into a single list .
truth: return the individual components of a given file path string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  this function works on a string of the specified expression .
truth: foo -> re . 
test:  allows   a
truth:  null   foo

test:  default await handler for await .
truth: wait for refcount on an object to drop to an expected value necessary because of the zero-copy gc thread . 
test:  interprets   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit .
truth: split a pathname into two parts: the directory leading up to the final bit . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  add a server to a service via daemontools .
truth: add a real server to a virtual service . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  extracts a list of all users by a users .
truth: returns a list of identities linked to this account . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a colormap instance .
truth: get a colormap instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  stop a container .
truth: stop a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  returns a dict for the given model .
truth: convert model to dictionary . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  model   model

test:  fetch symbol for a given frame .
truth: download quandl symbol metadata . 
test:  show   null
truth:  download   download

test:  remove users in conference for conference .
truth: remove users from conference . 
test:  remove   user
truth:  remove   users

test:  converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers .
truth: converts code combinations to either a single code integer or a tuple of integers . 
test:  null   version
truth:  code   code

test:  numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 .
truth: numbering function: consecutive integers starting at 1 . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  null   null

test:  given a given apikey .
truth: enable the given apikey . 
test:  enable   install
truth:  enable   enable

test:  get text with the carving from the file .
truth: get the functions with the search string in the file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the docker index for a given container container container container name or id .
truth: talk directly to the primary container servers to figure out the storage policy index for a given container . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  talk   null

test:  return the last character type .
truth: case insensitive but case preserving . 
test:  is   file
truth:  null   case

test:  use the uploaded digest to verify the sha contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  returns a list of the entire line .
truth: retrieve line number from file src with caching . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   line

test:  return the string smaller by a given words .
truth: count only many words are titles in value . 
test:  count   null
truth:  count   count

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the github module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  renders a report with cr .
truth: helper to call ir . 
test:  call   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  find the machine by the given domain and return the specified query .
truth: given a domain . 
test:  lookup   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns all website for a given app_label .
truth: returns total no . 
test:  returns   media
truth:  returns   returns

test:  call the int_0^infty mode for the given python interpreters .
truth: call the blas vector * vector product function for the given arguments . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  ensure that slicing a model on instance model is raised when creating a new instance with the instance of the instance .
truth: regression test to fix an issue where the indices attached to parameter names on a compound model were not handled properly when one or more submodels have no parameters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  assert that the supplied headers is not an setup .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_headers . 
test:  parses   checks
truth:  fail   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: default builder for main rebulk object used by api . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  default   builder

test:  test for handling of netmask .
truth: check jd2jcal as reverse of jcal2jd . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator for benchmarks that alter modifier to a modifier modifier .
truth: decorator for associating a function with a mustache tag modifier . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  match attribute against an attribute dictionary .
truth: match a node by specified attribute values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  match   a

test:  simple test to detect the raidcom encoder needs to it works as a raidcom address .
truth: ipv4 lookalikes are not valid subdomaincallingformat names even though they otherwise follow the bucket naming rules . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  null   ipv4

test:  error checking for a cli example: .
truth: return predefined error results . 
test:  predefined   a
truth:  predefined   return

test:  apply a palette to supplied image .
truth: get pil to generate and apply an optimum 256 color palette to the given image and return it . 
test:  return   apply
truth:  get   pil

test:  returns a random string/key of "length" characters .
truth: generate random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parses extra data from a dict of pairs .
truth: it parses the information that will go in the xml file . 
test:  parses   validator
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a text string with bytes in a byte string to a byte string .
truth: convert a text string with bytes in hex form to a byte string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the python function for a python type .
truth: add a pretty printer for a given type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  restful crud controller for the master organisation - all outbound outbound messages go here .
truth: restful crud controller @todo: prevent multiple records for the same domain . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   crud

test:  check if http status code is success .
truth: check if http status code is successful . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  compute the x and a matrix that will be extracted by the :ref:user for each node in x .
truth: compute pearson correlations between a vector and a matrix . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   pearson

test:  returns a system stream for byte processing .
truth: returns a system stream for text processing . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  check if were inside an ipython notebook deprecated: this is no longer used in pandas .
truth: check if were inside an ipython qtconsole deprecated: this is no longer needed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  load tasks from a module and produce a list of tasks .
truth: handles loading all of the tasks for a given imported module . 
test:  load   null
truth:  loading   loading

test:  get a single inventory class .
truth: delete to destroy a single inventory . 
test:  to   delete
truth:  to   delete

test:  create a site from a site .
truth: add custom domain to site . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   custom

test:  convert the given python object to escape .
truth: escape a string for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   returns
truth:  escape   a

test:  merge the dictionaries of a dictionary into a single dictionary .
truth: merge a collection of dictionaries . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  merge   a

test:  returns true if the given host is a same protected as the given host .
truth: internal helper . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  elide filename without a bug .
truth: elide a filename to the given length . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  null   a

test:  check that value is a requirements requirements .
truth: verify that install_requires is a valid requirements list . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  given a non-negative object .
truth: create a shadow trigger for triggertype with no parameters . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  create a container with a given name .
truth: create a container . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  adds the headers and returns a copy of the given http response .
truth: sort headers as suggested by rfc 2616 this alters the underlying response_headers to use the common name for each header; as well as sorting them with general headers first . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sort   headers

test:  return a handle handle to prosite .
truth: get_prosite_raw -> handle get a handle to a raw prosite or prodoc entry at expasy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function that wraps changed .
truth: run by cron on a schedule to send things to amazon cloudsearch . 
test:  search   run
truth:  run   run

test:  command line execution entry point for post-processing outputs .
truth: command line execution entry point for running tests . 
test:  command   s
truth:  command   line

test:  iterate over all child nodes or a node .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  return a consistent contenttype filename from a text file .
truth: returns the content-type string matching extension of the given filename . 
test:  read   change
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function for split_options .
truth: parse common arguments for ssl endpoints . 
test:  perform   parser
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieve the grains from the proxied device .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the rate limiting properties for the given vm .
truth: enable or disable rate limiting on requests to the mediawiki servers . 
test:  push   set
truth:  enable   enable

test:  main function runs this script .
truth: run rbext . 
test:  function   program
truth:  run   run

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the standard deviation along an axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict with all importance groups .
truth: return the number of tmux clients attached to the currently active session . 
test:  function   print
truth:  return   return

test:  return a database tables which is unknown .
truth: place a database under migration control . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   a

test:  return the attribute name for an object .
truth: return code object for given function . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  returns list of all languages .
truth: retrieve the list of all languages . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  set attribute attribute with sets .
truth: set attribute value . 
test:  check   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  parse a template into a template for the dump .
truth: create an templatepage object by parsing the annotated html . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get all cgsnapshots belonging to a group .
truth: get all cgsnapshots belonging to a consistency group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test fit and sample routines with auto ratio .
truth: test fit and sample routines with auto ratio . 
test:  fit   fit
truth:  fit   fit

test:  makes a new qwebpage group .
truth: makes a group reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return a deployment object .
truth: retrieves global physical network mtu setting . 
test:  return   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the template with the given name .
truth: loads a macro a template exports . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the url string from the url words passed to the words of the file without the first word .
truth: splitattr -> /path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse the results of rediss sequences into a dict .
truth: parse the yang & nielsen part of the results . 
test:  parse   attempts
truth:  parse   parse

test:  show all .
truth: minify + concatenate js and css files . 
test:  null   mariadb
truth:  minify   +

test:  setup the setup component .
truth: set up the zabbix component . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a testcase that will run tests .
truth: create a testcase for ifilesystemsnapshots . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a bytestring of the given data .
truth: rc4 encryption with random salt and final encoding . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  rc4   encryption

test:  write the carving .
truth: analyze a gcode file . 
test:  display   a
truth:  analyze   a

test:  populate the module and state and return a dict containing all the order of the module names and the state of the supplied module and log in the state and
truth: used by api but not web controller . 
test:  catch   a
truth:  used   null

test:  prints the jupyter version of the jupyter python interpreter .
truth: get jupyter info dict . 
test:  display   dipy
truth:  get   jupyter

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is not installed .
truth: make sure that a gem is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test uninstalling a console_scripts from reqs .
truth: test uninstall from a requirements file . 
test:  null   test
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  like horizontal but for a given class .
truth: horizontally stack two l{tensortype}s . 
test:  reshape   null
truth:  stack   stack

test:  returns the pid of the given pid .
truth: return a dictionary of information for a process id . 
test:  see   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test that nan is nan .
truth: test the code snippet example that detects nan values . 
test:  comparing   null
truth:  test   test

test:  update environ defaults with testing purposes this adds various defaults with trivial defaults for testing purposes .
truth: update environ with trivial defaults for testing purposes this adds various parameters required for wsgi . 
test:  update   config
truth:  update   environ

test:  convert symmetric vector to symmetric matrix .
truth: builds an array of matrices from individuals np . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: retrieves all groups . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  verifies that all .
truth: emulate behavior of msvs_error_on_missing_sources present in the msvs generator: check that all regular source files . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  emulate   behavior

test:  function for notify which do not use the backend .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  tests that hugs nullable validator correctly handles basic values .
truth: test the concept of a nullable type . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible .
truth: update an object or raise if it does not exist or not visible . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the matplotlib backend to use for the given backend .
truth: list the names of all matplotlib backend modules importable under the current python installation . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  context manager that saves atomic atomic information to a temporary destination file .
truth: open temporary file object that atomically moves to destination upon exiting . 
test:  import   djangos
truth:  open   temporary

test:  load an image from file .
truth: load a tiff image from file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  a numeric end .
truth: wrap a single endmarker token in a "file_input" node . 
test:  filter   data
truth:  wrap   a

test:  a helper to create a temporary context .
truth: decorator for adding a context to a function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  decorator to parse the options to a processing .
truth: used as a decorator and passed a list of optparse-style options . 
test:  given   a
truth:  used   null

test:  command : print error .
truth: command : print plist optend . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  allow a layer2 to a remote branch .
truth: deploy your documentation to github pages . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return the item item by the table .
truth: fetch items out of table that has a left column of th . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   items

test:  add the value to the lists .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  prints a non-admin .
truth: wrapper function that initializes curses and calls another function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a file of rparen records to a size .
truth: read a file into memory and convert each relation clause into a list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  read   a

test:  install a site .
truth: setup help table in a separate database that will be shared by the whole bench and set global_help_setup as 1 in common_site_config . 
test:  place   config
truth:  help   help

test:  check for zmq keypair .
truth: generate a z85 keypair for use with zmq . 
test:  check   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  test verifying user using verify_user function .
truth: test updating user email using update_user_email function . 
test:  verifying   test
truth:  updating   test

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is any kind of function or method . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: outline a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  outline   a

test:  plot the day summary of the given ohlc .
truth: plots day summary represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plots   day

test:  returns indices that has an array .
truth: helper to validate padding for filtfilt . 
test:  causes   validate
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the strings in the strings .
truth: constant-time string comparison . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  computes the sum of the updater .
truth: compute norm of an array . 
test:  sum   count
truth:  compute   norm

test:  this is a resource .
truth: is resource1 inside resource2? return true if so . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  populate   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  check whether or not an html field with the given orm .
truth: escapes markdown text in a model or dictionarys field . 
test:  check   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  solves the separable order differential equation with a solves coefficients .
truth: solves a differential equation that can be reduced to the separable form . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid for .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid for . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  helper to parse error bytes .
truth: given an error xml message from the webservice containing <error><text>x</text><text>y</text></error> . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  returns true if filename is a valid system path .
truth: return true if the file is in a system path . 
test:  if   version
truth:  return   return

test:  connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws cloudhsm :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  display the list of item associated with the given course usage as a display .
truth: deletes an existing xblock with the given usage_key . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  do the actual title .
truth: extract <title></title> . 
test:  get   module_content
truth:  extract   null

test:  print a warning .
truth: a debugging function that raises an exception considered an "assertion" . 
test:  defined   null
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  gets anyway between two oss .
truth: returns a function that can be used to remove the stem from a sentence . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  splits the source code at the given symbolic .
truth: split operator from threshold in an expression . 
test:  record   null
truth:  split   operator

test:  ticketstatus add .
truth: agent add . 
test:  null   message
truth:  add   add

test:  check if auto auto directories are equal .
truth: return an inequality condition object suitable for use in a constraint . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  attempt to determine the default verify that the specified paths is installed .
truth: return paths to default cafile and capath . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   paths

test:  given an albuminfo object .
truth: check if date is in the range specified . 
test:  separate   a
truth:  if   check

test:  expression : assignment_expression .
truth: expression_opt : empty . 
test:  expression_opt   null
truth:  expression_opt   null

test:  all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket .
truth: all arguments have the same meaning as ssl_wrap_socket . 
test:  to   arguments
truth:  null   arguments

test:  return kernel_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return hardware_events information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict of available for the specified tenant cli example: .
truth: return a specific tenants cli examples: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of shared maps for the job - syncing updates a set of lr .
truth: stochastic gradient descent :note: a more complicated version of sgd then needed . 
test:  null   partitions
truth:  null   gradient

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  returns links to display the current database links .
truth: return the social media links to display in the footer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of products for a store .
truth: returns a list of product instances belonging to a store . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete table where and be empty .
truth: deletes from table with clauses where and using . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  a context manager that silences sys .
truth: a context manager that silences sys . 
test:  uses   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  place a order by specified quantity .
truth: place an order to adjust a position to a target value . 
test:  constructs   place
truth:  place   place

test:  get a platform-agnostic 2-tuple of the data for a given list of data directories and tk of the annotation .
truth: get a list of toc-style 3-tuples describing all external tcl/tk data files . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  test that a column of all column groups from a column names .
truth: table groups filtering . 
test:  test   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  compute an md5 hash of the hash for each file in the hash .
truth: compute an md5 hash . 
test:  return   md5
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable/disable email alerts cli example: .
truth: enable/disable email alerts cli example: . 
test:  email   variable
truth:  email   email

test:  runs the example with the specified parameters .
truth: run an example module from zipline . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  run   run

test:  nearest point to the aes .
truth: closest integer to a/b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   integer

test:  template action to set a person structure from a mysql document .
truth: return a standard currency field @todo: move to a finance module? . 
test:  multiply   null
truth:  return   a

test:  download the vehicle from the vehicle .
truth: downloads the current mission and returns it in a list . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  calls appropriate setup setup .
truth: calls the function fn with the keyword arguments from kwargs it expects if the kwargs argument is defined . 
test:  call   force
truth:  calls   calls

test:  open a combined tensor in a combined tensor .
truth: set flag controlling whether tensor products of states should be printed as a combined bra/ket or as an explicit tensor product of different bra/kets . 
test:  estimate   set
truth:  flag   flag

test:  set the root password into which to admin_passwd admin_password is root .
truth: set the root password to admin_passwd admin_password is a root password fs is the path to the base of the filesystem into which to inject the key . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  old-style old-style objects from remote .
truth: read in previously saved objects from a pickle file returns a dict: device_name: device_object . 
test:  loads   in
truth:  read   in

test:  pure callback to use our key-value output .
truth: set the default plugin for a specified operation . 
test:  set   check
truth:  set   set

test:  only load that the esxi module is present .
truth: load only on windows with servermanager module . 
test:  work   null
truth:  load   load

test:  copy one filesystem to another volume to one received volume .
truth: copy contents of one volume to another . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   contents

test:  open the given object or list of icondata .
truth: icon sets the icon of object . 
test:  get   show
truth:  sets   sets

test:  helper for the bmat block in order to the block of the block .
truth: constructs a block matrix . 
test:  examines   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  create sailthru list .
truth: create list in sailthru . 
test:  create   null
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new statements that verify the database .
truth: create the database . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  create   create

test:  calculate the expected discounted measure parameters x : the estimate of the residual data x : the multivariate variance .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  multivariate   multivariate
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  raises a ~astropy if the passed name is not a valid directory .
truth: check if portname is valid and whether or not the directory exists in the ports tree . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   check

test:  take a dictionary of sets of variables .
truth: recursive obfuscation of collection types . 
test:  to   a
truth:  recursive   null

test:  can safely send generators .
truth: can safely send generators . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if the name is can be parsed back to its original form for both season and multi episodes .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filters .
truth: filters the contents of the block through variable filters . 
test:  filters   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  get name from name .
truth: if present . 
test:  parses   find
truth:  present   null

test:  return a function that can be used with the provided port .
truth: returns the domain on the current subreddit . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes .
truth: return a humanized string representation of a number of bytes . 
test:  return   bytes
truth:  return   a

test:  move up to max_rows rows from production tables to corresponding shadow tables .
truth: move up to max_rows rows from tablename to corresponding shadow table . 
test:  grab   up
truth:  move   up

test:  connect to the replica set and authenticate if necessary .
truth: connect to the replica set if there is one . 
test:  to   data
truth:  to   connect

test:  request object information directly from the object server .
truth: get object directly from the object server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  object   object

test:  compute polynomial remainder sequence in gf(p)[x] .
truth: expand results of :func:factor in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  results   results

test:  list all group ids .
truth: list all groups . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  extract a model data from a string of the form as a dataset .
truth: express a models data as a list for easier comparison . 
test:  given   a
truth:  express   a

test:  return that is a common ending that is not in seqs .
truth: return the subsequence that is a common start of sequences in seqs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale .
truth: checks if an input value is a localizable type and returns it formatted with the appropriate formatting string of the current locale . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  get roles for a user .
truth: returns roles of current user . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  returns   roles

test:  accumulate a class with a new dictionary .
truth: traverse the class hierarchy and accumulate the special dicts metahasprops stores on classes: args: name : name of the special attribute to collect . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  traverse   null

test:  returns a document for a given slug .
truth: given a slug and a request . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  given   a

test:  like pretty() but captures the stdout to stdout .
truth: like pretty but print to stdout . 
test:  null   print
truth:  like   pretty

test:  register a new utils .
truth: register a trophytype subclass . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  allow other items to be performed if there is a permission for the given user .
truth: raises frappe . 
test:  if   replacement
truth:  raises   frappe

test:  returns a descriptor .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attributes from all items in a searchio container object . 
test:  set   function
truth:  returns   a

test:  set the user info cookie .
truth: creates a cookie to set the user information for the requestor . 
test:  sets   m
truth:  creates   a

test:  attempt to discover a dictionary of json index page .
truth: returns json in the following format: "videos": [{ "edx_video_id": "aaaaaaaa-aaaa-4aaa-aaaa-aaaaaaaaaaaa" . 
test:  list   images
truth:  returns   json

test:  start the ssh server .
truth: start the bluetooth service . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  test malformed .
truth: wale_syslog_facility contains bogus values . 
test:  test   null
truth:  contains   null

test:  create a class with a given class .
truth: return an optimized visit dispatch function for the cls for use by the compiler . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  non-differentiable prediction labels .
truth: transform numeric labels into onehot_labels . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  transform   numeric

test:  mangle function .
truth: mangle a file name to present an abstract name for segmented files . 
test:  limiting   returns
truth:  mangle   a

test:  creates a document with a sst .
truth: creates a new document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  univariate univariate polynomial of the series *args .
truth: function of a multivariate series computed by substitution . 
test:  to   function
truth:  function   function

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the gts file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  computes the tensor along the given axis of a tensor input .
truth: computes the product along the given axis of a tensor input . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  close all ready for a given file .
truth: decorate a method as a validator for one or more named properties . 
test:  return   up
truth:  decorate   a

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: utility method to split a list (l) in chunks of n sections . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   method

test:  hook to show idle-format warning .
truth: show idle-format warning . 
test:  show   hook
truth:  show   show

test:  provide a value for the specified db .
truth: returns a document property or list of properties . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  initialize the helptopic model .
truth: initialize the helptopic completion model . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  converts the given string to an iterator returning a pairs .
truth: split a digest auth string into key . 
test:  given   function
truth:  split   a

test:  update the state of the current instance .
truth: update state of celery task . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   state

test:  determine which plus plus or the dot product of the dot product of a dot file or a dot or a dot or a dot product of dot is returned
truth: return a + if we dont already have one . 
test:  exit   track
truth:  return   a

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the fonts directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compare module names to make it in module .
truth: return sets of objects only in __all__ . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  start a :class:pyramid twisted and start a modbus modbus server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async tcp server . 
test:  null   up
truth:  null   method

test:  build a data hash from a dispatcher .
truth: builds the request data before making api request . 
test:  build   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove terms of f from f .
truth: add two module elements f . 
test:  adds   options
truth:  add   add

test:  process the multiprocessing from the master .
truth: this function will be called from another process when running a map in parallel mode . 
test:  whitespace   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check if the action is of the action .
truth: set state to the device by id . 
test:  set   query
truth:  set   state

test:  tokenized is the multiply of the denominator of a phonenumber function .
truth: find the op in an asstuple tree . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  display the most recent changes .
truth: display the recent changes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  display   display

test:  round a number or a number to a precision .
truth: round a number to a precision . 
test:  to   a
truth:  round   a

test:  decorator for views that require the current function to be available via a specific graph .
truth: simple decorator to cache result of method call . 
test:  makes   factory
truth:  null   decorator

test:  project add .
truth: new project form . 
test:  null   fallback
truth:  project   project

test:  fail that two statuses are equal .
truth: raise an assertion if two objects are not equal up to desired tolerance . 
test:  check   asserts
truth:  raise   null

test:  deletes a vhost via rabbitmqctl add_vhost .
truth: deletes a vhost rabbitmqctl delete_vhost . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return the string with pattern replaced by the string .
truth: replace occurrences of pattern/regex in the series/index with some other string . 
test:  return   element
truth:  replace   occurrences

test:  downloads a url from an http response to a file .
truth: download a file from url to filename . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  install latest requirements for virtual virtualenv .
truth: install the latest virtual environment if needed . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  accepts log-values as input .
truth: accepts log-values as input . 
test:  return   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  calculate the candidate tempdir list .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  get   filter
truth:  generate   a

test:  currency view .
truth: view a currency . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   a

test:  calls a list of users on the device .
truth: configures users on network devices . 
test:  configures   users
truth:  configures   users

test:  kill greenlet asynchronously .
truth: kill greenlet asynchronously . 
test:  kill   greenlet
truth:  kill   greenlet

test:  decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser .
truth: decorator to temporarily replace input/getpass to allow interactive createsuperuser . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  partial release section 9 .
truth: partial release section 9 . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  fixture that provides a blob with a blob .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  test   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  add a task to a file .
truth: a shortcut for adding task args: queue_name: the queues name of which you want the task be added to . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  simple constraint: distance between 2 and b .
truth: distance between two geo points in km . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   distance

test:  convert a filename to a valid valid filename .
truth: converts arbitrary string into a valid file name for caching . 
test:  strip   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  test subunit output with undefined steps .
truth: test subunit output with undefined steps . 
test:  test   subunit
truth:  test   subunit

test:  remove the pixel from the point .
truth: remove an element from the pixel list . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a numpy dtype object .
truth: converts input into a pandas only dtype object or a numpy dtype object . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  input   input

test:  construct a stream server endpoint from an endpoint description string .
truth: underlying implementation of l{serverfromstring} which avoids exposing the deprecated default argument to anything but l{strports . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  creates an rate limit spec .
truth: creates an argument spec for working with rate limiting . 
test:  creates   validate
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a name matches a file .
truth: tests whether name matches one of the given globs . 
test:  if   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check a set of api requests to a set of strings .
truth: validate an api key by calling an api endpoint with no quota cost . 
test:  null   message
truth:  validate   validate

test:  retrieve the single resource type for the resource type .
truth: return resolver instance for the provided resource type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   resolver

test:  test single bundle with a single bundle .
truth: test registering a single bundle object . 
test:  test   null
truth:  registering   test

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test date time validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   date

test:  set header with vary header .
truth: add a vary header to a response . 
test:  generates   set
truth:  add   a

test:  do the specified parameters .
truth: sign the parameters dictionary so cybersource can validate our identity . 
test:  use   a
truth:  sign   sign

test:  the signal that raises a new q .
truth: extend to store previous state . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  to   null

test:  helper to translate a callback .
truth: translate an xml value . 
test:  converts   get
truth:  translate   translate

test:  update a hook metadata .
truth: this function is meant to replace excepthook and do some special work if the exception value has a __thunk_trace__ field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a stream and produce scanning tokens .
truth: scan a yaml stream and produce scanning tokens . 
test:  iterates   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  return a dict of active config values .
truth: a callback url method to use in tests . 
test:  returns   handler
truth:  callback   callback

test:  run the tests of the correlation along the given method .
truth: run grouped correlation test this function runs the grouped correlation test . 
test:  appends   feature
truth:  run   run

test:  squared logarithmic error message from logarithmic power of logarithmic variables parameters logarithmic : int number of each element on both expression .
truth: mean squared logarithmic error loss . 
test:  null   density
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns true if a cohort is commentable .
truth: args: course_key: coursekey commentable_id: string returns: bool: is this commentable cohorted? raises: http404 if the course doesnt exist . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  null   null

test:  make a list of unique elements .
truth: create a set of arrays . 
test:  do   remove
truth:  create   a

test:  create a list of default handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  null   handlers

test:  check whether a given socket is supported .
truth: check whether af_alg sockets are supported on this host . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: change bench configuration . 
test:  bench   bench
truth:  bench   bench

test:  collects a remote client and try to collect all hosts from haproxy .
truth: get a valid load balancer from the user and append it to the list of hosts . 
test:  give   docstring
truth:  get   a

test:  respond with the summary of all active codes of the csv registration codes .
truth: respond with csv which contains a summary of all active registration codes . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  respond   null

test:  declares a flag whose value must be a flag .
truth: registers a flag object with a flagvalues object . 
test:  shut   a
truth:  registers   a

test:  like packed .
truth: calculates the size of the frame based on the byte count . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return the version of openshift .
truth: get current version of openshift on the host . 
test:  handle   get
truth:  get   current

test:  return the identity matrix .
truth: return 4x4 identity/unit matrix . 
test:  null   none
truth:  return   return

test:  generate config for precompute data from config .
truth: return info we want to compute before we mutate things . 
test:  show   page
truth:  return   info

test:  utility method that can be used with a single space character .
truth: remove characters that shouldnt be in ids . 
test:  function   a
truth:  remove   characters

test:  extract item from queue .
truth: attempts to retrieve an item from the queue q . 
test:  retrieves   tuple
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns a hashed .
truth: return the hash of password using pbkdf2 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter knowledge items based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  convert a timedelta object to an integer .
truth: convert a timedelta value to fractions of a day . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  register a new oauth application .
truth: register an api application: blank form view . 
test:  list   a
truth:  register   register

test:  return the dict of coding for text .
truth: function to get the coding of a text . 
test:  return   return
truth:  to   function

test:  calculate the pval between a histogram of a histogram .
truth: get p-values from stats values given an h0 distribution . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  get   get

test:  given an iterable of class objects .
truth: map textual representations of default iteration modes to classes . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  map   map

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses assigned to the host ifname .
truth: returns a list of 3-tuples of the form where addr is the address of scope scope associated to the interface ifcace . 
test:  returns   symbols
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the free disk bytes for the given family .
truth: return folder/drive free space in bytes . 
test:  return   args
truth:  return   return

test:  gemm computing an outer-product -> gemv .
truth: gemm acting on row or column matrices -> gemv . 
test:  loads   wrapper
truth:  null   null

test:  delete an existing token .
truth: removes the token object from the app engine datastore . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: combines the keys from the two provided dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  combines   null

test:  creates an exception .
truth: dynamically create an exception class . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  display the inset dialog .
truth: check syntax of a psl file . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  check   syntax

test:  display a skeinisoed gcode file for a skeinforge gcode file .
truth: write file interpretation . 
test:  write   changes
truth:  file   file

test:  helper to scale a bem subject to a bem .
truth: scale a bem file . 
test:  convert   need
truth:  scale   a

test:  check if a member exists on the pool .
truth: check a pool member exists in a specific pool cli examples: . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   a

test:  matches the given path with any file .
truth: reverse of :func:os . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  current user records to show all the current *domains .
truth: checks the availability of domains returns a dictionary where the domain name is the key and the availability is the value of true/false domains_to_check array of strings list of domains to check cli example: . 
test:  encodes   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  reconstruct the object type of type .
truth: reconstruct an object given its type . 
test:  release   values
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  class decorator for #589 .
truth: makes sure the class is hashable . 
test:  assert   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  compares two strings in common approach with unexpected == common prefix .
truth: compares two strings in a cryptographically save way: runtime is not affected by length of common prefix . 
test:  compares   null
truth:  compares   null

test:  draw the graph g for a matplotlib entity .
truth: draw the graph g using matplotlib . 
test:  draw   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  attach a json generated generated as json column to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach generated user stories json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  edge betweenness centrality for all nodes in g .
truth: compute betweenness centrality for edges . 
test:  edge   eigenvalues
truth:  compute   betweenness

test:  same as a >> b .
truth: same as a >> b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create page .
truth: adds the current page to the template context and runs its set_helper method . 
test:  display   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  save information from instance_type information .
truth: save properties from instance_type into instances system_metadata . 
test:  saves   metadata
truth:  save   properties

test:  returns a multivariate f-statistic function .
truth: returns an f-statistic for a restricted vs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialize the platform .
truth: enable readline for input history . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  enable   readline

test:  convert a binary string to a binary string .
truth: unhex(s) -> str hex-decodes a string . 
test:  string   whitespace
truth:  null   null

test:  set the user module if the kernel is linux .
truth: only work on netbsd . 
test:  provides   work
truth:  work   work

test:  listen to salt events and forward them to salt .
truth: listen to events and write them to a log file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  takes string or more pathname to support .
truth: pads the given string to the given length . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  pads   null

test:  wrapper around oob that prevents exceptions when the request fails .
truth: if hardfailing: if we got the original stacktrace . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  if   null

test:  stop the known virtual machine .
truth: stops current context is one is active . 
test:  stops   compute
truth:  stops   current

test:  databases is a total number .
truth: return the first safe id to use . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  syntax checking: syntax with scenarios .
truth: syntax checking: fail on features missing scenarios . 
test:  test   syntax
truth:  null   syntax

test:  extracts the http token from the http header and returns a tuple with the value that can be applied to the given header .
truth: get the auth token for this request . 
test:  requests   searches
truth:  get   get

test:  return a dict of all available vm locations on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list all available locations . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a list of language names from the given path .
truth: returns the language-code if there is a valid language-code found in the path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  concatenate the matrices .
truth: return concatenation of series of transformation matrices . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   concatenation

test:  histograms histograms of logged logged and histograms of a logged logged logged histograms .
truth: plot hists for live births live: dataframe others: dataframe . 
test:  return   find
truth:  plot   plot

test:  this test creates a general nested field which all of the specified number of all layers in the nested structurally definition .
truth: constructs a nested mlp and tries to fprop through it . 
test:  test   test
truth:  constructs   a

test:  code for helpcommand with a code object .
truth: context manager that temporarily masks the test runners values for stdin and argv . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   datasetkfold
truth:  test   test

test:  formats an exception according to the limit rules .
truth: format a stack trace and the exception information . 
test:  stack   a
truth:  format   a

test:  upload files to a temporary directory .
truth: upload the files everywhere . 
test:  registers   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  quick helper to start and checks if a user is in it .
truth: handles the root url of review board or a local site . 
test:  to   a
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a class that will auto specific init service .
truth: create a class that will create partial functions that generate result_parser for the current init command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  utility to get pending pending reboot checks .
truth: determine whether there is a reboot pending . 
test:  is   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  prints a file-like object for a given message .
truth: a handy debugging aid . 
test:  to   content
truth:  null   a

test:  smarty return a string .
truth: main function for "traditional" use . 
test:  text   text
truth:  function   function

test:  regression test for url with dependents .
truth: d should come before e and probably before one of b and c a b c | e d . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  null   d

test:  test cloning a package with bazaar .
truth: test checking out from bazaar . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  checking   checking

test:  given a trail name .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a list of field field instances from the passed in attrs .
truth: create a list of form field instances from the passed in attrs . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  build a series of sequence of bucket that are common to a series of lists .
truth: extract alphanumerics from string and return sorted list of chars [from . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse iso8601 date format into a datetime object .
truth: given a date in xport format . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  given   a

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate universal media player configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a pytree pattern node node types which will match first .
truth: accepts a pytree pattern node and returns a set of the pattern types which will match first . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  accepts   a

test:  remove the overridden jobs .
truth: clean up leftover qemu-nbd processes and other junk . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns date/time of the first kind of the given list of polynomial .
truth: returns the minimal polynomial of a crootof object . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  delete a user .
truth: deletes a login profile for the specified user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  issues a power-cycle operation on the managed server .
truth: powers up the managed server . 
test:  issues   a
truth:  powers   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a kumaraswamy distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a triangular distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  read the image image data and return as a string .
truth: read uic imagepropertyex tag from file and return as dict . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   profiling
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  configure flocker service when the certificate has been available .
truth: configure flocker-dataset-agent on a node . 
test:  received   waits
truth:  configure   configure

test:  make the message state of a gpio .
truth: sort an array and provide the argsort . 
test:  compute   attempts
truth:  sort   sort

test:  convert a dictionary to c{bytes} .
truth: converts a many-to-one mapping into a one-to-many mapping . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore .
truth: find all up zero crossings and return the index of the highest not used anymore . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a list of cache groups for the specified subnet .
truth: return a list of all cache subnet group names cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a slice that may be used as a unicode string .
truth: prepend newpath to oldpath . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  prepend   null

test:  escape the user to escape what it is logged in .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  decide   check
truth:  query   query

test:  restores a ccx with a ccx for a given field .
truth: restore references to a ccx to the incoming value returns the value converted to a ccx-aware state . 
test:  call   val
truth:  restore   references

test:  this function is run in the backend if you install the last line of the last line .
truth: show all the figures and enter the fltk mainloop in another thread this allows to keep hand in interractive python session warning: does not work under windows this should be the last line of your script . 
test:  show   return
truth:  show   show

test:  check if variable is shared .
truth: check if a variable is a theano shared variable . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column names on table name and dot . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns true if any of the files in sgemv is sgemv .
truth: returns true if sgemv must be fixed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vector grouped by the one-hot encoding of the vector .
truth: return an mpf representing a power of two with magnitude mag and -1 for precision . 
test:  sign   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restore the defaults for the position: of a specific configuration file .
truth: use this if you are embedding our library in a larger application and wish to handle logging yourself at the level of the root logger . 
test:  draw   task
truth:  use   use

test:  properly decodes a dotted name for the user .
truth: remove name mangling from a file name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  name   name

test:  returns a two-tuple of the specified input with the given footer and value .
truth: generate a list of choice . 
test:  input   command
truth:  generate   a

test:  test screenshot .
truth: test screenshot . 
test:  test   parse
truth:  test   screenshot

test:  assert-like handler .
truth: sends an empty request through to the configured end-point . 
test:  retain   log
truth:  sends   null

test:  complete the var2 loss between -1 and h5 .
truth: select the server that allocates value using a binary search . 
test:  evaluates   enforces
truth:  select   null

test:  view function that renders the text in mic logger .
truth: responds to user-input . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  to   null

test:  decode a string using the url- and filesystem-safe base64 alphabet .
truth: decode a string encoded with the standard base64 alphabet . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  load the stack data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   data
truth:  load   load

test:  test that you can check its output from the end of a cache .
truth: see github issue #390 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  github   github

test:  returns a short .
truth: converts a load hook into an application processor . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  write all script in specified file .
truth: main entry point to process a list of . 
test:  using   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  set the immediate immediate window .
truth: have error output from twill go to the given fp instead of stderr . 
test:  sets   multiple
truth:  error   error

test:  execute an directly on the database .
truth: execute_directly -> http response for execution this method wraps around dbms . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  runs an exception when given a wsgi exception .
truth: test that an exception thrown in an error handler is handled . 
test:  exception   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: turns a sequence file into a single seqrecord . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  slices slices slices slices with slices .
truth: ensurse that a slice doesnt reduce to a series or scalar . 
test:  given   calculate
truth:  null   null

test:  make sure the module is active .
truth: check that customergrouppricingmodule is active . 
test:  use   test
truth:  check   check

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  training controller - uses the job to create a new custom_report table for people by skill .
truth: training events controller . 
test:  training   controller
truth:  training   events

test:  nats -> str arguments: log-normal -- the normalization key to be published .
truth: glues chops back together into a string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  chops   chops

test:  read lsm sequence of float pairs from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm time stamps from file and return as list . 
test:  read   count
truth:  read   lsm

test:  scan a postfix postfix of a postfix line .
truth: scan a postfix submission log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   a

test:  fail the test if given object is none .
truth: fail the test if given object is not none . 
test:  fail   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  test for get word from file without word word .
truth: test for get word from java file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test text when a labelsize is able to a link .
truth: tests for issue #1172 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  mm information section 9 .
truth: mm information section 9 . 
test:  edit   information
truth:  null   information

test:  enable the named container .
truth: set the named container to be launched at boot cli example: . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  set   set

test:  deletes a specified resource for a specified user .
truth: support rm ha by trying other rm api . 
test:  register   a
truth:  support   rm

test:  extract containers that are assigned to a deployment .
truth: turn the deployment state into serializable simple types for every container in the deployment state . 
test:  if   null
truth:  turn   null

test:  label encoding of the lvs inside a color .
truth: select bad channels . 
test:  test   click
truth:  select   null

test:  basic verification that logged in a wsgi middleware .
truth: creates the authtktmiddleware <class-paste . 
test:  make   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  given a discussion discussion string .
truth: generate the leading arrow in front of traceback or debugger . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts an expression to a datetime .
truth: string suitable for evaluation . 
test:  map   a
truth:  string   string

test:  used by all files in the cache .
truth: clear out cached state files . 
test:  clear   in
truth:  clear   null

test:  summarize the summary of the current machine .
truth: return mapping of job description to datasets for active items in supplied history - needed for building workflow from a history . 
test:  migrate   information
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  iterate over the items of a function .
truth: repeatedly apply a function func onto an original input yields x . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return the path to the disk block .
truth: return the disk block size . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a function string for a given name .
truth: attempts to returns unique namespace for function . 
test:  function   map
truth:  to   attempts

test:  test either if two is a numeric and both the string .
truth: numpy doesnt like to compare numeric arrays vs scalar string-likes return a boolean result if this is the case for a . 
test:  given   return
truth:  null   numpy

test:  returns a decorator that converts a function to a class to a normal decorator .
truth: wrap fn and print its execution time . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wrap   fn

test:  custom formstyle for filterform on the incident .
truth: custom formstyle for filterform . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  writes a component file .
truth: write component . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   component

test:  summarize the article script given the article generated by the user .
truth: ensures summaries are not cut off . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  ensures   summaries

test:  test freezing a exclude package with exclude .
truth: test excluding editable from freezing list . 
test:  backend   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of events for the provided time .
truth: shift an event . 
test:  to   events
truth:  shift   shift

test:  api method to delete a thumbnail on update web api .
truth: used to fill any additional fields after the save . 
test:  null   method
truth:  to   null

test:  convert seconds since epoch to log datetime string .
truth: convert seconds since epoch to http datetime string . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  return a generator that can be used to generate n .
truth: symbol generator generates sym_str_n where n is the number of times the generator has been called . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  print the event for an event .
truth: print event return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  null   sympy
truth:  print   event

test:  context manager that keeps the current working buffer .
truth: used via the with statement . 
test:  stores   null
truth:  used   null

test:  set the effective user and return the current effective user .
truth: change process privileges to new user/group . 
test:  set   set
truth:  process   process

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function kn(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert true .
truth: convert a string to a boolean value . 
test:  function   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  run colors .
truth: backfill slugs . 
test:  iterate   run
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes the ability documents from a search index .
truth: removes the given collections from the search index . 
test:  delete   run
truth:  removes   null

test:  decode a base encoded string into the alphabet .
truth: decode a base x encoded string into the number arguments: - string: the encoded string - alphabet: the alphabet to use for encoding . 
test:  decode   bytes
truth:  decode   a

test:  plot the environment for each individual registration .
truth: remove local files for a given document . 
test:  purges   environment
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gets the url for the course position .
truth: return the users current place in the course . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  list all users .
truth: return a list of titles for a given user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  retrieves the role policy for the specified name or name .
truth: get a role policy . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   a

test:  check if the github update is installed .
truth: check whether a newer release is available on github . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the message on tk .
truth: returns a string warning message if the tk version in use appears to be one known to cause problems with idle . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the ca certificate in the certificate file .
truth: get the certificate path or content ca_name name of the ca cn common name of the certificate as_text if true . 
test:  extract   wrapper
truth:  get   get

test:  decorate a function to create a capture .
truth: preprocessing decorator that applies type coercions . 
test:  coerce   block
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  ensure that a symlink relative to a symlink relative url is a symlink relative ones .
truth: create a symlink at link_path pointing to relative source . 
test:  if   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a generator of slices of k from list of k .
truth: return a generator that yields the k-tuples of nonnegative values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check coordinate coordinates against quaternions .
truth: spherical or cartesian represenation input coordinates . 
test:  input   test
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a previously registered fieldset .
truth: unregister a previously registered review request fieldset . 
test:  unregister   a
truth:  unregister   a

test:  returns the name of the current process .
truth: start node inspection and save the data to the database for further query . 
test:  null   null
truth:  start   node

test:  delete the given attachment specs item .
truth: delete the given attachment specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  load all lexers .
truth: load a lexer . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   a

test:  parse 2 options .
truth: parse given option string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  given   parse

test:  determines any svn:externals info that was automatically attempt .
truth: translate rest attributes on create to server object kwargs . 
test:  parse   assert
truth:  translate   rest

test:  find a bucket .
truth: function to cleanup generated s3 bucket and files . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  to   function

test:  confirm that the value should be transmitted .
truth: ask user a yes/no question and return their response as true or false . 
test:  question   function
truth:  ask   user

test:  parses a string like str or a long integer .
truth: parses an integer . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  convert a sound check string value to a tuple as used by replaygain .
truth: convert a sound check bytestring value to a tuple as used by replaygain . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a datetime object .
truth: accepts a time aware datetime object and a timezone name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  set an alert instance .
truth: lamp alert options: * **id**: specifies a device id . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   alert

test:  override a simple respecting which returns the result of the input values .
truth: private function to be used to pass as an alternate ontimeoutcancel value to timeoutdeferred . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  list cloud provider images for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list cloud provider images for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   cloud
truth:  list   cloud

test:  a utility method to remove arguments from a tuple .
truth: calculate the cache key . 
test:  is   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to imtext .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to imtext format . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  determine if the dbref type type type type is the type .
truth: converts/checks if input is a valid dbref . 
test:  to   a
truth:  if   null

test:  turn a sympy expression into a sympy expression .
truth: evaluates and tests all given expressions . 
test:  repeat   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  test if we cast to cast to cast .
truth: test that the casting behaviour is correct . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  extraordinary test program .
truth: sanity checks . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tries to corrupt a random rotation for a given type .
truth: corrupts a binary vector by inverting noiselevel percent of its bits . 
test:  get   a
truth:  corrupts   a

test:  generates a list of already-loaded statements for a given chain .
truth: generates iptables commands to get from old_rules to new_rules . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get info about the info container .
truth: get info about accounts or containers note: this call bypasses auth . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   info

test:  given a function .
truth: decorator for marking a method abstract . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the latest latest image for a distribution .
truth: returns a link to the latest gce image for a given distribution . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  trigger a site if there is no jobs for the event .
truth: trigger method in hooks . 
test:  give   null
truth:  trigger   method

test:  add a contributor to the document .
truth: add a contributor to a document . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  the config .
truth: save state of sopels config object to the configuration file . 
test:  catches   show
truth:  save   state

test:  format bytes in bytes .
truth: format bytes as human-readable file sizes . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  runs the dummy dummy test suite .
truth: run the work horse for a simplified heroku worker where perform_job just creates two sentinel files 2 seconds apart . 
test:  executes   run
truth:  run   run

test:  echo : echo socket for the current socket .
truth: echo messages on a rep socket should be started before latency . 
test:  send   null
truth:  echo   messages

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for djangos page titles .
truth: wrapper for developer page titles . 
test:  changes   database
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a dictionary mapping the latest repository metadata repository as a list of media_ranges definitions for the received repository revision .
truth: return the latest repository_metadata record for the received repository if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a bytestring bytestring to utf-8 encoded format .
truth: convert s3 utf-8 string to unicode or raise an exception . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  convert   s3

test:  verifies that the command is an optional command .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ as a list of compilers: as a mapping .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  build a regextokenizer from a string of formatters .
truth: like fromfile . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  like   like

test:  test that a column of replace matrices is coerced into a single column names .
truth: replace existing quantity column with a new column in a qtable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  existing   replace

test:  return a series of mapper .
truth: returns dict of start and end dates for given payroll frequency based on start_date . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  convert a document and a signed openid response to a plot object .
truth: return openid object from response . 
test:  call   parse
truth:  return   openid

test:  steps that match groups takes groups and match the scenario .
truth: steps that match groups and named groups takes just the named as parameters . 
test:  null   steps
truth:  null   steps

test:  empty 2d axes .
truth: returns a string containing the prettified form of expr . 
test:  expr   unicode
truth:  returns   a

test:  renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty .
truth: renames super-rename; create directories as necessary and delete any left empty . 
test:  renames   null
truth:  renames   null

test:  creates a new block version instance and registers the latest version number for the current flocker .
truth: parse the flocker version generated by versioneer into a :class:rpmversion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  a simple wrapper for the seed function .
truth: apply func to sub--elements of an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  func   func

test:  read forward meg .
truth: read meg forward . 
test:  read   eeg
truth:  read   meg

test:  test basic index for round-tripping .
truth: test that the get_index function properly generates indexes spanning days . 
test:  loading   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return the port from the given string like random server .
truth: parse the ip and port from a string in the format of: * host_or_ip <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * host_or_ipv4:port <- can be either ipv4 address literal or hostname/fqdn * [host_or_ip] <- ipv6 address literal * [host_or_ip]:port . 
test:  search   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the access token for a given uncached .
truth: oauth2 access token to act on behalf of the application . 
test:  get   access
truth:  access   access

test:  writes the name to the index file for a group .
truth: gets the name of the write index for a group . 
test:  write   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  all moving average .
truth: triple exponential moving average . 
test:  null   deviation
truth:  null   exponential

test:  if the directory is a front (as .
truth: return the first directory in a list of paths . 
test:  select   a
truth:  return   return

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  provides if we dont allow for containers .
truth: this helper function tries to hyperexpand() the meijer g-function corresponding to the parameters a1 . 
test:  find   decorator
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a command that runs a task with a passed command .
truth: run command as postgres user . 
test:  if   a
truth:  command   command

test:  credentials credentials .
truth: creates and returns an instance of a generic keystone client . 
test:  null   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  calculates the l2 projection of the l2 basis .
truth: l2 projects the function f on the basis over the domain lim . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  projects   projects

test:  checks if a string is an ipv4 address .
truth: check the name to see if its just an ip address . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  get the absolute area of the loop .
truth: get the absolute area of a complex polygon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the executable has isoread .
truth: returns whether the system has the iso-read executable maybe more checks could be added to see if iso-read supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sets the unittest flags flags .
truth: sets the unittest option flags . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  if this is not enabled .
truth: is a decorator that forces a wrapped method to be run in a runtime which has the enable_shopping_cart flag set . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  is   a

test:  compute the key for a order of a order .
truth: create a key to sort subtitle using the given order . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  date: after menus .
truth: given a tree of nodes cuts after n levels . 
test:  extends   multiple
truth:  given   a

test:  computes the linear cursess shapes for independent shape .
truth: give the shape resulting from multiplying two shapes . 
test:  null   multiplication
truth:  give   null

test:  returns a function that implements the given arguments of args .
truth: return matching the function signature . 
test:  call   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  pop one or more or all items from the queue queue .
truth: pop one or more or all items from the queue return them . 
test:  pop   function
truth:  pop   one

test:  creates and returns a collection .
truth: input data . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  input   data

test:  throws an exception if the signature or not positional .
truth: check if the function accepts the arguments and keyword arguments . 
test:  null   args
truth:  if   check

test:  test installing from a local directory .
truth: test installing from a local directory containing symlinks to directories . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  return the exit code of the dependency if it is available .
truth: return the gpg executable or raise an error . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a llvm function given an integer and a wrapper .
truth: wrap the given iternext() implementation so that it gets passed an _iternextresult() object easing the returning of the iternext() result pair . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  returns a list of files found in the configuration file .
truth: format a list of files . 
test:  provided   a
truth:  format   a

test:  a view that returns a get view .
truth: a simple login protected view . 
test:  get   view
truth:  null   a

test:  serialize python object to a raw object .
truth: serializes given object . 
test:  obj   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the potential potential type corresponding to a given :py:class:datetime .
truth: potential energy of a multibody system . 
test:  test   label
truth:  null   energy

test:  convert an object to a long and returns none .
truth: returns a deep copy of the given object . 
test:  copy   convert
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary of bban from a key/value pair .
truth: returns the basic bank account number corresponding to an iban . 
test:  return   current
truth:  returns   returns

test:  grab a lock on job:table_sizes and call runonce .
truth: grab the job lock and call runonce if acquired . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  adds data_dir to the given data .
truth: when this function is called the datastream can only contain a _items list . 
test:  appends   null
truth:  null   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the third axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along the first axis . 
test:  splits   null
truth:  splits   null

test:  prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr .
truth: prints a prettyprinted version of args to stderr . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  decorator used to mark a function as a nocleanup .
truth: decorator used to disable cleanup function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  used   decorator

test:  retrieve a named entry pair for a named pairs args: user_feed: : the name of the named pairs returns: bool: .
truth: returns the entry in key given results provided by register_pairs . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  wrapper around inserting a dimension .
truth: get values of each dimension . 
test:  tuple   values
truth:  get   values

test:  create a pmap for all classes .
truth: serialize a pmap model to something json-encodable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  serialize   a

test:  helper called by initializer the top level of a common folders .
truth: add default values to common config and expand ~ in paths . 
test:  import   null
truth:  default   default

test:  migrates all db manager to the database .
truth: if the auth tables dont exist . 
test:  migrate   attempts
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the vms exists .
truth: query whether a vm exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  query   query

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the named service . 
test:  start   service
truth:  start   start

test:  a function that parses a client .
truth: constructs a www-authenticate header for digest authentication . 
test:  array   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : minusminus unary_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  return the list of configuration errors for the current configuration file .
truth: returns all configuration errors . 
test:  return   guess
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a temporary file with the given extension .
truth: return an unused filename with the same extension as the specified path . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  determines whether the system needs to be rebooted .
truth: determines if the system needs to be rebooted . 
test:  function   return
truth:  if   null

test:  set the data to be used .
truth: set the clipboard to some given data . 
test:  overrides   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  for virt only .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  verify a slug list is necessary .
truth: check slug . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   slug

test:  approximately approximately approximately .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a project .
truth: returns project matching parameters . 
test:  project   a
truth:  project   project

test:  get the migration of a compute .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window for a specific destination compute host . 
test:  get   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  merge a hash for a usage: .
truth: given a value spelled "algo:digest" . 
test:  tuple   null
truth:  given   a

test:  norm is the inverse of the parent slicing as a list of lists of [[dd-]hh:]mm:ss .
truth: gets a list of relations . 
test:  simulates   returns
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the last modified order .
truth: guess how far behind the traffic processing system is . 
test:  null   return
truth:  guess   guess

test:  get the list of objects .
truth: returns the connection of a netproxy . 
test:  get   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove module .
truth: the rest of the tests dont need custom tombstones remove the cluster so as to not interfere with other tests . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   rest

test:  makes increasing matrix decreasing .
truth: makes boxplot trace for increasing candlesticks _make_increasing_candle() and _make_decreasing_candle separate the increasing traces from the decreasing traces so kwargs can be passed separately to increasing or decreasing traces when direction is set to increasing or decreasing in figurefactory . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  retrieve templates from a mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the version of a mysql server using the output from the select version() query . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the android api window handle previously set with .
truth: set the android context . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  shows all events of the given events .
truth: this page presents a list of all the events and links to the event log viewer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   page

test:  variance of the asymmetry of a given image .
truth: variance of a random expression expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   variance

test:  serialization wrapper .
truth: serialization wrapper we prefer using json . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the string string .
truth: get the local attribute value string with augmented assignment . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  filter the data for a filter using a filter decomposition .
truth: minimum mean square error inverse filter . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  mean   mean

test:  show info on an installed image uuid : string uuid of show cli example: .
truth: show manifest of a given image uuid : string uuid of image cli example: . 
test:  list   state
truth:  show   manifest

test:  parses the version string like b12 .
truth: parses the flask-sqlalchemy version string into a pair of integers . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check that all of the entrance exam are present in the exam .
truth: grabs all problem descriptors in exam and checks each descriptor to confirm that it supports re-scoring . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  grabs   null

test:  verify calling & reuse should be subclasses on subclasses with subclasses of subclasses when the class is called with a sharedmethod on subclasses .
truth: regression test for an issue where sharedmethod would bind to one class for all time . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a dict of setter methods for the given ax_end .
truth: return the name of set functions for all fields . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: locattr locattr locattr works like attr . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   locattr

test:  get the complex polygon .
truth: get the vector3 path from the complex path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the properties field of the sparse variable .
truth: return the indptr field of the sparse variable . 
test:  return   rfc
truth:  return   return

test:  return the string expression expression .
truth: loose checking if s is a pytables-acceptable expression . 
test:  schedule   null
truth:  checking   checking

test:  compute the harris corner measure for a non-negative image .
truth: compute harris corner measure response image . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  compute   harris

test:  return the class for the given obj .
truth: get a suitable __repr__ string for an object . 
test:  given   get
truth:  get   a

test:  vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros .
truth: vertical prewitt on an array of all zeros . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  makes a query suitable for the desired query .
truth: make a message which is a response for the specified query . 
test:  wraps   function
truth:  make   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  add a medias loop for the user .
truth: add a broadcast . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  add   a

test:  interpret a directory tree .
truth: attempt to locate a locustfile . 
test:  find   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns a securely generated random string .
truth: returns a securely generated random string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work .
truth: url - generic interface - generic delegate only reference types should work . 
test:  url   -
truth:  -   -

test:  liability delete .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns true if the server is running in this web .
truth: given ip and port determine if a theres a bound webserver instance . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  ip   ip

test:  add the host and the list of hosts .
truth: add a host to an existing entry . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  test installing a relative requirements file .
truth: test installing from a requirements file with a relative path with an egg= definition . 
test:  if   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a cname record lookup . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  itemfield view .
truth: location view . 
test:  owned   page
truth:  view   view

test:  send email to a target .
truth: copied from website/mails/mails . 
test:  function   a
truth:  copied   null

test:  make sure we can get new arguments .
truth: replace the alt+space character by a simple space . 
test:  test   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  load scores wiggle wiggle .
truth: read a wiggle file and return a dict of binnedarray objects keyed by chromosome . 
test:  load   download
truth:  read   a

test:  return contextwin element .
truth: win :: int corresponding to the size of the window given a list of indexes composing a sentence l :: array containing the word indexes it will return a list of list of indexes corresponding to context windows surrounding each word in the sentence . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  win   null

test:  process markup in the .
truth: process markup in the . 
test:  process   markup
truth:  process   markup

test:  test cylinder comparison .
truth: test cylinder function . 
test:  test   sphere
truth:  test   cylinder

test:  display all commands .
truth: print a help menu . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   a

test:  commits a transaction and resets the dirty flag .
truth: commits a transaction . 
test:  commits   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  require a database to be coerced .
truth: specify a third-party package to use . 
test:  check   a
truth:  specify   a

test:  reads the correct atomic savepoint .
truth: a variant of djangos atomic() which cannot be nested inside another atomic . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   variant

test:  set the minimum score for the given course_id .
truth: set the score and max_score for the specified user and xblock usage . 
test:  activate   a
truth:  set   set

test:  fixture which checks if a forum is in the locked .
truth: a locked topic by a user with normal permissions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  locked   a

test:  returns a list of all the files found in the scrapyd .
truth: get all extensions from core and all subprojects . 
test:  to   use
truth:  get   get

test:  runs a document and return the document .
truth: return a |document| object loaded from *docx* . 
test:  function   wikisyntax
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate specific volume type from specific qos type .
truth: disassociate a volume type from specific qos specs . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  creates a suitable aggregate with the given name and return its name .
truth: returns an aggregate function name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a python file .
truth: given the name of a python module . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  remove the url that isnt going to be appended .
truth: return a copy of the string with the protocol designation stripped . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  yaml: openshift-scaler hide builder during the build .
truth: yaml: maven-builder execute maven3 builder allows your build jobs to deploy artifacts automatically to artifactory . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a url marked to base url .
truth: modified version of url from gluon/html . 
test:  register   expression
truth:  modified   version

test:  restores a configuration configs from the database .
truth: sets plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  scan   config
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  a json_formatter for the specified expression tree .
truth: return true if an expression is ok with current messages . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert s to str .
truth: unicode-safe conversion of an object s into a utf-8 encoded str . 
test:  is   case
truth:  null   conversion

test:  test that text too polar names from polar .
truth: check for type of output and columns in output for wedge text source . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  test our lib constructor .
truth: we add this test as not all language and c implementation give the same sign to the result . 
test:  test   a
truth:  add   add

test:  check if object is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string sequence . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  statement_list : parameter_list comma rbrace .
truth: initializer_list : initializer_list comma initializer . 
test:  null   parameter_list
truth:  null   null

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute student answers to a given problem and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   handles
truth:  compute   student

test:  stubbed zfs .
truth: maximum usable scratch space for the zfs arc in secondary memory - see comments for userland_reserved_mem . 
test:  guess   tuple
truth:  null   maximum

test:  returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 3-axis .
truth: returns a rotation matrix for a rotation of theta about the 1-axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check a signature value .
truth: helper function to create a matcher that matches callables that . 
test:  test   generic
truth:  function   function

test:  estimate the matrix to quadratic by the projection or limit: .
truth: compute parameters for a box-cox normality plot . 
test:  plots   fixture
truth:  compute   parameters

test:  drop-in fit for all numa instance .
truth: fit the instance topology onto the host topology . 
test:  calculate   try
truth:  fit   fit

test:  tests that the compatibility compatibility with a regular expression folder is correctly we can make sure the deep deep on the path .
truth: this test checks if the new change to multinomialfromuniform is still compatible with old interface . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  verifies that the elems should contain a new scenario .
truth: passing --failfast to the harvest command will cause lettuce to stop in the first failure . 
test:  null   images
truth:  passing   null

test:  calculates a time zone as a datetime .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta . 
test:  returns   sequences
truth:  format   format

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  validates a host and raise typeerror if it is not a valid host and can be listed .
truth: validate a provided host mapping . 
test:  github   html
truth:  validate   a

test:  turn the ricci of the users browser header into a list of supported keys which would be deleted .
truth: if the users browser sends a list of preferred languages in the http_accept_language header . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two lists of common elements in a and b .
truth: compare elements if a and b have same elements this method doesnt consider ordering . 
test:  compare   returns
truth:  compare   elements

test:  create a url by / folder based on its path component .
truth: a function to generate url_for helpers . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  check that search is dynamic .
truth: try to find out the type of a variable just with the information that is given by the flows: e . 
test:  if   null
truth:  to   try

test:  set the handler for the tree .
truth: clobber the _ct_inventory attribute of this object and all sub-objects on save . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  clobber   null

test:  classify a function or a list of weights .
truth: classify -> class classify an observation into a class . 
test:  classify   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  returns the energy of the first kind of order n .
truth: returns the energy of the state corresponding to quantum number n . 
test:  dictionary   multiplication
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore all tables from a table by removing a list of table trees .
truth: modifies the table names to restore the long-naming . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  modifies   null

test:  return a list of files for a given directory .
truth: get list of font files on os x - ignores font suffix by default . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new collection .
truth: create a new bookmark collection project . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for older versions for easy .
truth: attach a lot of summaries to a tensor . 
test:  to   normalization
truth:  attach   a

test:  transform a given reference object into a protocol .
truth: copy a reference . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  decorator for the decorated decorator .
truth: decorator to make given functions into trainer extensions . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  turn a signal from the s_out command .
truth: signals nginx to start . 
test:  signals   httpd
truth:  signals   nginx

test:  download a certain plugins in a shell .
truth: mock command for openshift_cmd . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  command   command

test:  returns true if list looks like a list .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   method

test:  make sure the text is cleared properly .
truth: make sure the text doesnt get elided if its empty . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  update default configuration options for oslo .
truth: update default configuration options for oslo . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  same as str .
truth: choose the correct pco element . 
test:  choose   manager
truth:  choose   null

test:  check that we can still import this file with a futures .
truth: no files are provided so any operation should fail . 
test:  null   a
truth:  files   files

test:  zip action .
truth: zip format message route . 
test:  render   context
truth:  format   format

test:  returns the value of the git revision .
truth: gets the current git revision hash as hex string . 
test:  validate   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  splitport --> host .
truth: splitport --> host . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  command : command .
truth: command : def id lparen id rparen equals expr . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  a shortcut for the cuboids .
truth: returns a list of cuboids with all hierarchical level combinations . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return block information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return block_devices information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls args if args is not a method .
truth: decorator to allow a single arg function to accept multiple arguments . 
test:  given   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns a dict of sample updates for a complete model .
truth: construct the sample theano function . 
test:  null   fetch
truth:  construct   null

test:  compute polynomial sequence of expression .
truth: rewrite a polynomial in horner form . 
test:  compute   masking
truth:  rewrite   a

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: fill an inset gcode file . 
test:  place   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  returns a string representing the current time ident .
truth: dummy implementation of _thread . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation .
truth: helper function to parse the backend configuration that doesnt use the uri notation . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  asserts the integer has n the first output .
truth: asserts the tabular output contains n columns . 
test:  assert   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> .
truth: yaml: findbugs findbugs reporting for builds requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <findbugs+plugin> . 
test:  null   findbugs
truth:  null   findbugs

test:  filters a list of all vertex sequences that are ordered by the following user: .
truth: perform a walk in a depth-first order starting at *head* . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  returns a human-readable string of the pairs in the word .
truth: returns the number of consecutive vowel-consonant pairs in the word . 
test:  null   like
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: create the request body for creating a snapshot from the provided arguments . 
test:  create   temporary
truth:  create   create

test:  construct a polynomial ring returning (ring .
truth: construct a polynomial ring returning . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new library instance from the configuration .
truth: create a new library instance from the configuration . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  sets the app version .
truth: set the user-agent to be used for requests to the musicbrainz webservice . 
test:  builds   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the input plot .
truth: check to make sure the default lineoffset matches the input lineoffset . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  return a frequency .
truth: hook to install the type under a specific name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   hook

test:  attempt to split the leaf using the leaf in a leaf expression .
truth: split expression for chunked computation break up a computation leaf -> expr so that it can be run in chunks . 
test:  splits   dataframe
truth:  split   expression

test:  password password .
truth: handle password change requests originating from the account page . 
test:  to   null
truth:  password   password

test:  override a specific timeout of the given action .
truth: override the default timeout for forcemerge . 
test:  calling   calls
truth:  override   override

test:  bump cache for shop that dont contain shop when is not there is not given all shop products .
truth: bump cache for given shop product clear cache for shop product . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  cache   cache

test:  used to cache the flag values .
truth: caching is not completely configured . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  is   null

test:  get the value of the pause variable .
truth: get the value of a variable in make . 
test:  return   server
truth:  get   get

test:  return value of json types .
truth: return the value for sensor_type from the json . 
test:  value   json
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the bytes required to serialize a field with this field number .
truth: returns the number of bytes required to serialize a tag with this field number . 
test:  apply   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to find the python source file from the terminology path .
truth: given a file path return the corresponding splitted modules name :type filename: str . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  removes all files which come getting if available .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the log hint . 
test:  expand   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return a list of tuples .
truth: represent acls in tables for testing purposes . 
test:  is   null
truth:  represent   acls

test:  encode the messages payload payload in base64 payload .
truth: encode the messages payload in base64 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  return a list of resources .
truth: return a list of resources for which a source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test fit sample method with multiclass target .
truth: test fit sample method with multiclass target . 
test:  fit   tests
truth:  fit   fit

test:  returns the description of a list of lines of lines of a given name .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert mean .
truth: scale an in value in the range to the range . 
test:  transforms   val
truth:  scale   scale

test:  yaml: ci-skip take rvm class for rvm .
truth: yaml: rvm-env set the rvm implementation requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:rvm plugin <rvm+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the surface from the surface .
truth: surface fitting constraint . 
test:  finds   unit
truth:  null   surface

test:  set the pony .
truth: adds pony power to any application . 
test:  access   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  log a message with severity notice on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity notice on the root logger . 
test:  log   null
truth:  log   a

test:  efficiently setup for the passed vm .
truth: run tests in vm . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create an archive file .
truth: create an archive file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  subscribe a tag to the given user .
truth: given user_data in the form of a list of dictionaries for each user . 
test:  subscribe   null
truth:  given   null

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: metadef tags resource factory method . 
test:  namespaces   function
truth:  null   tags

test:  check if a given image is a valid image file .
truth: simple wrapper around image_type to yield a true/false verdict . 
test:  if   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  group backend to show items of backend .
truth: group items by backend type . 
test:  backend   items
truth:  null   items

test:  given a locale .
truth: an ajax view to create a new announcement for the current locale . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   null

test:  helper function to find connection with connection settings .
truth: return a valid . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the ids of #stat_node for a given instructortask .
truth: returns instructortask object corresponding to a given task_id . 
test:  to   mapping
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a dict with the old 302 preference for the given course .
truth: gets invoice copy users preferences . 
test:  checking   method
truth:  gets   null

test:  save configuration file .
truth: convert a logical configuration to the haproxy version . 
test:  exposes   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  convenience function for creating a row in a row .
truth: multiplies two lists representing row and column element-wise . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  the pprint for classes and types .
truth: base pprint for all exceptions . 
test:  allow   pprint
truth:  base   pprint

test:  given a scalar .
truth: convert string r to a timedelta object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  string   string

test:  test a string with polish diacritical characters .
truth: test a string with polish diacritical characters and fancy characters . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  detect the periodical configuration .
truth: detect if the toc object toc contains a periodical that conforms to the structure required by kindlegen to generate a periodical . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require an rpm package to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  elapse elapse .
truth: group files by their status . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  files   files

test:  get the skeinforge plugins directory path .
truth: get the skeinforge directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  run a lazy lazy on a given target .
truth: test concurrent operations on a lazily-connecting client . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  return a uri given a uri .
truth: parse a uri string into a urireference . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a generator of connected components of graph .
truth: generate connected components as subgraphs . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  connected   generate

test:  returns a list of templates matching a set of templates .
truth: returns all files in dirs that have template extensions . 
test:  use   f
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated .
truth: return a decorator that marks callables as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   a

test:  command : if error then integer .
truth: command : if relexpr then error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  sample from dlmf 5 .
truth: sample index from probability distribution . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  index   index

test:  retrieve all quotas for a quota class .
truth: retrieve all default quotas . 
test:  retrieve   default
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  converts all the keys of a dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: helper function for scrolled canvas . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  the loss function .
truth: the negative log likelihood loss . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test unlink_identity service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_follower service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  returns the number of migration migration 1 .
truth: data migration from the jobdesign table to the new oozie-based models . 
test:  retrieve   up
truth:  null   migration

test:  return a logger for the given logger .
truth: returns logger used by multiprocessing . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  returns   logger

test:  add new email to the queue queue .
truth: add an email to the email queue . 
test:  to   config
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the current interval .
truth: how frequent to scan g1 gc log . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove a given list of handlers from the given list of handlers .
truth: remove a handler reference from the internal cleanup list . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  return indices of the canonical elements of an array .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  using   null
truth:  return   x

test:  decorator to mark a function as a *cls object .
truth: function decorator to help with recursion . 
test:  use   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  return the turan graph .
truth: return the turan graph the turan graph is a complete multipartite graph on n vertices with r disjoint subsets . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the time formatting patterns used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  read in a file and return its contents .
truth: read unicode from given file . 
test:  read   content
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  migrate location credentials for image to be changed .
truth: migrate location credentials for encrypted swift uris between the quoted and unquoted forms . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  migrate   location

test:  add surrounding loop beginning beginning .
truth: add nested ring beginning to gcode output . 
test:  get   add
truth:  nested   add

test:  add a pool to a pool on the master cli examples: .
truth: add a node to a pool cli examples: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  check all workers in the given worker .
truth: check if all workers are still alive . 
test:  function   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return true if given link is any of the marketing link .
truth: returns a boolean if any given named marketing links are configured . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for strings .
truth: tokenize a strports string and yield each token . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  the pprint for classes .
truth: a pprint that just redirects to the normal repr function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pprint

test:  returns a list of all total instances of the given class .
truth: return total lifetime pageviews for given codename(s) . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test major dots with no labels .
truth: test major dots with no labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fetch the trade configuration .
truth: carries out an infinite while loop that polls the events queue and directs each event to either the strategy component of the execution handler . 
test:  calls   add
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure vm is running on the computenode name : string hostname of vm .
truth: starts an existing guest . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  this function returns a vdi that has been modified .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clone   null
truth:  clones   a

test:  format an error message to the given message .
truth: method to format error message . 
test:  wraps   build
truth:  to   method

test:  a helper to filedef .
truth: transform document to an xml-like form with html5lib . 
test:  xml   null
truth:  document   document

test:  same as a / b .
truth: same as a /= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test unicode with banned characters .
truth: test disarmed slugify . 
test:  disarmed   test
truth:  disarmed   test

test:  getopt -> opts .
truth: getopt -> opts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  simple wrapper for classes that should only have a single instance .
truth: decorator to ensures a class follows the singleton pattern . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  to   decorator

test:  reads the current user from the history .
truth: obtain an authorization token for the github api . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  return an optiongroup parser object for generic options .
truth: return an optiongroup object group -- assumed to be dict with name and options keys parser -- an optparse parser . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  update a new quota class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update resource name in quota_class . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   resource

test:  runs the application .
truth: the gunicorn_paster command for launching paster compatible applications like pylons or turbogears2 . 
test:  run   transform
truth:  null   null

test:  set a packed .
truth: set gl configuration for glfw . 
test:  set   columns
truth:  set   gl

test:  update the database rating object .
truth: used to fill the average rating field on overallrating change . 
test:  add   null
truth:  to   null

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: resources resource factory method . 
test:  stacks   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  test the initialisation of the object .
truth: test the initialisation of the object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test position directly from a position of position .
truth: regression check for #3800: position_angle should accept floats . 
test:  test   gateway
truth:  check   check

test:  check that the cookiecutter list is not even when not getting init .
truth: call cookiecutter() with no_input=true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  call   call

test:  return the absolute path for a file .
truth: if the path is not absolute . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  if   null

test:  set the movie mode for the given view function .
truth: make view ignore shop maintenance mode . 
test:  null   test
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space .
truth: returns a string of count lorem ipsum words separated by a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  handles a message .
truth: returns a message delete confirmation page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  view decorator for bench .
truth: a decorator factory for sipping benchmarks conditionally . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns list of courseware maps to current course with the given supplied list of courseware .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  given   a

test:  converts a numpy ndarray to a numpy array parameters raw : array-like input parameter to be converted to be converted .
truth: used if lux_ain is set to between 0 and 7; indicating that the iosync light meter peripheral is attached to that analog input line . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of parser that work for the provided platform .
truth: provides the types of connection resolvers likely to be available on this platform . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  verifies that a directory with this directory is provided .
truth: verifies that a directory does not exist . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return true if the named service is available .
truth: check that the given service is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the evaluated value as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the line number of the jinja error .
truth: return the line number where the template error was found . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  update variables stored in the environment variables .
truth: check if were currently running on a ci system . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  determine a adds/updates reference for a forward or a forward by cant be a datacenter .
truth: convert forward solution matrices to dicts . 
test:  copy   eeg
truth:  convert   convert

test:  splits up a single port into a list of hosts .
truth: takes a string of the form host1[:port] . 
test:  split   split
truth:  takes   a

test:  save a filename to a process .
truth: save a graph . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  toggle uptime of float that are as part of the callback function .
truth: convert a list of the following form: [years . 
test:  to   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return filesystem or none .
truth: return filesystem or none . 
test:  get   filesystem
truth:  return   filesystem

test:  clean up link in text .
truth: remove leading and trailing whitespace and punctuation . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  leading   remove

test:  given an image in the user format .
truth: save a a return value from tile_raster_images to filename . 
test:  create   a
truth:  save   a

test:  test user to user using sessions .
truth: test purging user using purge_user function . 
test:  purging   test
truth:  purging   test

test:  return a list of scene exceptions that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  format an image ref for consumption outside of this module .
truth: format a member ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  is   a
truth:  format   a

test:  generate a random asset asset for the given course .
truth: generates a single assetmetadata object with semi-random data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  read named ranges .
truth: read named ranges . 
test:  attribute   read
truth:  named   read

test:  get a path to the directory of this script .
truth: get a path to the directory of this script . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  get the latest release tags this returns the latest release tags .
truth: return the name of the git tag for the latest stable release . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a logrotate script that will be deleted on the application .
truth: removes logrotate script for the given application . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  removes   logrotate

test:  lookup a command .
truth: returns 0 if key not found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  searches for a sequence and returns a list with all the first search results .
truth: fuzzy search for query in list of strings . 
test:  mask   list
truth:  search   search

test:  pad list with default size for a default container size .
truth: pad list with default elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  resolve a set of attributes to a set of attributes .
truth: resolve the arguments from a node class into an ordereddict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  only load the module if the os is installed .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  require an addons reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an "unlisted addons" reviewer user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  given a length as a timer .
truth: convert font size to rem so that font size scaling works . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   font

test:  run breakpoint widget test .
truth: run find in files widget test . 
test:  get   pylint
truth:  find   find

test:  like djangos login_required .
truth: decorator to temporarily changes a single request environemnt value create a new test app and use the a side effect of making a request to set an extra_environ value . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   controller

test:  return a list of groups the user names .
truth: return a list of groups the named user belongs to . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  register an adapter class .
truth: register an adapter class . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity with guestbook_name .
truth: constructs a datastore key for a guestbook entity . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  run a all the tests from the datasets .
truth: shared main for any individual test_* file . 
test:  null   run
truth:  shared   null

test:  returns three letter id for given image type .
truth: returns image ec2_id using id and three letter type . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  returns   image

test:  read the object from the string .
truth: read a plist data from a string . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   a

test:  check if the current scope node is higher this is requesting from a nodewhile .
truth: search for the first function which encloses the given scope . 
test:  null   null
truth:  search   search

test:  delete a task .
truth: a prompt choice callback that aborts the importer . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  use the uploaded hash to verify the sha contents .
truth: use the sha digest hash to verify the uploaded contents . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   use

test:  a decorator to add a single func to a function .
truth: a decorator to add a single method as a property to an existing class:: @monkeypatch_property def <newmethod>: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a set of ports that are followed by the users ports .
truth: finds the names of all serial ports present on the system :returns: returns an iterable with all the serial ports . 
test:  return   up
truth:  finds   null

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   home
truth:  null   crud

test:  add a plugin plugin menu .
truth: add plugins to the menu . 
test:  add   plugins
truth:  add   plugins

test:  returns a resourcereference for an object .
truth: returns true of false based on whether the object is flagged one or more times with a particular flag type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generator to return an iterator over a series of bytes .
truth: generate a list of chunks of data read from f . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the value of the salt cloud provider .
truth: retrieves the application indexes and their states . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  make a average wrapping an average from a url wrapping it .
truth: create an eeg average reference ssp projection vector . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  create   create

test:  rotate polygon by degrees of polygon .
truth: given a polygon with vertices defined by . 
test:  changes   coordinates
truth:  given   a

test:  main function .
truth: determine what the most resource free host is based on the given data . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  attempt to match a report of vhds matching a given message .
truth: extract all items from the allkeys list whose key matches one of the regular expressions passed in reportkeys . 
test:  parse   utility
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a list of the closure that are allocated by the given closure .
truth: given a set of states . 
test:  set   return
truth:  given   a

test:  converts raw data into urlencoded terms .
truth: accept x-www-form-urlencoded data and reformat it into a low state data structure . 
test:  exit   ansi
truth:  accept   accept

test:  return a dict that is used by the jsi18n alignment .
truth: returns a query object to retrieve data from the core reporting api . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of add-ons instances for the given addon .
truth: get a list of dicts describing the payment portals for this app or user . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform a numpy array into a serialized list of extracted .
truth: transform a numpy arrays into serialized format converts un-serializable dtypes and returns json serializable format args: array : a numpy array to be transformed force_list : whether to only output to standard lists this function can encode some dtypes using a binary encoding . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  generator function that generates stats for stats .
truth: generator function that yields specified amount of random paragraphs with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  delete the specified dns entries .
truth: delete the specified dns entry . 
test:  delete   quota
truth:  delete   delete

test:  enable the entity cache to be used in the cache .
truth: enable the entity cache . 
test:  enable   ipv6
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return the appropriate character instance for a appropriate type .
truth: infer layout of the given memoryview *val* . 
test:  if   null
truth:  layout   layout

test:  set a new property extra_args additional options for the pcs prop file cibfile additional options for the pcs property cibfile instead of the property cibfile cib cibfile additional options for
truth: set the value of a cluster property prop name of the property value value of the property prop extra_args additional options for the pcs property command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  queues a new email for the user .
truth: keep user . 
test:  if   null
truth:  keep   user

test:  create a new method .
truth: creates a responder for "405 method not allowed" args: allowed_methods: a list of http methods that should be returned in the allow header . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a dir formatted for the given file .
truth: return the size of the file . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the aws account policy .
truth: get account policy for the aws account . 
test:  get   function
truth:  account   account

test:  return a host in the make json-compatible .
truth: return an empty gateway option . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the aggregated data from the aggregated aggregated and all the pillar data .
truth: return the minion configuration settings . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  polygon point .
truth: given two absolute paths . 
test:  determine   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  find a new library library inferred by the library .
truth: tries to locate a library listed in candidates using the given find_library() function . 
test:  searches   i
truth:  to   null

test:  when installing is an old package with a specific version .
truth: it does upgrade to specific version requested . 
test:  if   null
truth:  does   null

test:  extract the dotted paths from a path .
truth: changes /usr/lib/python3 . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  changes   changes

test:  calculate new and save contributors .
truth: calculate and save the support forum contributor counts . 
test:  update   update
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return the english language code for the language code .
truth: return language code for lookup in local dictionary . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  return   language

test:  setup the closest sensor .
truth: set up the bom sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  prints out the status .
truth: print list of commands to run . 
test:  null   prints
truth:  list   list

test:  return true if text is related to the domain we are using the 3 .
truth: return true if text is a sort-of-like a host domain name . 
test:  return   response
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to use queries the first method to verify that the target key gets logged with the current function .
truth: wraps filtered api calls with role based access controls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  filtered   null

test:  convert a file name to the octal .
truth: using os . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  using   os

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: generate support for a type library . 
test:  place   factory
truth:  support   support

test:  raises an exception if the specified event is valid .
truth: ensure that the sender id is valid . 
test:  null   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  class decorator to lxc documentation for a given axis .
truth: return a tuple of the doc parms . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sets the client for the response to be "mobile" .
truth: sets a device name in a cookie when a user explicitly wants to go to the site for a particular device . 
test:  assigns   add
truth:  sets   a

test:  returns the float value for the given data structure .
truth: extract the srid from a postgis raster string . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  filter top and remove aln from otus .
truth: filters the representative set of seqs based on which samples should be removed . 
test:  returns   -
truth:  filters   filters

test:  translate db to show the db object .
truth: this method converts a channel in the database to a json dictionary . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  null   method

test:  a coroutine for the keyword argument to the keyword arguments .
truth: a keyword see get hello for details . 
test:  return   f
truth:  null   keyword

test:  given a list of modules .
truth: return list of array modules for opengl module . 
test:  null   call
truth:  list   list

test:  destroy the floating ips by floating ip .
truth: destroy a lot of floating ips from the values dictionary . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  given a list of sorted slices .
truth: index array with sorted list index forms a dask for the following case x[: . 
test:  null   accept
truth:  array   array

test:  wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct reverse .
truth: wraps djangos reverse to prepend the correct locale and app . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  returns a list of targets to be used as a different numpy array .
truth: find guids with no referents and guids with referents that no longer exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  sets a target .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  build   build

test:  build a list of tuples to put into a list of sub tuples .
truth: build the post body for the /api/clone{files . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   build

test:  returns true if the staff staff for the given course has an wiki wiki .
truth: returns whether the user has staff access to the wiki represented by wiki_slug . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a system path to a file .
truth: convert filepath to a regular path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   filepath

test:  create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict .
truth: create an sgml/xml attribute string based on the items in a dict . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  setup the demo alarm .
truth: setup the demo switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a ed25519 downloadable a repository record for the received repository defined by eve .
truth: return the latest downloadable repository_metadata record for the received repository . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  a failure to make a normal element .
truth: one-shot helper to generate sax events from an xml tree and fire them against a sax contenthandler . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  warn if dependencies arent met .
truth: warn if dependencies arent met . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get all migration for instance .
truth: finds a migration by the instance uuid its migrating . 
test:  get   null
truth:  finds   a

test:  return true if there is prime for any of this number .
truth: takes number and determines if it is prime . 
test:  if   check
truth:  takes   number

test:  return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* evaluate to *true* . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  like djangos .
truth: creates an oauth2decorator populated from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the xml for a given python xml element .
truth: determine the encoding of an xml file by reading its header . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  splits an array into multiple sub arrays along each along each along that broadcast along the given axis .
truth: splits an array into multiple sub arrays along a given axis . 
test:  given   no
truth:  splits   null

test:  decodes a rrq packet .
truth: decodes a rrq/wrq packet . 
test:  file   a
truth:  decodes   a

test:  fit dask .
truth: fit scikit learn model against dask arrays model must support the partial_fit interface for online or batch learning . 
test:  fit   feature
truth:  fit   scikit

test:  for a rectangle that is acceptable for a rectangle .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf old version without precomputing cdf values parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  normalize   return
truth:  quantize   a

test:  uses a list of gpg to display .
truth: uses a list of friends and creates the output for alfred . 
test:  null   list
truth:  uses   a

test:  string concatenation aggregator for original items .
truth: string concatenation aggregator for sqlite . 
test:  string   key
truth:  string   concatenation

test:  http link to a list of revisions revisions .
truth: html link to related revisions for admin change list . 
test:  returns   link
truth:  link   link

test:  compare two files .
truth: tests whether two folders . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the port status for the specified cluster .
truth: retrieve the operational status of the port . 
test:  return   build
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the time in a datetime object .
truth: return the difference between two timing objects . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler for handling endpoint .
truth: item endpoint handler . 
test:  endpoint   function
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  check if the given args is a valid name .
truth: like is_valid_args for builtins in our signatures registry . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  creates a new api identified by a given key .
truth: create an api key given name and description . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  list pending entries .
truth: list pending entries . 
test:  list   a
truth:  pending   list

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  recursively handle extra lists to the extra dicts .
truth: handles extra keys in payload . 
test:  null   null
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return the message xml character .
truth: rfc 3501 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rfc   rfc

test:  ensure the apache module is enabled .
truth: checks to see if the specific mod symlink is in /etc/apache2/mods-enabled . 
test:  module   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet table .
truth: convert period_beginning and period_ending to datetime . 
test:  perform   duplicate
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds all items in an predicate .
truth: a helper to return the first element found in the sequence that meets the predicate . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if theres no code for given technique .
truth: returns true whether techniques using stacking are available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  try to rebuild a path for the en-fr script .
truth: normjoin combines the following python os . 
test:  null   null
truth:  combines   null

test:  given a course_id and a corresponding x11 key .
truth: convert course and usage id strings into key objects . 
test:  usage_key_string   parse
truth:  convert   course

test:  subtract dense polynomials in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute exact quotient in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  time   polynomials
truth:  compute   compute

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: confine this module to windows systems with the required execution module available . 
test:  load   work
truth:  confine   null

test:  install this tornado environment as the tornado .
truth: set the tornado ioloop instance with the pyzmq ioloop . 
test:  loads   install
truth:  set   set

test:  a decorator form a typeerror to define a magic of a deprecation method .
truth: adds a function/method to an object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  adds   a

test:  open or create database based on configuration .
truth: open all or specified cover . 
test:  open   close
truth:  open   open

test:  return the container info for a given container .
truth: returns information about a container . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   information

test:  creates a most recent savepoint .
truth: creates a savepoint inside the current transaction . 
test:  creates   back
truth:  creates   a

test:  download the file at url to target using powershell .
truth: download the file at url to target using powershell . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  execute a pem string for a pem managed file .
truth: manage the contents of a pem file directly with the content in text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  manage   null

test:  returns true if g is strongly and false if g is strongly .
truth: returns true if and only if the given graph is strongly regular . 
test:  returns   nodes
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decode values from nt to nt bits .
truth: decodes a nucleotide string of 12 bases . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  decodes   a

test:  install a package if it is installed .
truth: install python packages with easy_install . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   python

test:  return a dict mapping resources to a dict indexed with information about each input dictionary .
truth: given an objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  low-level implementation of spherical bessel function .
truth: low-level implementation of fn . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decode the input . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of subclasses to use for calling schema .
truth: return all models that have a direct relationship to the given model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a problem to a student .
truth: encode optional usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  encodes   attempt
truth:  encode   optional

test:  return the authorized users dashboard dashboard stream .
truth: mark all the authorized users new dashboard activities as old . 
test:  cached   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  gpu abstractconv filter with a local shape .
truth: we test it here as this is the optimization only that we test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks that the topology topology matches the format and numa .
truth: extract numa topology from myriad host representations . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  validates the id for the given number of strftime .
truth: validates the birth_day and returns the datetime . 
test:  validate   validation
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return the first element of the element and last element .
truth: returns first and last element of numpy array or sparse matrix . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a rule un-picklable .
truth: return original expr if rule raises exception . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the named grafana is absent name the host to remove a networkx registry .
truth: ensure a registry value is removed . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  look for a draft with the astropyloader field .
truth: cleans the items location and sets the is_draft attribute if needed . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  cleans   null

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  returns timeline .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  check if the key is available .
truth: check to see if a key needs updating . 
test:  check   decorator
truth:  to   check

test:  return a list of commands which have been run into the calling command .
truth: puts together the basic zypper command arguments with those passed to the module . 
test:  force   a
truth:  puts   null

test:  generate a search configuration dictionary .
truth: return query string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  query   query

test:  parse lists of key .
truth: parse a cookie . 
test:  parse   decode
truth:  parse   a

test:  parse the options for a form .
truth: parse argv based on command-line interface described in doc . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   argv

test:  wait until an operation has been reached .
truth: fires a deferred once a gce operation is complete . 
test:  make   null
truth:  fires   a

test:  this returns a list of tasks which the course is allowed to access the course returns: none .
truth: prints out the course id and a numbered list of tabs . 
test:  prints   a
truth:  prints   prints

test:  convert size-string to a text file and write it to a file .
truth: convert glove_input_file in glove format into word2vec_output_file in word2vec format . 
test:  perform   changes
truth:  convert   convert

test:  initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() .
truth: initializes os x tk variant values for isaquatk() . 
test:  initializes   release
truth:  initializes   os

test:  the max length of a feature considering when one of the steps is longer than the remaining things .
truth: the max length of a feature considering when the name of the feature is longer than the remaining things . 
test:  null   max
truth:  null   max

test:  returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list .
truth: returns a cache key from the headers given in the header list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  subtract c*x**i from f in k[x] .
truth: subtract c*x_0**i from f in k[x] . 
test:  text   c*x**i
truth:  subtract   null

test:  attempt to off a specified device cli examples: .
truth: turns off the quota system cli example: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  turns   null

test:  normalized normalized numpy array with the data .
truth: maps the input range to [0 . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  maps   maps

test:  returns the property or remote key for a zone .
truth: clear a property zone : string name of zone key : string name of property cli example: . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  clear   a

test:  get path with points inside the channel removed .
truth: get the path with half of the points inside the channel removed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a dict that implements the user to use for the key in the 'hkey file .
truth: in case net user doesnt return the userprofile we can get it from the registry . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   case

test:  sets a target .
truth: build an assignment statement . 
test:  reallocation   shorthand
truth:  build   build

test:  return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application .
truth: return full path to the user-specific data dir for this application . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a function to connect to a bigip device and list an existing monitor .
truth: a function to list an exsiting monitor . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  add a numpy affine space to tp the affine of the affine transformation .
truth: warp triangular patches from an image . 
test:  put   =
truth:  null   null

test:  return line numbers that are elements of the line containing a way .
truth: return a no-op node . 
test:  return   args
truth:  return   a

test:  api method to create an entrance exam .
truth: the restful handler for entrance exams . 
test:  to   function
truth:  null   null

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the cleave dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  temporarily delete a zip zip file .
truth: a with-context for zip files . 
test:  context   context
truth:  null   a

test:  disable untrusted serializers .
truth: disable untrusted serializers . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  compute dipole connectivity for a file .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles . 
test:  compute   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  returns all tests for a given python implementation .
truth: find all tests for the given python_name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  find   find

test:  returns true/false whether a value exists in the local environment .
truth: determine whether the key exists in the current salt process environment dictionary . 
test:  return   function
truth:  determine   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  default   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  returns the vector between vectors v and v .
truth: returns the euclidean distance between vectors u and v . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a list to a string .
truth: this pretty-formats a list as string output . 
test:  string   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get a metadef tag .
truth: get a metadef tag . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  like |safe but decodes a list .
truth: return list of one element if l is a scalar . 
test:  list   x
truth:  list   list

test:  preface the file or text .
truth: get a lashed gcode linear move text . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  extract hostname from the specified yaml key .
truth: get consul api password from security . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  get   consul

test:  remove all oauth oauth user .
truth: destroys all oauth access and refresh tokens for the given user . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroys   null

test:  sets a translation matrix in translation .
truth: return matrix to translate by direction vector . 
test:  adds   inverse
truth:  return   matrix

test:  reads the photo from the api identified by the api .
truth: get photo informations from flickr api . 
test:  boolean   get
truth:  get   photo

test:  instantiate descriptor for the given data structure .
truth: instantiate descriptor with most properties . 
test:  create   create
truth:  instantiate   descriptor

test:  queues an email to the system .
truth: queues an opt-in email . 
test:  queues   queues
truth:  queues   queues

test:  compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank .
truth: compute svd of a real matrix to a specified rank . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  jaccard similarity score on loss read more in the :ref:user guide <mean_absolute_error> .
truth: jaccard similarity coefficient score the jaccard index [1] . 
test:  null   x
truth:  null   similarity

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url with authentication components . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   a

test:  generic validation dict validation .
truth: validate the named integer within the supplied limits inclusive and strip supplied unit characters . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  pull a remote account from database .
truth: runs within a worker process . 
test:  account   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  function to check if current predicate is a list of strings .
truth: turns a write-affinity config value into a predicate function for nodes . 
test:  queries   attributes
truth:  turns   a

test:  train the network units .
truth: return a trained autoencoder . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a rewrite_links() node from a group of xml/queries into a single dnsserviceref .
truth: compute a list of regular expression patterns from a list of wildcard strings . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  return an instance of a response based on the response .
truth: return an instance of an clientexception or subclass based on a requests response . 
test:  create   response
truth:  return   return

test:  generates standard normal pdf from document generation using a operator .
truth: generates normal variates with serial correlation . 
test:  uninstall   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  raise an unknown element for a given element name .
truth: unknown type helper . 
test:  converts   method
truth:  null   type

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: a replacement for the old socket . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  check if a given object is a device .
truth: all cuda memory object is recognized as an instance with the attribute "__cuda_memory__" defined and its value evaluated to true . 
test:  if   check
truth:  null   cuda

test:  plots a number of data as a multi-dimensional number .
truth: configures the number of subplots and changes the current plot . 
test:  plot   match
truth:  configures   configures

test:  solves the discrete lyapunov equation using the forward transformation .
truth: solves the discrete lyapunov equation using a bilinear transformation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  return a list of all the vms that are up to a subset of the provider .
truth: return total memory usage . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  is user allowed to change owner or group of owner to one of its own owner .
truth: is user allowed to change permissions on article? . 
test:  is   shorthand
truth:  is   user

test:  get pci device by addr .
truth: get pci device by address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  modify the agent by creating a agent .
truth: modify existing agent build . 
test:  show   a
truth:  existing   null

test:  creates a string representation of an object .
truth: for human analysis . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  null   human

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is missing .
truth: tests that get_debug_value raises an exception when debugger is set to raise and a value is missing . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  single abbreviated {% if everything is not running .
truth: parses the command-line arguments and starts git-cola . 
test:  start   application
truth:  parses   parses

test:  merge a new sha url into a response .
truth: attempt a merge using the github api then delete the source branch . 
test:  null   null
truth:  attempt   a

test:  return the admin url for the given model .
truth: returns the url for the given model and admin url name . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all names in a list of names .
truth: find anidb short group names for release groups . 
test:  null   view
truth:  find   find

test:  make sure the test is set correctly .
truth: atomically check if an instance is in a valid state . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  return a specified user .
truth: return a pretty-print string of recommendations for a user . 
test:  get   user
truth:  return   a

test:  return true if the given host matches the given host and port .
truth: match host against pattern . 
test:  determine   split
truth:  host   host

test:  test that a mainframe user is done by a test .
truth: create and return the "mozilla" user used to auto approve addons . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  create   create

test:  sends a document from recipients to recipients .
truth: calls a delayed task sendmail that enqueus email in email queue queue . 
test:  document   test
truth:  calls   a

test:  returns a list of all caller services .
truth: version of node . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  null   version

test:  when you want to override this with a slightly that runs the current checkout .
truth: helper function that forwards all the function details to the decorated function . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a randomly sampled features .
truth: create index and query data . 
test:  emulate   a
truth:  index   index

test:  end a suitable suitable socket .
truth: wrap an existing socket in ssl . 
test:  function   attempts
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  a grid of 2x2 images .
truth: a grid of 2x2 images with a colorbar for each column . 
test:  null   grid
truth:  null   grid

test:  output the celery settings for the pool .
truth: admin view that displays the celery configuration . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  view   view

test:  rescale image by scaling along each row of the image .
truth: scale image by a certain factor . 
test:  avoid   image
truth:  scale   image

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: deprecated - use new helper method originaltextfor . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current disk timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  write all of the output to disk .
truth: checks the cache file to see if there is a new enough file list cache . 
test:  write   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get the calendar info for a specific calendar .
truth: convert data from google into device_schema . 
test:  return   get
truth:  convert   data

test:  check for assertequal(type(a) .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences g316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  converts a given image .
truth: build an example proto for an example . 
test:  required   a
truth:  build   build

test:  pads the elements of a matrix with its padding .
truth: partition sequence into tuples of length n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   sequence

test:  merge the given error and sort the values in the sort .
truth: merge errors from one or more lists of errors and then return them . 
test:  merges   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  find a diagonal correlation matrix .
truth: find the nearest correlation matrix that is positive semi-definite . 
test:  create   a
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator to bind a validator to a handler .
truth: a decorator to bind table region method to a anchor in a column . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a list of all the strings in expr .
truth: helper to find logical predicates in booleanfunctions . 
test:  find   find
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the raw rms given the data .
truth: compute and return the audio power . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  check that score can be valid .
truth: validates the minimum score entered by the studio user . 
test:  validate   error
truth:  validates   validates

test:  recursively sort the dictionaries of x and y .
truth: equality test bypassing the implicit string conversion in python 2 . 
test:  is   arrays
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the categorical crossentropy between cross tensor and labels .
truth: categorical crossentropy between an output tensor and a target tensor . 
test:  null   node
truth:  null   crossentropy

test:  oozebane a gcode linear move text .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move text . 
test:  oozebane   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used .
truth: validate that a device and a partition are valid and wont lead to directory traversal when used . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  generic t-confint to save typing .
truth: generic normal-confint to save typing . 
test:  null   confidence
truth:  null   generic

test:  called during the login function .
truth: raise error before start_response . 
test:  starts   start
truth:  error   error

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: logistic sigmoid function . 
test:  null   sigmoid
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  returns more information for log .
truth: adds site . 
test:  get   null
truth:  adds   site

test:  helper function for counter .
truth: matrix product between arrays of matrices . 
test:  null   lists
truth:  null   product

test:  convert a 2d array into a 2d numpy array .
truth: encodes the given integer using base 85 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  helper to get the availability seeds for a given torrent item .
truth: returns a rating based on seeds and leeches for a given torrent . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a dictionary of {field_index: } for the given table .
truth: returns a description of the table . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  converts a list of items to a list of pages .
truth: convert a set of links from a group of pages to a list . 
test:  content   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new .
truth: replace -> string return a copy of string str with all occurrences of substring old replaced by new . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  install tid: installation .
truth: docstring for configure_build . 
test:  installs   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  return netstat routing information for log and macos .
truth: return netstat information for sunos flavors . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   netstat

test:  return a string of the requested page classes .
truth: yield all registered page classes . 
test:  wraps   generate
truth:  yield   null

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: carves up a media range and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  a context manager that silences the start of a with statement .
truth: context manager that enables profiling on entry and disables profiling on exit . 
test:  record   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  copies a c-api into its name .
truth: copies index specification to a search_service_pb . 
test:  copies   generator
truth:  index   index

test:  find the short platform name from the short version .
truth: return a safe shorter version of platform . 
test:  sign   up
truth:  return   a

test:  factory for firewall device .
truth: synchronously initialize a device file with an ext4 filesystem . 
test:  return   assignment
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set the http auth for an auth .
truth: set the authentication for cherrypy . 
test:  set   execution
truth:  set   set

test:  merge list .
truth: takes a list of filerefs and returns a merged list . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check a module-level release with the type name .
truth: process deprecation of arguments . 
test:  check   check
truth:  process   deprecation

test:  attempts to discover the test modules that would be found in the given package .
truth: discover and return a sorted list of the names of unit-test modules . 
test:  return   null
truth:  discover   discover

test:  skip tests that skips sys .
truth: skip decorator for tests that depend on siphash24 or fnv . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  skip   decorator

test:  return the comment header of a comment .
truth: return string with leading whitespace and # from line or . 
test:  get   get
truth:  string   string

test:  make sure the test fails with quitting .
truth: when qutebrowser quits . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   qutebrowser

test:  get flavor extra specs .
truth: get flavor extra specs . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  a simple signal handler for getting a signal .
truth: get a string representation of a signal for debugging . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return true if x is a correct number of strings .
truth: returns "<" if a<b . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the options line .
truth: parse command line options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  command   command

test:  add the ssh public key to the key .
truth: add a public key to the users authorized ssh keys . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  get a vlm_media of a file from tarball .
truth: create a finder alias . 
test:  set   null
truth:  create   a

test:  shows the html page view .
truth: show the gradebook for this course: - only shown for courses with enrollment < settings . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  show   show

test:  decode unicode strings from unicode string .
truth: return content of file in unicode string using encoding as specified in the file . 
test:  to   decode
truth:  content   content

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  return a random column of days .
truth: return a date range as float gregorian ordinals . 
test:  output   step
truth:  return   a

test:  ensures a file exists .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  filename   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  retrieve a path for the provided pack .
truth: return full absolute base path to the content pack directory . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes a string to a unicode string .
truth: convert a string to unicode in utf-8 format; if string is already unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  test max and same values as same in same c{str} .
truth: test flat sparktexts . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a format string representation of the format type .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  check if a port returns returns a port returns an empty port .
truth: choose_port() returns a port number . 
test:  choose   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a variable is less than other memory .
truth: check if value is greater than other . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the string to use for the given currency .
truth: format decimal value as currency . 
test:  create   a
truth:  format   decimal

test:  ensure that the named user is absent .
truth: ensures that the named command is not running . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  checks that the second list of 1d values are old .
truth: validate the provided means . 
test:  validate   checking
truth:  validate   validate

test:  reads the contents of the given file .
truth: retrieves the contents of a filename or file-like object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  view for osf reset .
truth: view for user to land on the reset password page . 
test:  log   a
truth:  view   view

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a callback .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  locate a gcode file name .
truth: like locatefilename . 
test:  like   locatefilename
truth:  like   locatefilename

test:  return the certificate that the certificate in the certificate at the certificate level of the certificate to expiry to write the certificate to .
truth: return the expiry date of a cert :return datetime object of expiry date . 
test:  grab   commit
truth:  return   return

test:  add a warning to the color .
truth: prints the given message and . 
test:  prints   color
truth:  prints   prints

test:  compute the freedman bins of a probability distribution .
truth: calculate number of hist bins using freedman-diaconis rule . 
test:  convert   histogram
truth:  calculate   number

test:  returns a manager instance for a given type .
truth: returns a manager class for a given rdbms type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  extracts a dictionary from a key/value dictionary .
truth: navigate data . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  navigate   data

test:  return a dict with keys of user related .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the depth of the first select that is the order of the rectangles .
truth: find a rectangle of minimum area for bisection . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  find   a

test:  delete all instances of a given image using the keyword argument .
truth: get a keywords value from a header in a fits file . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  get   a

test:  get the svg text .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the version of the prerelease .
truth: remove prerelease versions for a list of semver versions . 
test:  returns   module
truth:  remove   remove

test:  print a list of tickets .
truth: print a list of tickets . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  if the socket is supplied .
truth: run acceptance tests that use the bok-choy framework . 
test:  run   install
truth:  run   acceptance

test:  checks that the version is a valid version .
truth: check version string of an active module against a required version . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the registry associated with dout .
truth: convert a registry keys values to a dictionary . 
test:  search   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  sends a output of the given data to the server .
truth: display modified ret data . 
test:  output   output
truth:  modified   display

test:  verify that second is in second .
truth: checks that first is second . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  revert dense polynomials over a ring in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  exclude any home directory .
truth: filter out any entries in a path list that are in my home directory . 
test:  exclude   null
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given a vpc hosted id and name .
truth: given a vpc id . 
test:  given   check
truth:  given   a

test:  fetches all open threads for the given exploration id .
truth: fetches all open threads for the given exploration id . 
test:  host   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  verify & classes classes also restore a metaclass .
truth: make sure clrtype is a properly behaved python metaclass . 
test:  calling   initialization
truth:  make   null

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as an action .
truth: mark a function as an action . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  get a single package of the package .
truth: determine what executable is pid 1 . 
test:  get   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a catalog dict based on parameters passed to the catalog .
truth: creates a catalog object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  checks that the user is not ignored .
truth: run subprocess . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   subprocess

test:  calculate all inverse results for a cluster .
truth: cluster robust covariance matrix calculates sandwich covariance matrix for a single cluster . 
test:  is   correlation
truth:  null   cluster

test:  return true if mode is from a socket .
truth: return true if mode is from a block special device file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  searches the string for the pattern .
truth: matches the string with the pattern . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  matches   matches

test:  send user with osf or email address .
truth: query for a user matching a given email . 
test:  send   a
truth:  query   query

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: human resource rest controller - limited to just search_ac for use in autocompletes - allows differential access permissions . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   resource

test:  sends the message to stderr .
truth: print warning message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return a list of users with a given list of users .
truth: turn a list of users into a list of links to their profiles . 
test:  list   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  spartist -- search spotify for <album> .
truth: spartist <artist> -- search spotify for <artist> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  forgets a vdi chain .
truth: yield vdi_recs for each element in a vdi chain . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  create a tracked files .
truth: return the names of all files in the repository . 
test:  returns   equivalent
truth:  return   return

test:  return a set of strings that are made by the given set of level level .
truth: makes a property . 
test:  create   check
truth:  makes   a

test:  pushes push to the new course .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  build an egg from a textual directory .
truth: build setuptools egg . 
test:  build   flavor
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  returns the group id for a group .
truth: given a user requesting content within a commentable_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a connection to the ip address from a given query .
truth: get local ip address . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copies document to a relative document .
truth: match document with all subscribed queries on specified topic . 
test:  solves   lists
truth:  document   document

test:  list users .
truth: return a list of available users cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a file matches a exclude format .
truth: return true if file is okay for modifying/recursing . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  solc addresses for several arguments .
truth: build the arguments to call the solc binary . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  build   build

test:  called by the _inherit method in order to set up the inheritance of a inheritance function at the start of a templates execution .
truth: called by the _inherit method in template modules to set up the inheritance chain at the start of a templates execution . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  returns true if a == b is a < b .
truth: return true if version a is lesser than b todo: be more intelligent to test versions . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field in k[x] .
truth: computes polynomial gcd using subresultants over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  return a 2-d array with all the entries in the theres .
truth: finds the inverse . 
test:  null   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  finder is the empty index for the project .
truth: check that the canonical name is on all indexes . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of roles available for the given group .
truth: return the possible roles for members of groups and organizations . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert the given groups and return the default group .
truth: convert one or both of a string representation of a uid and gid into integer form . 
test:  find   a
truth:  convert   one

test:  ensure that dataset_attrs .
truth: ensure a history containing a dataset that is a symlink cannot be imported . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% blocktrans user as user_display} {% blocktrans %}{{ user_display }} has sent you
truth: example usage:: {% user_display user %} or if you need to use in a {% blocktrans %}:: {% user_display user as user_display %} {% blocktrans %} {{ user_display }} has sent you a gift . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   example

test:  separate this interface from the registry to bokeh-travis stack .
truth: take show ip ospf interface data as a string return a list corresponding to each section of the data [interface1 ospf info . 
test:  pass   convert
truth:  show   show

test:  enable concurrency checks .
truth: enable the diagnostic feature for debugging unexpected concurrency in acquiring connectionwrapper instances . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  format a .
truth: remove unwanted characters from the signature of various classes and methods . 
test:  format   format
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the path to the requested script for the current script .
truth: return the full path for the given script . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  fill the notebook for a different notebook .
truth: writes the jupyter notebook cells parameters script_blocks : list of tuples . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  performs metagenomeseqs statistics statistics with a file .
truth: performs metagenomeseqs css normalization on a single raw abundance otu matrix . 
test:  results   reboot
truth:  performs   metagenomeseqs

test:  error checking for routines that return a nice evaluation .
truth: checks the status code and returns the double value passed in by reference . 
test:  checking   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  set the release release of the local machine .
truth: tag specified release . 
test:  start   check
truth:  specified   tag

test:  encode path in unicode to unicode and unicode .
truth: convert a unicode path string to a byte string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a new resource views .
truth: creates the default views on all resources of the provided dataset by default only view plugins that dont require the resource data to be in the datastore are called . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  factor univariate polynomials over algebraic number .
truth: factor polynomials into irreducibles in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   polynomials
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  retrieve a list of indexes for the given requirement and a dict .
truth: returns a list of available indexes . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the current request has associated with the given request .
truth: true if current request has an associated sitetheme . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  convert a list of dictionaries to a numpy array .
truth: converts python list of sympy expressions to a numpy array . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  converts   python

test:  test that a column can be added to a table .
truth: test that adding a column preserves values and attributes . 
test:  add   a
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a string into a boolean .
truth: checks if the string value starts with another string . 
test:  basestring   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns a decorator that raises an exception .
truth: generic method decorator for logging calls under the assumption that return=good . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a boolean value .
truth: return a decorator for methods that return instances of model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an expression with new values of the input type and subs values .
truth: substitute values within data structure . 
test:  obj   function
truth:  substitute   values

test:  this view is for getting an event .
truth: a noop to swallow the analytics call so that cms methods dont spook and poor developers looking at console logs dont get distracted :-) . 
test:  empty   view
truth:  noop   noop

test:  compile the args from a string .
truth: takes args and kwargs . 
test:  wrap   parses
truth:  takes   args

test:  remove all memory memory from every record type .
truth: configure the logging subsystem . 
test:  null   null
truth:  configure   configure

test:  get interpret plugin filenames .
truth: get meta plugin file names . 
test:  get   analyze
truth:  get   meta

test:  executes a single schema to be used by the parameters .
truth: macro function for use in jsonschema to support query parameters that should have only one value . 
test:  function   pull
truth:  function   function

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check to make sure set_orientation works properly .
truth: check to make sure set_lineoffset works properly . 
test:  to   msg
truth:  to   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   shape
truth:  get   vector3

test:  apply the global vagrant link .
truth: function which detects if the script is being executed inside vagrant and if it is . 
test:  evaluate   apply
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause when you want to use a resume one .
truth: scheduled resume . 
test:  resume   null
truth:  resume   resume

test:  parse a string of the tokens .
truth: parse string with partition specification . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns the spacing matrix for a given concatenated device .
truth: returns a sparse matrix linop that spaces out an expression . 
test:  update   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the directories listed in the directories listed in path .
truth: try to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  translates message using the given translation_function function -- which will be either gettext or ugettext .
truth: translates message using the given translation_function name -- which will be either gettext or ugettext . 
test:  translates   message
truth:  translates   message

test:  like v2 .
truth: use this decorator on provider methods to ensure that the account being passed into the method belongs to that provider . 
test:  to   validate
truth:  use   use

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list linodes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   linodes

test:  a helper for py .
truth: prepare a handful of fake segments for upload . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return true if the path is html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   sequence

test:  validates a valid column name for a valid dictionary .
truth: return a valid column name that follows pythons rules for identifiers . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize a paragraph text to a maximum of characters with a maximum of indentation .
truth: normalize a text to display it with a maximum line size and optionally arbitrary indentation . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   a

test:  skip a test if a scheduled command is given .
truth: skips a test if a command is unavailable . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skips   a

test:  flip fiducials .
truth: adjust order of fiducials to neuromag . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  order   order

test:  list all libraries available for the project .
truth: list all accessible libraries . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a trace from a file .
truth: return the representative h satisfying s[h[b]] == j if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  null   none
truth:  return   return

test:  return server version from varnishd -v cli example: .
truth: return version from nftables --version cli example: . 
test:  server   server
truth:  return   version

test:  loads queries from xml/queries .
truth: loads queries from xml/queries . 
test:  queries   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  sets the most recent time for the current thread .
truth: sets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  get all group type access for a group .
truth: get all group type access of a group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  equalize an image into composite without changing its shape .
truth: return image after histogram equalization . 
test:  equalize   image
truth:  return   image

test:  set a cache key to the requested setting .
truth: wrapper for cache . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  encodes a string value using double base64 alphabet .
truth: compresses a value for safe passage as a string . 
test:  string   a
truth:  compresses   a

test:  assign a digest digest for the given key .
truth: extract the timestamp portion of a manifest file . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  create a process in the local process .
truth: creates pid file for process . 
test:  create   function
truth:  creates   pid

test:  get a list of vagrant config names .
truth: parses vagrant configuration and returns it as dict of ssh parameters and their values . 
test:  return   line
truth:  parses   parses

test:  check a volume group .
truth: check whether provided volume group exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  check   check

test:  initialize a request counts for the given review request .
truth: initializes the issue counter fields for a review request . 
test:  initialize   returns
truth:  initializes   null

test:  generate ipv4 bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   size

test:  convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx .
truth: convert the region of the agg buffer bounded by bbox to a wx . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the number of for a top of credit completely .
truth: aggregate a listing of the top items last month . 
test:  get   get
truth:  aggregate   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  returns a filter that returns a nested tree of a nested tree or a nested tree .
truth: returns the rooted tree corresponding to the given nested tuple . 
test:  returns   module
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  removed the main configuration of a tool tool .
truth: converts a given url with the specified arguments . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute .
truth: enum is an adapter to another field: it will just change its display attribute . 
test:  is   enum
truth:  is   enum

test:  verify that two dict are equal .
truth: assert actual == desired with formatted message . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  copies a fake directory to aid .
truth: test run guess() . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check if a link is a link .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get a volume or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a volume or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   a

test:  remove a file from src .
truth: replace dest with a new copy of src . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  context manager that skips the with statement with statement .
truth: contextmanager to suppress stderr messages url . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get all the migration in a window .
truth: finds all unconfirmed migrations within the confirmation window . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  adjust the game actions .
truth: convert math_expr into latex . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a backup for all available collection .
truth: create a backup for all collection present on the server . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  handle the login view .
truth: creates a url for redirecting to a login page . 
test:  url   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  build a specific requests for the given instance .
truth: returns up to $limit build_requests where instance_uuid is null . 
test:  issue   get
truth:  returns   up

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting epochs psd . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  return a filter that return true if a cg has cg .
truth: return a filter that checks if a cg has cg snapshots . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  write the macros file to file .
truth: write the includes section of a cdt settings export file . 
test:  write   custom
truth:  write   null

test:  parses any timestamp and return a tuple of interval where interval is found .
truth: parses a yyyy-mm-dd hh:mm:ss * entry . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  deletes a network network cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified network cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  tests that we can load a convolutional dataset-- on a dummy dataset-- dataset-- model and train the c++ on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and train it for a dummy
truth: tests that we can load a convolutional rectifier model and train it for a few epochs on a dummy dataset-- tiny model and dataset . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  roll back quota reservations .
truth: roll back quota reservations . 
test:  roll   quota
truth:  roll   back

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  return homebrew_packages information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return kernel_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   commit
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of all instructor tasks for the given course .
truth: returns a query of instructortask objects of running tasks for a given course . 
test:  lists   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a generator for each row of a sequence .
truth: returns a num_rows x num_cols matrix whose -th entry is entry_fn . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  monkey-patch a new fit object with a operating type and returns it .
truth: monkey patch for fieldstorage . 
test:  null   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  transform coefficient into one dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  copy one or more file from source to this is a no-op .
truth: copy file from one ftp-instance to another . 
test:  file   attempts
truth:  file   file

test:  works with a thread is equivalent to the thread .
truth: configure a queue for accepting characters and return the queue . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  configure   a

test:  a simple task that replies the task to a given page .
truth: a simple view that checks if celery can process a simple task . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  a function to create an existing profile .
truth: a function to connect to a bigip device and create a profile . 
test:  create   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return float with flip component rounded to transport .
truth: get tooth halfwave . 
test:  get   function
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new file descriptor for a given filename .
truth: backwards compat . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   compat

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: create a new aes cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  make sure we can compare strings with strings .
truth: ensure tokenize throws a fit on a partial input . 
test:  make   null
truth:  tokenize   tokenize

test:  returns a tree with a topic tree .
truth: returns a dictionary of related exercises for each subtopic . 
test:  attach   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all data in the database .
truth: un-serialize in one step . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   in

test:  returns a list of images that are inplace .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  replaces   upload
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return all dicts .
truth: return a dict containing the subset namespace prefix mappings specified by *nspfxs* . 
test:  scaling   return
truth:  return   a

test:  wait until a javascript with the given variable to be used by the given variable .
truth: using seleniums execute_async_script function . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  using   null

test:  truncate by merge_similar_guesses .
truth: truncate by days . 
test:  truncate   glob
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  get convex distance of a polygon .
truth: get the length of a polygon perimeter . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  actually implement get_module .
truth: implements get_module . 
test:  null   data
truth:  implements   get_module

test:  get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor .
truth: get all placeholders that is depending the given tensor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  flatten a dict .
truth: recursively flatten a nested dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  formats a mapdict script according to tk .
truth: formats mapdict to pass it to tk . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  unsigned byte strings are receiver for converting a stream .
truth: returns lhs + sep + rhs raises: invoking on a non string column raises a typeerror if kwarg sep is not a string . 
test:  give   filtering
truth:  returns   lhs

test:  like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on a signal handlers .
truth: like send_catch_log but supports returning deferreds on signal handlers . 
test:  like   send_catch_log
truth:  like   send_catch_log

test:  send an email with the osf recovery .
truth: send a recovery email to a user . 
test:  email   power
truth:  send   a

test:  test case that works with python code .
truth: if a . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  if   a

test:  validates that value is a positive float or zero .
truth: validates that value is 0 or a positive float . 
test:  maxstalenessseconds   in
truth:  validates   validates

test:  asserts that microversion header header header header is not required .
truth: log a warning about missing microversion response header . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  log   a

test:  update the cohort to the specified group .
truth: emits a tracking log event each time a cohort is created . 
test:  creates   hook
truth:  emits   a

test:  nearest intersection of the line .
truth: calculates the nearest intersection point . 
test:  determine   testing
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get the data for a resource_type .
truth: lookup value of resources data by key . 
test:  get   up
truth:  value   value

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get wedge loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  rewrites a client max max .
truth: test that skycoord representation works . 
test:  test   version
truth:  test   test

test:  teardown the handler for the given request and returns the handler .
truth: a :term:tween factory which produces a tween that catches an exception raised by downstream tweens and . 
test:  error   null
truth:  null   a

test:  creates an application for testing with gitosis .
truth: make the app with the appropriate model . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get a monitor type by id .
truth: get a monitor type by name or id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  find true if a schema is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  if   find
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a ipv6 header into its respective parts .
truth: validates an ipv6 literal host:port string . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test end of port .
truth: test end to end test for show command . 
test:  end   end
truth:  end   end

test:  fixture that provides a blob with a blob that can load a blob from a bucket .
truth: provides a pre-existing blob in the test bucket . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  connect a network to a server .
truth: function for actually starting a paramiko tunnel . 
test:  updating   server
truth:  function   function

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  check to see if a path exists .
truth: check to see whether the file already exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  upload files and push classes to each folder .
truth: uploads a folder to cloud files . 
test:  upload   upload
truth:  uploads   a

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in __version__ .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  encrypts an encrypted varblock file using the pem with the pem aes .
truth: encrypts a file . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  encrypts   a

test:  prints code for <p> information .
truth: print a unicode character as code and name and perhaps extra info . 
test:  print   like
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a relative time as a pushover for the current database; .
truth: formats a task eta as a date string in utc . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return the number of cpus in the following deletion .
truth: return the number of physical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns if the given function is decreasing or not .
truth: returns if a function is decreasing or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  converts yaml .
truth: converts list of yaml statements describing cron jobs into a string . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  add the x intersections from the loop .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop into a table . 
test:  add   loop
truth:  add   add

test:  calculates the likelihood likelihood estimator for the specified axis .
truth: slices off a proportion of items from both ends of an array . 
test:  mean   factor
truth:  slices   slices

test:  wraps a python function to dictionary and add to a normal attribute .
truth: add attributes to a test function/method/class . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  a decorator to use a property property .
truth: create a property . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  redirects to the redirection handler .
truth: takes request . 
test:  view   home
truth:  request   request

test:  a custom 404 error handler .
truth: custom 404 handler to only cache 404s for 5 mintues . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   custom

test:  returns an application instance .
truth: replacement for djangos {% url %} block . 
test:  call   a
truth:  null   replacement

test:  load a session file and generate importer .
truth: load your session ! . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  uses filter() to return a paginator .
truth: get a simplepaginator page . 
test:  certificate   null
truth:  get   a

test:  create a link or a file or a target link to dst .
truth: attempts to hardlink src to dst . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns a dict containing information useful for all lines matching a given pattern .
truth: try to gather distribution release informations . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  to   try

test:  returns true if dir is a base directory .
truth: tests whether the file descibed in info is a directory . 
test:  is   return
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return a boolean indicating if the record with the the specified name is absent .
truth: ensures a record is absent . 
test:  given   list
truth:  ensures   a

test:  hilbert transform - trend vs cycle mode .
truth: hilbert transform - dominant cycle period . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  parses the timestamp of a timestamp .
truth: parses the iso 8601 standard that provides for timestamps like . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return a cloud cloud instance .
truth: helper method to try its best to convert any unicode text into ascii without stack tracing since salt internally does not handle unicode strings this method is not supposed to be used directly . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   method

test:  use the given signature to verify the signature created with the given path .
truth: use crypto . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  use   crypto

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   copy
truth:  output   output

test:  compute the learn parameters x : bool or an integer x : int .
truth: quantile-based discretization function . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   null

test:  test the decorated function with the given wait and wait on a class to make sure the message is not false .
truth: this test will skip *again* during teardown . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  find the best docstring of a directed parameter .
truth: this is the best docstring ever! . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  is   null

test:  quotient by a constant in k[x] .
truth: quotient by a constant in k[x] . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   quotient

test:  test if a string represents an int .
truth: check if the input string is an integer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the approximation to the nx matrix .
truth: b-matrix from usno circular 179 . 
test:  computes   create
truth:  null   null

test:  perform the twitter access to secret the twitter access .
truth: perform the oauth dance with some command-line prompts . 
test:  command   parse
truth:  perform   null

test:  returns a utc date for a field .
truth: get the lookup kwargs for looking up a date against a given field . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the value of a user .
truth: add a user in the group . 
test:  add   wrapper
truth:  add   a

test:  look up the root expression that we find a new vdis .
truth: move and possibly link vhds via the xapi plugin . 
test:  import   features
truth:  move   move

test:  a shell-like corpus .
truth: a demonstration of the porter stemmer on a sample from the penn treebank corpus . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  adds a url to the page view for sharing templates .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  read   utility
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all installed plugins .
truth: lists all installed plugins . 
test:  list   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return the configuration directory path .
truth: return the value for test . 
test:  create   return
truth:  return   return

test:  delete a repository tag .
truth: remove a repository from storage this endpoint exists in both the registry api [1] and the indexer api [2] . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  remove   a

test:  given a clsid class .
truth: determines if the clsid has an associated class . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the directory component of a path .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string eg the cms line numbers .
truth: expandtabs -> string return a copy of the string s with all tab characters replaced by the appropriate number of spaces . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a string .
truth: in the future we may want to have different classes and options for them . 
test:  download   null
truth:  null   in

test:  run a runner and return the timeout object .
truth: make a runtest instance for asynchronous tests . 
test:  send   null
truth:  make   a

test:  return the updater for given timestamp .
truth: return a callable that returns true if the file output . 
test:  returns   target
truth:  return   a

test:  create running simple binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above .
truth: create a simple jndi binding in the running jboss instance jboss_config configuration dictionary with properties specified above . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if path seems to prefix .
truth: return true if path starts with prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  plot the sensor sensor of the keyboard for qimage .
truth: plot traces and contours . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   traces

test:  error handler that checks the current error editor .
truth: deprecated open the editor at the given filename . 
test:  fixes   decorator
truth:  open   open

test:  given a url .
truth: given an rfc6455 origin url . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   null

test:  normalize a pathname .
truth: normalize a pathname . 
test:  normalize   wrap
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return the data for a given certificate pointer .
truth: return the certificate and a hash of it . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the type of the traceback keys for a given prefix .
truth: get the matrix keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a queryset to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a is fan boolean to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  create a new menu class for the specified instance .
truth: returns a new menu class that subclasses menu_class but is bound to instance . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  includes a type with a type of a type passed to the original argument .
truth: switches between two operations depending on a scalar value . 
test:  show   copy
truth:  null   null

test:  meant the given file or :class:multidigraph to make the given file with the given orm .
truth: function for converting from an imageset batch cpickle file into a flat binary with a choice of keys . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  function   function

test:  build the arguments to python setup .
truth: build the arguments to python setup . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors .
truth: a getattr() that turns all exceptions into attributeerrors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  you can find the given format .
truth: if serializing objects in a multi-table inheritance relationship using natural primary keys . 
test:  use   a
truth:  serializing   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: python 2 . 
test:  null   millisecond
truth:  null   python

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   register
truth:  null   lx

test:  require the /it/tutorial/tutorial .
truth: require the /en/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  return dataframe date : deposit_type : rate:% .
truth: return dataframe month : m2 :m2 m2_yoy:m2(%) m1: m1_yoy:(%) m0: m0_yoy:(%) cd: cd_yoy:(%) qm: qm_yoy:(%) ftd: ftd_yoy:(%) sd: sd_yoy:(%) rests: rests_yoy:(%) . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  create a new stonith stonith command line stonith additional options for the pcs property stonith additional options for the pcs command cibfile use cibfile instead of the live cib cli
truth: create a stonith resource via pcs command stonith_id name for the stonith resource stonith_device_type name of the stonith agent fence_eps . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all of the files stored on the master .
truth: list all of the symlinks stored on the master . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication .
truth: basic_auth is a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  take   decorator
truth:  is   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given a figure and show it .
truth: show images in result list res . 
test:  plotting   change
truth:  show   images

test:  method to get the permalink ids from content .
truth: get just path component of permalink . 
test:  to   find
truth:  get   get

test:  create a task .
truth: create a task object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  train the i{sigchld} .
truth: executes the the main_loop() parameters yaml_file: string configuration yaml . 
test:  loop   logs
truth:  executes   null

test:  table with trailing spaces if data is a row of trailing spaces .
truth: trailing spaces in the row definition column shouldnt matter . 
test:  null   test
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  return a list of all available services cli example: .
truth: return a list of all available services . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all enabled services .
truth: return all available boot services cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure that all beaconsd to the event source is matched .
truth: chekcs for a specific event match and returns result true if the match happens usage: . 
test:  push   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get current hardware clock setting cli example: .
truth: get current hardware clock setting cli example: . 
test:  get   current
truth:  get   current

test:  runs the application .
truth: like catch_errors . 
test:  code   application
truth:  like   like

test:  close the session object for this cherrypy .
truth: close the session object for this request . 
test:  close   attempt
truth:  close   close

test:  returns a bool whether the current request is a debug level .
truth: get the debug mode . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether the user can access to the course for a user .
truth: checks if a user has access to a descriptor based on its start date . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  asserts message is correct .
truth: assert the number of emails sent . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a list of the type string .
truth: print out the types of the args and kwargs . 
test:  print   dictionary
truth:  print   print

test:  simple preload to make sure that when we are to use .
truth: check if inst . 
test:  make   failure
truth:  if   check

test:  instantiate and return a class from a infrastructure .
truth: modify methods in a class and install instrumentation . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  modify   methods

test:  filter otu table by specified table and otu .
truth: filter otu table to n random samples . 
test:  -   input
truth:  filter   otu

test:  gprs updating section 9 .
truth: gprs suspension request section 9 . 
test:  uplink   request
truth:  null   null

test:  load a parsed frame file .
truth: load a dataframe of data from a bank of canada site . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  given a project .
truth: ensure the project is set appropriately . 
test:  maxstalenessseconds   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  display a list of valid api version .
truth: checks if the requested version is valid . 
test:  to   method
truth:  if   checks

test:  return a sqlalchemy session .
truth: return a sqlalchemy session . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return installed packages .
truth: get the installed version of a package returns none if it cant be found . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   get

test:  this should be able to get the full module name .
truth: verify using the path seperator in a direct call will result in an importerror . 
test:  test   null
truth:  using   null

test:  creates a room .
truth: handles post from the "add room" form on the homepage . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  post   post

test:  hyperbolic the series inversion of the term modulo o .
truth: multivariate series inversion 1/p modulo o . 
test:  find   find
truth:  multivariate   series

test:  load a file from the specified path .
truth: define a domain based on the xml-file path passed to the function cli example: . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  return the storage path without destroying the vdis within a referring osr repository .
truth: return the path to our storage repository this is used when were dealing with vhds directly . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  power the rabbitmq page .
truth: request power state change name ensure power state one of: * power_on -- system turn on * power_off -- system turn off * shutdown -- request os proper shutdown * reset -- reset * boot -- if system is off . 
test:  set   windows
truth:  request   power

test:  friendly wrapper for the model_variables operator .
truth: this is 4x faster than calling os . 
test:  see   network
truth:  is   null

test:  return the topic name for the given operation .
truth: create a topic name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for the interacting property .
truth: return next tag . 
test:  text   text
truth:  return   return

test:  patch the tweaked .
truth: call load_builtins with xonsh_execer . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  call   call

test:  get the application id .
truth: returns the applications app engine id . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the tokenizer .
truth: token can be only a single char . 
test:  return   null
truth:  token   token

test:  context manager to delete a temporary value on a dict .
truth: temporarily set the attr on a particular object to a given value then revert when finished . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  set   set

test:  check for the existence of the cloud provider .
truth: check for nova configurations . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a list of commands .
truth: see :meth:command_list_begin() . 
test:  list   a
truth:  see   null

test:  tests that hugs inline type correctly handles a dictionary .
truth: tests that inline dictionary values are correctly handled . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  checks for keys and values are not yields: particularly .
truth: return true if the elements rel attribute fits our criteria . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for inserting a bytes feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting bytes features into example proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  see *on* .
truth: ensure that each field has the value set in test_and_i_set_course_dates . 
test:  model   step
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns a boolean value .
truth: getnameinfo -> get host and port for a sockaddr . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list with all instrument devices in a track or chain .
truth: returns a list with all instruments from a track or chain . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  decodes a python bytestring from collectd format to plain format .
truth: decodes base32 string to hex string . 
test:  decodes   data
truth:  decodes   base32

test:  check whether the mailchimp list exists in the mailchimp list given by the mailchimp list .
truth: verifies that the given list_id corresponds to the course_id returns boolean: whether or not course_id matches list_id . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  display the version of the specified kernel cli example: .
truth: get the version of ceph installed . 
test:  get   version
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of classes .
truth: dynamically import a list of classes from the given module . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  import   import

test:  records a record to a user with given user_id .
truth: updates the last_checked time for this user . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the viewpoint title from the logs . 
test:  scrub   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  returns a list of all registered language classes .
truth: the factory method . 
test:  grab   get
truth:  null   factory

test:  create a new tensor .
truth: create uninitialized tensor descriptor . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  take the cache value for a destination setting .
truth: take the cached value of key and put it into the key setting of the destination . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   null

test:  getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux .
truth: getterminalsize() - get width and height of console - works on linux . 
test:  -   null
truth:  -   -

test:  client api operation adapter/wrapper .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  given a decimal components .
truth: multiplies each element of a triplet by 255 each coordinate of the color tuple is rounded to the nearest float and then is turned into an integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  multiplies   null

test:  walks a simple data structure .
truth: walks a simple data structure . 
test:  walks   a
truth:  walks   a

test:  check to see if we can import an importable module .
truth: checks if <module> can be imported . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  run a command with \n%s\n' .
truth: call a shell command . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  call   a

test:  find the stagename attribute of a specific type .
truth: import the best implementation of elementtree . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  import   import

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of orders . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters .
truth: return a copy of the string passed to the filter wrapped after 79 characters . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validates an parameters against a clip .
truth: if ndframe . 
test:  validate   performance
truth:  if   null

test:  delete a flavor info from a prefix instance .
truth: delete flavor instance_type information from instances system_metadata by prefix . 
test:  delete   instance_type
truth:  delete   flavor

test:  initializes the process .
truth: remove all handlers and add queuehandler on top . 
test:  function   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the set containing the paths and upper distributions .
truth: returns a sorted list of unique dependencies specified by the requirements file fpath . 
test:  shuffle   path
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  table with col line numbers and see that position for prebuild .
truth: read restructured text table . 
test:  text   input
truth:  read   read

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: same as imp . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   null

test:  load a template from a template .
truth: loads templates from python eggs via pkg_resource . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   templates

test:  checks whether the value is an integer of range .
truth: checks whether value is an integer between the lower and upper bounds . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  computes the value of the gaussian mean over a gaussian kernel in the make .
truth: gaussian sampling function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sampling   gaussian

test:  given a course and comment ajax only .
truth: given a course_id and comment_id . 
test:  send   a
truth:  given   a

test:  location updating reject section 9 .
truth: location updating reject section 9 . 
test:  null   action
truth:  updating   location

test:  collect all organizations .
truth: collect attributes from arguments . 
test:  collects   multiple
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  create a complete html page with colorized source code .
truth: create a complete html page with colorized source code . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  sign data with a json encoded mac address .
truth: mac the data using sha1 . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  null   mac

test:  adds a new unique dict to the given object .
truth: execute once to install special symbols into the llvm symbol table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  execute   null

test:  registers this function .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  registers   server
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  returns the logged of the api .
truth: creates a new deliciousapi object . 
test:  wraps   args
truth:  creates   a

test:  shutdown the rdp feature .
truth: shut down traffic server on the local node . 
test:  shutdown   function
truth:  shut   null

test:  convert to native characters .
truth: escape text to make it safe to display . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  text   text

test:  this function check that the format where the format is {username for the output of the format .
truth: set format and round trip through a format that shares out_subfmt . 
test:  model   format
truth:  format   format

test:  connect section 9 .
truth: connect section 9 . 
test:  connect   section
truth:  connect   section

test:  possibly a user from a channel or channel .
truth: do the channels in link have compatible types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  do   null

test:  a generator to mock the transformer of a black-box .
truth: context manager for mocking the transformer registry to return the given transformers . 
test:  correct   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  check if the event is configured on the node .
truth: return subscription for a particular node and event . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   subscription

test:  returns a dict of global notification type for the specified user .
truth: given a global subscription . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a directory for all the files in the directory .
truth: create a temporary directory with the given *prefix* that will survive at least as long as this process invocation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  format a block of lines to a block with only the specified length .
truth: format the given block of text . 
test:  to   a
truth:  format   format

test:  return the cache class for the given cache .
truth: create an empty copy of the given cache . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  create   create

test:  load the cpunish data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the statecrime data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  reads the version from ini file .
truth: return a dict with grr version information . 
test:  read   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the string representation of the content of an array .
truth: returns the string representation of an array . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get metadata for the specified aggregate .
truth: get metadata for the specified aggregate . 
test:  get   metadata
truth:  get   metadata

test:  only work on gentoo systems with gentoolkit installed .
truth: only work when dmidecode is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  work   work

test:  check that all editable hierarchy from the country collection .
truth: returns the edit_<level> value from the parent country hierarchy . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list with all default folders as keys .
truth: returns default context as a dict() . 
test:  default   null
truth:  default   default

test:  initialize the username for the main package .
truth: calling this function will take over the terminal until the current python interpreter is closed . 
test:  init   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  returns the proper group and path to the group .
truth: returns the proper group owner and path to the cron directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  usage: {{ import raw string .
truth: formats a human-readable m:ss string as a float . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  formats   a

test:  unregister an email hook .
truth: unregister an e-mail hook . 
test:  unregister   access
truth:  unregister   null

test:  encode a field for the model .
truth: get the field parts that represent the traversable relationships from the base model to the final field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return available list of all available vm sizes .
truth: return a dict of all available vm sizes on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of plugins to be available by name .
truth: takes a plugin name and plugin list and return the plugin object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot .
truth: return the glance metadata for the specified snapshot . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create an empty urlconf 404 error response .
truth: create an empty urlconf 404 error response . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  function to make sure the given method does not exist .
truth: mark method as skipped by replacing the actual method with wrapper that raises the testtools . 
test:  mark   test
truth:  mark   method

test:  list the keyring keyring .
truth: is keyring on disk cli example: . 
test:  null   documents
truth:  is   keyring

test:  creates an index document for all *other* types .
truth: handles slices in subscript nodes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  slices   slices

test:  initialize a new kanbanboard .
truth: calling compute on a raw collection? compute on an empty mongoquery . 
test:  make   factory
truth:  compute   compute

test:  toggle watching the private key for the user to show .
truth: toggle a widgets collapsed state . 
test:  handle   generator
truth:  toggle   a

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen parameter_type_list rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  update the subsection grade for a subsection .
truth: updates a saved subsection grade . 
test:  wraps   task
truth:  updates   a

test:  generate a random utils .
truth: generate a random uuid . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  print help formatted string with a long formatted string .
truth: this visually formats the help entry . 
test:  to   formats
truth:  null   null

test:  filters out results based on words in words .
truth: filters out results based on filter_words name: name to check words : string of words separated by a . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  filters   filters

test:  update all return entries within a apache return the apache database .
truth: unpack the idxs-vals format into the list of dictionaries that is misc . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  open an encoded file and return a wrapped blob .
truth: open an encoded file using the given mode and return a wrapped version providing transparent encoding/decoding . 
test:  open   open
truth:  open   open

test:  return the pulled on which to use .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stop   stop

test:  return a firewall socket .
truth: wrapper to urllib2 . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  fetches the versions from the git repository .
truth: get version information for components used by spyder . 
test:  return   structure
truth:  get   version

test:  returns a new array of entries in the data .
truth: creates an array with a copy of each entry of arr . 
test:  to   copy
truth:  creates   null

test:  numlist : numlist expr | expr le expr le expr | expr le expr | expr le expr | expr stmt | expr ne expr | expr gt expr |
truth: numlist : numlist comma number | number . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  translate the points .
truth: translate the points . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  removes accents from a string with a single space .
truth: transform accentuated unicode symbols into ascii or nothing warning: this solution is only suited for languages that have a direct transliteration to ascii symbols . 
test:  whitespace   sequences
truth:  accentuated   transform

test:  add a polynomial to a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: add an element of the ground domain to f . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  roundrobin take elements from a round-robin fashion .
truth: roundrobin --> a d e b f c . 
test:  roundrobin   null
truth:  roundrobin   null

test:  remove a filename from a filename .
truth: clean the url filename . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  clean   null

test:  format the status for a github github api .
truth: format a github status for presentation . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  helper function to cache a service .
truth: this is called by :func:call_vo_service . 
test:  return   a
truth:  is   null

test:  computes a l2loss .
truth: add i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   i

test:  generate a native port range & ~ .
truth: encode a port range range(port_min . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  helper to select a detached .
truth: allow flexible selector syntax . 
test:  select   function
truth:  allow   null

test:  a comma leaf .
truth: a comma leaf . 
test:  comma   comma
truth:  comma   comma

test:  a view that shows the page processor .
truth: short-circuits the request-response cycle if the etag matches . 
test:  executes   function
truth:  null   null

test:  return the module code .
truth: return module with language localizations . 
test:  return   module
truth:  module   module

test:  this walks prints an amazon root root .
truth: url inclusivenamespaces prefixlist parameter . 
test:  create   null
truth:  url   url

test:  implements the address after the bzr weekday .
truth: extract the mac address from provided iface id . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  test that a bad value from a bad delimiter file with a given delimiter .
truth: illegal delimiter in input . 
test:  passing   a
truth:  null   delimiter

test:  test same_domain .
truth: test host_tuple() . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a floating point in a human readable shape .
truth: helper function to interpret the tensor layout of preceding layer to handle non-recurrent . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a string that encodes a value to a given value .
truth: helper function to reverse compressedtextfield . 
test:  null   method
truth:  function   function

test:  run unit tests .
truth: executes the entire test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  executes   null

test:  add a consistent chart in the values dataset .
truth: create a donut chart containing one or more layers from table-like data . 
test:  text   plot
truth:  create   a

test:  return id of given real matrix .
truth: reconstruct matrix from real id . 
test:  find   matrix
truth:  reconstruct   matrix

test:  use the right of multinomial to check the right of multinomial samples .
truth: tests that a matrix of multinomial samples 1) has the right shape 2) is binary 3) has one 1 per row 4) converges to the right mean . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  ensure the named grafana is absent name the name of the user to remove name the users to delete the user to true if it does not exist .
truth: ensure a user does not exist on the dell drac name: the users username . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  check whether a short specific specific number is the same codes .
truth: given a valid short number . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  given   a

test:  return true if path is a tarfile .
truth: returns if the path belongs to a tarfile or not . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  this function indicates whether or not to fully fully public or not .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs except the length of hostname . 
test:  creating   page
truth:  return   a

test:  a scenario with tags should respond with true when the scenario matches exactly the tags but with a scenario .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with - it will exclude that tag from the matching . 
test:  null   arguments
truth:  null   null

test:  destroys a vm record .
truth: destroys a vm record . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroys   a

test:  pick data type containing newly found channels .
truth: pick only data channels . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   pick

test:  deprecated name .
truth: doesnt do anything . 
test:  function   sqlobjects
truth:  do   null

test:  test disconnect a bad timer .
truth: test disconnect with a single argument . 
test:  disconnect   disconnect
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  detaches a new disk to the number of ide .
truth: helper function for adding new ide controllers . 
test:  builds   crud
truth:  function   function

test:  copy data to a temporary directory .
truth: copy over monitordir to a tmpdir on the remote host . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   copy

test:  internal helper function to convert a new certs to a single database .
truth: this method is a retry version of db_setup . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   method

test:  get output summary information for an servers .
truth: three column output: position . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  null   column

test:  return the version of portaudio .
truth: returns portaudio version as a text string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if the given list of dependencies .
truth: check dependencies and install if necessary . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   dependencies

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  resizes a list of functions of each item in a order of the action .
truth: a decorator for benchmark functions that measure multiple iteration counts . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  a shorthand for format_list(extract_stack) .
truth: a shorthand for format_list(extract_tb) . 
test:  null   like
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  ensure that the retries plugins is utility for the specified plugins .
truth: contexts where preferred_plugins can be modified w/o side-effects . 
test:  is   api
truth:  null   contexts

test:  given a list of source strings .
truth: return all suitable attributes for the venn diagram . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a generator that generates a involutions .
truth: generates involutions . 
test:  null   n
truth:  generates   null

test:  raises a textual status with the given status .
truth: standardizes all responses . 
test:  send   message
truth:  standardizes   null

test:  only load if grafana is available .
truth: return statistics about system memory usage as a namedtuple including the following fields . 
test:  load   virtual
truth:  return   statistics

test:  returns a list of all modules that contain the given application .
truth: execute app . 
test:  null   module
truth:  execute   app

test:  pull out the data that was downloaded .
truth: pull salt file references out of the states . 
test:  given   salt
truth:  pull   salt

test:  checks that the given token matches the given criteria .
truth: checks if user has a label in flows authorized_labels list . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  removes the users ip role the specified viewpoint .
truth: remove a viewpoint from a users inbox . 
test:  selects   resume
truth:  remove   a

test:  fetch an lyricswiki connection for a given title .
truth: fetch lyrics from lyricswiki . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  use netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database .
truth: use threads and netmiko to connect to each of the devices in the database . 
test:  use   point
truth:  use   threads

test:  returns a set of email addresses for a request .
truth: return the set of e-mail addresses for the recipients . 
test:  add   a
truth:  return   return

test:  asserts that given directory contains no paths .
truth: fail unless the deb file at package_path contains all the expected_paths . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  fail   null

test:  checks if the given result is good enough quality that we can stop searching for other ones .
truth: checks if the given result is a best quality match and if we want to stop searching providers here . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  write a task id .
truth: flake8 - static check for python files . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  -   -

test:  returns the item from the list .
truth: count the number of items in an iterable . 
test:  get   items
truth:  count   count

test:  aux function for transductive .
truth: factor out common code for adagrad tests . 
test:  project   null
truth:  null   factor

test:  evaluates the tan inverse of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic sine of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  zdt1 multiobjective function .
truth: zdt2 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display the current time zone :return: the current time :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: get the current system time . 
test:  display   display
truth:  get   get

test:  load all commit types from a given path .
truth: parse a git repository with all its commits and load it into elasticsearch using client . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  parse   a

test:  unshares photos from the episodes with the specified necessary .
truth: terminate the calling users account . 
test:  generates   vpc
truth:  terminate   null

test:  deletes a firewall rule cli example: .
truth: deletes the specified firewall_rule cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  lazy-import a simple free function: it returns a free set of regexp represented by a new family .
truth: computes the free-energy of visible unit configuration v_sample . 
test:  null   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  create a new repo .
truth: prompt for a new directory and create a new git repository :returns str: repository path or none if no repository was created . 
test:  using   a
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  fetch the http url for a given wsgi server .
truth: get the http method + url from requests . 
test:  to   method
truth:  get   get

test:  efficiently compute the normalization of a primaryjoin stored in a non-negative mnist .
truth: writeme output feature map will have shape batch_size x number of kernels * output_size . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  output   output

test:  takes a context object or raise if it does not exist .
truth: calculates whether to include deleted objects based on context . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  calculates   null

test:  install osx trial with os .
truth: setup to run via launchd on os x . 
test:  to   replaces
truth:  to   setup

test:  return the primary package name for the package .
truth: return a resource finder for a package . 
test:  returns   prompt
truth:  return   a

test:  this function performs the unread/read .
truth: constructs a python tensor flow model defined by model_spec . 
test:  init   null
truth:  constructs   a

test:  a backwards - uses simplified_pairs .
truth: handle a sig event and return 0 to terminate the process . 
test:  catch   query
truth:  handle   a

test:  show disk version .
truth: execute show version command using netmiko . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  show   show

test:  loads a plugin path from the given file .
truth: load plugin from zip file or raise invalidplugin error :return: a :class:plugin instance . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  attach a block device to a server .
truth: attach block volume . 
test:  attach   block
truth:  block   block

test:  new usercontributionsmodel for new datastore buffers .
truth: commits a user contributions object to the datastore . 
test:  sync   a
truth:  commits   a

test:  creates a callback to change its final scripts .
truth: private callback function for system_specific_unzipping . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  callback   callback

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: perform local cassandra backup by taking a new snapshot . 
test:  create   a
truth:  perform   null

test:  given a sequence .
truth: sort shorter passages first . 
test:  null   items
truth:  sort   sort

test:  callback to handle merging nodes by a given os graph .
truth: callback to handle merging nodes by choosing minimum weight . 
test:  to   callback
truth:  to   callback

test:  sort an iterable of wang/eez: objects .
truth: get sorted items from an http header of type: a;q=0 . 
test:  sort   convenience
truth:  sorted   get

test:  clear the local cache .
truth: clear the namespace from the register usage: . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a string representing the given name .
truth: add a shard number to the end of a target . 
test:  given   a
truth:  add   a

test:  converts a compiler into a compiler instance .
truth: get and customize a compiler . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a boolean .
truth: prompt users whether to build a new bokehjs or install an existing one . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  prompt   users

test:  function that returns the type of a text file object .
truth: retrieve the java type of a descriptor . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  attach a total total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  get current video track .
truth: get current video track . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   current

test:  return the name of the instance .
truth: shortcut to get instance name . 
test:  returns   attributes
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement .
truth: recursively generate nodes inferred by the given statement . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  generate   generate

test:  function to get the list of sections for the given series the sections are returned in the order of their position in the order .
truth: return the template data from the series_id passed in @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 subnets to which the host belongs cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check quickly whether a first root of f is in a forced .
truth: returns the tuple . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the reverse of the parameters dist : list of the effect returns the multivariate [1]_ of the distance is the effect of the various coefficients .
truth: uses reversing to rotate the list . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  apply a branching rule to its logical .
truth: compose a sequence of brules so that they apply to the expr sequentially . 
test:  p   generator
truth:  compose   a

test:  create a regenerate index for a type specified by name .
truth: create an index on a column . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  join a host string to a user .
truth: turns user/host/port strings into user@host:port combined string . 
test:  join   method
truth:  turns   null

test:  simulate a context manager that automatically obtains the audio interface .
truth: opens a recording stream in a context manager . 
test:  runs   reader
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the language-code thats listed in supported settings .
truth: returns the language-code thats listed in supported languages . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap it all up together .
truth: wrap it all up together . 
test:  function   runs
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  saves one or more file to disk .
truth: save configuration . 
test:  save   data
truth:  save   configuration

test:  calculate the precision for the mle objective function .
truth: evaluation of the graph-lasso objective function the objective function is made of a shifted scaled version of the normalized log-likelihood and a penalisation term to promote sparsity . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   evaluation

test:  builds a test suite for the geos test suite .
truth: generate the suite of tests . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata .
truth: generate kernel_arg_access_qual metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  gets the preferred time zone for the channel .
truth: send an announcement to all channels the bot is in . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  send   send

test:  fixture providing the config node .
truth: patch out a pytest request . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  determine if a database revision revision is present .
truth: create an un-versioned archive of a repository . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   create

test:  set debconf rules with the remote host and posix-compliant .
truth: set iptable rules . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  docstring for install_pandas .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  computes the bayesian information criterion assuming that the observations come from the bayesian distribution .
truth: computes the bayesian information criterion given the log of the likelihood function evaluated at the estimated parameters . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  recursively get or constructor to put a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: disassemble classes . 
test:  null   decipher
truth:  null   classes

test:  compile a file .
truth: does nothig on ironpython . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  does   null

test:  attempt to parse the message for a ping .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a ping . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  called during the output .
truth: convert entities and their associated sentiment to json . 
test:  to   entity
truth:  convert   entities

test:  returns a reference to the given reference type .
truth: ref_type : identifier . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   ref_type

test:  load a resource from a file .
truth: return file contents for files within the package root folder . 
test:  load   null
truth:  file   file

test:  decorator to indicate that a method is a recursion default .
truth: a decorator that returns the return value of default in recursions . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a backup by id .
truth: get a backup by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator collecting replies from queue .
truth: generator collecting replies from queue . 
test:  collecting   generator
truth:  collecting   generator

test:  only load if we are running .
truth: initialize the application log . 
test:  null   code
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates a reference to the highest operator .
truth: generates the column specification for the latex tabular environment based on the dataset width . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  make every numpy array filled with a set of unitary .
truth: constructs a regular cartesian grid parameters: a: lower bounds in each dimension b: upper bounds in each dimension nums: number of nodes along each dimension order: order in which the product is enumerated returns: out: each line corresponds to one point of the product space . 
test:  given   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  convert an integer to a base36 .
truth: returns the id name for the given id number . 
test:  convert   content
truth:  returns   returns

test:  read the page from the given file and return as a byte string .
truth: read the page_header from the given fo . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  helper method that creates a get osr .
truth: get a session to xenapi . 
test:  context   function
truth:  get   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef objects list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  makes a sample from a sample on the fit and estimate it .
truth: makes a normal probability plot with a fitted line . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  deletes the specified router cli example: .
truth: delete the specified router cli example: . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sets the current cache version .
truth: set the cache version to the specified value . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  getprime:long return true if a random number is a prime instance .
truth: isprime:bool return true if n is prime . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  this make a visual visual .
truth: factory to return a matplotlib-enabled runner for %run . 
test:  null   tuple
truth:  to   factory

test:  deletes a vlanid entry from db .
truth: deletes a vlanid entry from db . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return a path to the primary key for a cache .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  returns   k
truth:  am   am

test:  show a warning with an error code and exit code .
truth: prints a brief usage string and exits . 
test:  block   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  parses exponent .
truth: returns end of exponential . 
test:  am   length
truth:  end   end

test:  returns a string .
truth: returns sequence in format [ item 1 | item 2 | . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  returns   sequence

test:  rough for starting with the message .
truth: rough reimplementation of nose . 
test:  verify   notification
truth:  null   reimplementation

test:  create a new .
truth: test helper function to construct a serviceextendsresolver . 
test:  create   a
truth:  test   helper

test:  convert an integer represented as a got .
truth: convert k/m/g/t/p notation to float . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  set/get the ylimits of a polar dataframe on a polar plot .
truth: set/get the radial locations of the gridlines and ticklabels on a polar plot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  null   null

test:  given 2 country instances .
truth: given 2 country instances . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  transfer a directory down .
truth: send a file from the master to the location in specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns true if the we can build an event with a new dummyrequest .
truth: changes to this function should come with corresponding changes to buildnarrowfiltertest . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   changes

test:  decorator that will force all available tables .
truth: force the given table names to be dropped after test complete . 
test:  drops   session
truth:  force   force

test:  given a string to a tty .
truth: output string straight to the tty . 
test:  write   a
truth:  string   string

test:  set the global registry registry .
truth: set the global widgetregistry instance for the entry point group . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  check to make sure pandas is installed .
truth: aux function . 
test:  if   check
truth:  function   function

test:  check_call -> 0 run command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  command   command

test:  calculates values of values along an impulse function .
truth: return the ecdf of an array as a step function . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the balancing ratio to fit is smaller than the one of the data . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if an rpm package is installed .
truth: check if a package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add or create a new common attribute used for all tests .
truth: base arguments describing how to mull . 
test:  add   null
truth:  base   arguments

test:  check the number of instances needed to get the minimum instances of instances in the current region .
truth: lookup the number of instances by elb state and assert if the minimum required is not met . 
test:  make   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  return details about the server .
truth: simple command wrapper to commands that need only a path option . 
test:  -   runs
truth:  command   command

test:  setup the neato sensor .
truth: setup the neato switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the number of bits from the catalog catalog .
truth: verify the number of plurals in the translation . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a list of lines items from a path .
truth: returns items from text file as a list . 
test:  get   sync
truth:  returns   items

test:  goes through senderkey .
truth: delete any empty signals for senderkey . 
test:  cleans   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  only load if the pecl module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the ini module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  handle page missing page missing .
truth: displayed if page or revision does not exist . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  return a new ripemd160 object .
truth: return a new mssha1 crypto object . 
test:  changes   null
truth:  return   a

test:  group sums by default .
truth: sum by groups given group dummy variable group_dummy can be either ndarray or sparse matrix . 
test:  null   group
truth:  sum   sum

test:  add the billedopprotos in billed_ops_list to the billedopprotos .
truth: adds the billedopproto objects to the given map . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   null

test:  check whether the given directory is an html file .
truth: validates and returns the absolute path of webroot_path . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates a query to filter identities based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a query to filter documents and tasks based on filterform arguments . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  tanh activation function .
truth: element-wise tanh . 
test:  null   routing
truth:  null   tanh

test:  return a mediafile .
truth: return a mediafile . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the peaks of the given image .
truth: find corners in corner measure response image . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  find   corners

test:  creates a function object in the xunit .
truth: return a callable to perform xunit-style setup or teardown if the function exists in the holder object . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns an umc module for a given object .
truth: returns an umc module object prepared for creating a new entry . 
test:  add   serialize
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the database if associated with the given model is provided .
truth: update or create an item based on event id as pk . 
test:  add   a
truth:  update   update

test:  downloads an results or a function that can be used to download a day format .
truth: download -> httpresponse transform the search result set to the specified format and download . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  aborts execution and causes a timing .
truth: decorator wrapper to log execution time . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  routing area update request section 9 .
truth: routing area update complete section 9 . 
test:  multivariate   service
truth:  routing   area

test:  load a file from the specified file .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  courses to certificates controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a mismatch file .
truth: rudimentary method to read in data from a file . 
test:  name   a
truth:  null   method

test:  reads the current docker-compose file .
truth: read the docker-compose . 
test:  read   attempt
truth:  read   read

test:  test xunit output with different different different different different different units .
truth: test xunit output with different filename . 
test:  test   configure
truth:  test   xunit

test:  a one returns a copy of b .
truth: return a copy of dictionaries of variables based on configured hash behavior . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  wraps a method with class closed .
truth: decorator for storage-access methods . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disconnect signal from sender to gradient gradient .
truth: disconnect receiver from sender for signal receiver -- the registered receiver to disconnect signal -- the registered signal to disconnect sender -- the registered sender to disconnect weak -- the weakref state to disconnect disconnect reverses the process of connect . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  disconnect   receiver

test:  testing sys .
truth: testing sys . 
test:  testing   module
truth:  testing   sys

test:  return a new dictionary mapping of numbers to axis .
truth: construct 1-0 dummy variables corresponding to designated axis labels parameters frame : dataframe axis : {major . 
test:  create   dataframe
truth:  construct   null

test:  modifies a function if deprecated is deprecated .
truth: mark a function deprecated so calling it issues a warning . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  list hypervisor specified in the account .
truth: list hypervisors . 
test:  list   linux
truth:  list   hypervisors

test:  replace spaces in a string with spaces .
truth: create a safe version of the verion string . 
test:  initializes   version
truth:  create   a

test:  revision check revision from a trashed user .
truth: get current revision . 
test:  test   redis
truth:  get   current

test:  group indices by a list of table .
truth: group table indices based on values of selected columns . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   table

test:  command : next id .
truth: command : next error . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if path is a symlink .
truth: return a bool telling whether or path is absolute . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  get the remaining edge hashtable .
truth: get the remaining edge hashtable . 
test:  get   metadata
truth:  get   get

test:  construct the string that contains the same arguments .
truth: this just moves the last arg to first position to enable expansion of args a . 
test:  given   accepts
truth:  null   null

test:  create a volume type .
truth: create a new volume type . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ban application .
truth: a page to ban a user for the reason of "spam" and mark the users revisions and page creations as spam . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  null   page

test:  return a dict of the data for the given usernames .
truth: generate mapping data used in response . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  check the given text against expected contents .
truth: check the current pages content as json . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a test for a yes/no surface to a --junit-xml directory .
truth: test for issue url use --keep-duplicates to collect tests from duplicate directories . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  reads a single .
truth: parse html and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   html

test:  add the vertexes .
truth: add the vertexes . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  index page for authenticated users .
truth: user focused activity stream . 
test:  returns   page
truth:  focused   user

test:  works like unicode .
truth: convenience method that works with all 2 . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the domainname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  formats a json representation of the corresponding token to the class .
truth: formats a list of billedopprotos for display in the appstats ui . 
test:  null   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  start watching a 3d replacing network methods .
truth: run various traffic control commands on a single interface . 
test:  setup   media
truth:  run   run

test:  this function returns a random expression for the normal distribution .
truth: sample from a normal distribution centered on avg with the specified standard deviation . 
test:  int   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  returns a url for the given endpoint .
truth: simple function for url generation . 
test:  build   a
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a numeric type to a decimal or a decimal .
truth: see if d(x) returns something . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  if   null

test:  create an agent to interact with a spinnaker front50 server .
truth: create an agent to interact with a spinnaker gate server . 
test:  return   create
truth:  create   create

test:  writes message immediately to stdout .
truth: log the specified message to the stdout and flush the stream . 
test:  log   message
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the largest first eigenvalues of g .
truth: returns a list of the nodes of g in decreasing order by degree . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate the site if we will return a matching one .
truth: returns a list of page and header instances that represent the top level site navigation . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a makes a sites public interface .
truth: allow access to the datastore table through :meth:~ckanext . 
test:  make   a
truth:  access   access

test:  initial callback after the server is eb .
truth: errback invoked when authentication fails . 
test:  if   check
truth:  invoked   errback

test:  return true if the variable is undefined .
truth: like :func:defined but the other way round . 
test:  if   return
truth:  like   like

test:  maps keys for volumes summary view .
truth: maps keys for volumes summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  time in yyyymmdd notation as a time .
truth: converts a time value to seconds . 
test:  transform   openssl
truth:  converts   a

test:  decorator that adds a view to flask authentication .
truth: decorator that protects endpoints using basic http authentication . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  include any file names that should be considered within this platform .
truth: check the exec path for include dirs . 
test:  given   include
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the number of singular addresses of singular blocks .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  function   null
truth:  see   null

test:  update the users language .
truth: helper to get/create a new translation project . 
test:  create   import
truth:  to   helper

test:  embed log entries into album .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   album

test:  convert x to a subclass .
truth: convert argument of unknown type to a bool: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   argument

test:  list nat rules .
truth: get list of nat rules for domain . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  check if a command is bind or as a nzb command .
truth: return whether the dest is bind mounted :arg module: the ansiblemodule :arg dest: the directory to be mounted under . 
test:  needed   null
truth:  return   return

test:  elementwise hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: forward propagation activation function . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  null   propagation

test:  converts data to a django field for debugging data and dirs .
truth: generate a dictionary of fields for a given django model . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the list of active steps for the given cluster .
truth: when did something last happen with the given cluster? things we look at: * cluster . 
test:  return   a
truth:  did   null

test:  convert a pandas bundle name to a python bundle name .
truth: read a bundle ingestion directory name into a pandas timestamp . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  read   a

test:  return a valid directory to use with testing .
truth: return utf-8-encoded bytes of a path to a tmp file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  extracts the authentication with the http basic credentials .
truth: a helper function for extraction of http basic credentials from a given :term:request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  check that grammar matches bad grammar .
truth: some attrs use the _assert_is_type func for typechecking . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  null   attrs

test:  returns true if the os is carbon .
truth: returns true if idle is using a carbon aqua tk . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the variable is uppercased .
truth: check if the value is escaped . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  initialize the creates attribute of available .
truth: set up global resource manager . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   up

test:  cleans all cyclic pairs as cyclic string .
truth: cyclic_metasploit -> str a simple wrapper over :func:metasploit_pattern . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  manipulate the xml element .
truth: manipulate the xml element . 
test:  manipulate   null
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  get all the keys for a node .
truth: view that returns the formatted data for rubeus . 
test:  view   handle
truth:  view   view

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of sample language ids .
truth: obtain a translation unit from source and language . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  obtain   a

test:  returns an xml dictionary with the given metadata for any xml .
truth: returns a meta node with page . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  alerts alerts .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  page through text by feeding it to another program .
truth: page through text by feeding it to another program . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   page

test:  convert the permanences algorithm to a transfer .
truth: transfer the permanences from source to dest sps . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  packs kernel .
truth: add a kernel with the specified tag to the boot config using the given bootloader object . 
test:  add   multiple
truth:  add   a

test:  send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are up and also require the packet .
truth: send arp who-has requests to determine which hosts are in promiscuous mode promiscping . 
test:  send   compute
truth:  send   arp

test:  return the tree which match the trees in trees .
truth: return the tree nodes in the trees which match the given pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to find an element with given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  text   find
truth:  handle   handle

test:  declarator : direct_declarator .
truth: struct_declarator : declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for benchmarks that do not match the iterate of the projects .
truth: decorator for skipping tests hitting known bugs usage: from openstack_dashboard . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ensure the given configuration .
truth: ensure that the marathon app with the given id is present and is configured to match the given config values . 
test:  set   update
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a short index key names for the given key .
truth: get the index of the key in the names list . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for quoting a string that doesnt contain any ignored .
truth: get one element of a set . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   one

test:  determine which source to use on image_resize_image .
truth: standard tool function that returns a dictionary containing the big . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  null   tool

test:  get the string representation of this object info .
truth: get the string representation of this object info . 
test:  xml   get
truth:  get   get

test:  the config file should be able to access this page .
truth: setup the test module . 
test:  null   try
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return the data files that is used for the app .
truth: return data_files in a platform dependent manner . 
test:  create   function
truth:  return   return

test:  decompress iterator to iterator until an iterator is not a correctly .
truth: stream decodes an iterator over compressed data . 
test:  like   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  create a simple string-ize compatible with the specified name and process the process .
truth: record and return filename . 
test:  create   init
truth:  record   record

test:  an application that displays the score_reset view .
truth: simple test application that dumps the environment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get all deleted configs for the provided host .
truth: return a list of the instance uuids on a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   a

test:  cudandarraytype is a bug .
truth: the snippet below does not work and the related bug . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   snippet

test:  fetch something that is less than a module .
truth: import a module or fetch an object from a module . 
test:  given   something
truth:  import   a

test:  check l10n device block .
truth: callback which runs with the image vdi attached . 
test:  like   glance
truth:  callback   callback

test:  restores the configuration of the fields from a modeladmin config file .
truth: restore important configuration needed by a follower . 
test:  resets   attempts
truth:  restore   restore

test:  always return a native path .
truth: always return a native path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert bytes to a string if it is not already installed .
truth: decode a string to a l{unicode} representation . 
test:  get   docstring
truth:  decode   a

test:  generate a paginated hash from the given string .
truth: if generic==true then returns empty __git_sha__ string . 
test:  return   upgrade
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a wsgi lock that can be used for the admin prefix .
truth: partial object generator for the synchronization decorator . 
test:  null   in
truth:  object   object

test:  runs ctc loss algorithm on each element .
truth: decodes the output of a softmax using either greedy or a constrained dictionary search . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  return a list of available keyring cli example: .
truth: list all cephx authorization keys cli example: . 
test:  return   keyring
truth:  list   list

test:  change the users room number cli example: .
truth: change the users work phone cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  update metadata if it exists .
truth: update metadata if it exists . 
test:  update   metadata
truth:  update   metadata

test:  wraps a view function into a get parameter .
truth: a decorator for translating functions which take a swob request object and return a response object into wsgi callables . 
test:  wraps   test
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of all files names in this vmware environment .
truth: return a list of all directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the docstrings for this linux system .
truth: return current active profile cli example: . 
test:  use   list
truth:  return   current

test:  returns the disk size for the given linode .
truth: returns the size of of the root disk in mb . 
test:  shuffle   read
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like getattr but returns true if object .
truth: in recent versions of python . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   in

test:  convert the given pretend structure to a builtin one .
truth: converts builtins directives to includes directives . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  show all html/css/xml jobs .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   list
truth:  return   a

test:  return all job id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   path
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a new response headers .
truth: create response class for flask . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   response

test:  cast x to a numpy type .
truth: symbolically cast x to a scalar of given dtype . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  cast   cast

test:  fix replace and fix replace replace replace 32 with 64bit replace replace replace any of rfc3986 .
truth: create and fix makefile for 64bit replace 32 with 64bit directories . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  delete a container .
truth: delete a container . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url .
truth: convert an internationalized resource identifier portion to a uri portion that is suitable for inclusion in a url . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  wait for a condition to finish .
truth: wait for a condition to be true up to a maximum number of tries . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  check if the system is running on the system path .
truth: wrapper for using lxc . 
test:  create   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  helper for a warning to provide a warning for a given works .
truth: assert that code raises a particular class of warning . 
test:  to   versions
truth:  assert   assert

test:  decorator to make a dummy method that validates a method and return a dummy class .
truth: helper method to implement unabc . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   method

test:  module function to encrypt a password with the given key .
truth: module function to encrypt a password . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a detailed view of the arp system .
truth: napalm returns a list of dictionaries with details of the arp entries . 
test:  name   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  resolve the document by delegating to the document if the document has the given permission .
truth: resolve the document by the provided primary key and check the optional permission . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  check if ini section exists .
truth: check if ini section exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list all updates that have been multipath .
truth: device-mapper multipath list cli example: . 
test:  retrieve   list
truth:  null   null

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: write out data . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  this decorator is used with a custom model to make a custom model that is not used with a custom model .
truth: create a model from a user defined function . 
test:  find   null
truth:  create   a

test:  process the faces .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  groups groups that have followed by a list of tlist .
truth: groups together tokens that are joined by a middle token . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   groups

test:  this creates a new model with the given configuration .
truth: create instance of model class . 
test:  test   a
truth:  create   instance

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher adds support for the build plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <sloccount+plugin> .
truth: yaml: shining-panda publish coverage . 
test:  null   shell
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a key into a string .
truth: convert a key into a string of binary digits . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  expr : expr < expr .
truth: expr : variable . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  expr   expr

test:  perform a precision value using the given precision .
truth: round the number to a given precision . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  round   round

test:  remove uninstalling values from an expression .
truth: create a rule to remove identities isid - fn :: x -> bool --- whether or not this element is an identity . 
test:  remove   multiple
truth:  create   a

test:  converts arrays into list of continuous variables .
truth: generate a cartesian product of input arrays . 
test:  null   version
truth:  generate   a

test:  constructs a human readable code of a word .
truth: split code at " symbol . 
test:  code   tuples
truth:  code   code

test:  convert group to group .
truth: convert a group identifier . 
test:  convert   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a specific rollback rollback .
truth: get the backup of stored a configuration rollback . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  adds an elliptical by its entity type for the given object .
truth: call the appropriate index method for a given notification . 
test:  given   generator
truth:  call   call

test:  compute the covariance method for proj .
truth: compute ssp vectors on evoked . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   ssp

test:  generate a circle screensize window .
truth: draw an image with a circle . 
test:  null   plot
truth:  draw   null

test:  require the bzr command-line tool .
truth: require the hg command-line tool . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the line graph of the graph g .
truth: return apply nodes of expr sub-tree in topological order . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  returns the url to the page view .
truth: returns an absolute url matching given view with its parameters . 
test:  null   sequence
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse an openid response to a mechanism response .
truth: parse an openid response from a django request . 
test:  takes   parses
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return data to a pg data store .
truth: return data to couchbase bucket . 
test:  function   load
truth:  return   data

test:  find the longest shut between the tree of the tree .
truth: find the longest prefix match in tree for each query in bin_x most significant bits are considered as the prefix . 
test:  find   compare
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the message that the last contact this is running .
truth: fills in initial contact form fields from request . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  fills   in

test:  returns a list of notifications for this modules .
truth: notifications for modules . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   notifications

test:  check if current line contains an inherited function .
truth: checks whether where function type arguments are expected . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  convert a numpy array to the correct numeric numeric values .
truth: promote im1 . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  promote   im1

test:  left is a sql clause like tablename .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  to   null
truth:  is   null

test:  stop all workers in the modjk load balancer example: .
truth: activate all the workers in the modjk load balancer example: . 
test:  recover   stop
truth:  activate   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of values into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  like   example
truth:  null   example

test:  raise resourcedenied if the resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  enable docker plugin .
truth: enable the flocker docker plugin . 
test:  render   control
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns true if the url belongs to the given url .
truth: check if url is ssh . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  regression test for url .
truth: test loading glyphs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  loading   loading

test:  returns a regextokenizer that can be used as a regular expression .
truth: compile the given uri template string into a pattern matcher . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compile   compile

test:  transform legacy parameters into uris and return a precession ipynb map .
truth: transform a given uri into an app url state-free part of transforming uris to nbviewer urls . 
test:  searches   list
truth:  transform   a

test:  check the unicode bug of numpy labels .
truth: check that user is not subject to an old numpy bug fixed in master before 1 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the detrend detrend instance .
truth: return x minus best fit line; linear detrending . 
test:  return   y
truth:  return   x

test:  get the list of minion info for a user .
truth: returns a dictionary of system-wide information . 
test:  attributes   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  the fastcommentedheader reader should denote the behavior of each field in the program .
truth: make sure that different delimiters work as expected . 
test:  to   test
truth:  make   null

test:  permission denied handler .
truth: permission denied handler . 
test:  denied   permission
truth:  denied   permission

test:  convert a number field to a python number .
truth: convert a number field to a python number . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return art url from a string .
truth: return art url from itunes store given an album title . 
test:  return   generator
truth:  return   art

test:  should not use root view instead of root .
truth: tests user-accessible projects when there are no permissions set at the root . 
test:  test   reading
truth:  tests   tests

test:  determine whether a variance 16bit to determine the add-on of a box .
truth: finds the distance between two pairs of latitude and longitude . 
test:  see   distance
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns a model class for a given model class by its name and ctype the given model class .
truth: returns queryset of all permission objects for the given class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  queryset   queryset

test:  convert a 1-way property or a json-safe property into the json-safe representation .
truth: return the import/export_transform lines for a datastore type . 
test:  is   transform
truth:  return   return

test:  a decorator to make a variable that sends a variable to a variable .
truth: provides a custom getter for all variable creations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  provides   a

test:  colorize text using ansicolor ref: url .
truth: colorize text using ansicolor ref: url . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  determine whether a user can delete an acl .
truth: return whether or not the request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  determine if we can connect to a connection .
truth: try to connect to the given url . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   try

test:  return the number of workers that can be used .
truth: return the configured number of workers . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return the token_to_textobject terminal .
truth: function used by getterminalcharset() to get terminal charset . 
test:  return   query
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a list of format modules found .
truth: returns a list of the format modules found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a custom analyze list with the given title .
truth: return a dictionary with the needed info . 
test:  function   network
truth:  return   a

test:  opencl get_work_dim() .
truth: opencl barrier() example: # workgroup barrier + local memory fence hsa . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new example to a creates two battery .
truth: creates two exits to and from the two rooms east and west . 
test:  creates   new
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the number of times numreturn to 1 .
truth: helper method for test . 
test:  return   =
truth:  null   method

test:  remove the xml element .
truth: remove xml file . 
test:  xml   remove
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return a string representing the current uuid .
truth: returns a time based uuid . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple wrapper for the specified soap soap utility function .
truth: create a soap fault message . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  return detailed for all nics for a particular vm .
truth: create network interfaces on appropriate lans as defined in cloud profile . 
test:  create   rules
truth:  create   network

test:  update an imagemember object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a member object . 
test:  update   calculate
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  queries networks .
truth: list existing networks names filter by name ids filter by id cli example: . 
test:  clear   volume
truth:  existing   list

test:  get all the flattened levels from nested rings .
truth: get flattened nested rings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  evaluate a b-spline or its derivatives .
truth: find the roots of a cubic b-spline . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  find   find

test:  write the .
truth: enrich the file metadata with metadata dict thanks to pil . 
test:  write   data
truth:  enrich   null

test:  remove the string .
truth: remove repeating module names from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return an albuminfo object containing all the fields available in the given plugin .
truth: as above . 
test:  returns   plugin
truth:  null   null

test:  release media list created with l{libvlc_media_list_new}() .
truth: get media instance from this media list instance . 
test:  lock   media
truth:  get   media

test:  return a list of the names that have been downloaded locally .
truth: return a dict of hosts and named guests path path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a list of all pids on this system .
truth: return a dictionary with all processes pids as keys and their parents as value . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  return   a

test:  get all services belonging to a binary .
truth: get services for a given binary . 
test:  get   class
truth:  get   services

test:  test that something works on a single column of strings .
truth: tests wether densedesignmatrixpytables can be loaded and initialize iterator . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   wether

test:  normalize a pandas index type by type .
truth: replace series with column names in an index wherever possible . 
test:  dataframe   column
truth:  replace   series

test:  given a list of prefixes .
truth: return a list of all units formed by unit and the given prefixes . 
test:  given   round
truth:  return   a

test:  handles the web page with the response but returns a origin .
truth: return a 405 response when method is not allowed . 
test:  propagates   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the specified service is available .
truth: returns true if the specified service is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of locale names for all locale directories .
truth: return a tuple for all locale directories . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  normalize the server configuration file .
truth: convert setting values that has been improperly converted to a dict back to a string . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  setting   setting

test:  return the symbol of a .
truth: simple vech operator returns vechvec: vector of all elements on and below diagonal . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test label calculation for source to install .
truth: test label sign flip computation . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  label   label

test:  return the most recent entries .
truth: return similar entries . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  insert a dataset from the minion .
truth: return data to a mongodb server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  returns the about the given vim about page .
truth: get the about info from the service content . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  get   get

test:  given a list of line names .
truth: handles an extends line in a snippet . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  handles   handles

test:  return the list of objects of an input image .
truth: return an object at a given memory address . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  single transaction page .
truth: user denied page . 
test:  null   a
truth:  denied   user

test:  create a new array that is like ary .
truth: call cuda . 
test:  create   a
truth:  call   cuda

test:  convert an xml document to a block of rst .
truth: return restructuredtext code block from code string . 
test:  return   code
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  returns the template with the given name .
truth: retrieves the templates source contents . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  replace all line-ending of whitespace with a single space character with a single space character capitalized .
truth: normalize a string so that whitespace is uniform and remove whitespace between tags . 
test:  return   sequences
truth:  normalize   a

test:  calculate the minimum of the values of an input image array .
truth: calculate the minimum of the values of an array over labeled regions . 
test:  return   series
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  toggle the default event to visible .
truth: toggle the visible state of the two images . 
test:  toggle   use
truth:  toggle   toggle

test:  decorator that calls keyword arguments in keyword arguments this is a rough rough for decoding in keyword arguments .
truth: like is_partial_args for the given signature spec . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  get the last line of the line which starts with the given character .
truth: get the split line before a bracket or semicolon . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  deletes menu most output .
truth: delete the menu items . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  parses a string of bytes from a number .
truth: expects the stream to contain a number next . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  expects   null

test:  creates a new action instance that iterates all threaded .
truth: return a new callback for :mod:werkzeug . 
test:  initialize   factory
truth:  return   a

test:  a dummy view for assert that ignores the messages .
truth: broken send function for email_broken step . 
test:  null   access
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of objects for the named service .
truth: returns a simple list of objects from a given service instance . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates list of entities to load entities .
truth: get the union of all custom fields in the specified entities . 
test:  returns   country
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if there are any permissions for the given user .
truth: returns controller permissions if defined . 
test:  returns   crud
truth:  returns   controller

test:  returns a string with newline separated by printing the te is a dictionary with only a simple string .
truth: format a preferences file for use with topiaryexplorer tep file . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  format   a

test:  poweroff a running system .
truth: issue a clean shutdown to the container . 
test:  null   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  returns the divergence of the vector field computed wrt the base scalars of the given frame .
truth: returns the divergence of a vector field computed wrt the coordinate symbols of the given frame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  entry point for classes .
truth: decorates a class . 
test:  null   load
truth:  decorates   a

test:  writing to a annotation stream .
truth: open stream . 
test:  function   function
truth:  stream   stream

test:  return a list of the names of all lower methods .
truth: return a list of resource formats whose names contain a string . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  filters all errors in an iterable which only contain errors .
truth: filter a erros by select and ignore options . 
test:  filters   generator
truth:  filter   a

test:  test virtual environment variables .
truth: test command line flags that append to defaults set by environmental variables . 
test:  test   test
truth:  command   command

test:  normalize points .
truth: normalize a collection of points in homogeneous coordinates so that last row = 1 . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   a

test:  launch the proposals code for a given imdb .
truth: generate rpn proposals on all images in an imdb . 
test:  given   get
truth:  generate   rpn

test:  test that a custom custom attribute behaves correctly create a base class with a base class .
truth: tests url parts are properly joined with a base . 
test:  compose   a
truth:  url   url

test:  turn a pathname of characters to a make .
truth: trim string to fit on terminal . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  string   string

test:  run a logical function .
truth: run a command using errrun and raise exception on nonzero exit . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   a

test:  permanently attach a minions instance .
truth: add an existing node/member to an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  add   add

test:  returns true if the last modification of the path .
truth: return the number of seconds since the epoch of the last access of a given file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  read in the lang-specific dictionary from lang-specific docstring dictionary .
truth: read in docstrings from lang-specific docstring dictionary . 
test:  read   in
truth:  read   in

test:  set a function for all threads started from the threading module .
truth: set a profile function for all threads started from the threading module . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  take an attribute name or a attribute value .
truth: allows dot member notation in attribute name when getting an items attribute . 
test:  check   null
truth:  allows   dot

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  create a new object .
truth: create the named vm cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  this returns a 404 from the vary mime type for a vary .
truth: this function will fix the bug reported at url by clearing the vary header whenever the mime-type is not safe enough for internet explorer to handle . 
test:  fixes   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get the fully qualified time .
truth: return the current time in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  regression test for url .
truth: check that a data-less frame gives useful error messages about not having data when the attributes asked for are possible coordinate components . 
test:  test   check
truth:  check   check

test:  delete config .
truth: delete a config key . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the list of all nodes that are descendants to be used in the given node .
truth: returns the list of all nodes which are descended from the given tree node in some way . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return an iterator over the cumulative items in an iterable .
truth: return an iterator over consecutive pairs in iterable . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   return

test:  detach subnets from a cfn account .
truth: detach elb from subnets . 
test:  detach   elb
truth:  detach   elb

test:  returns the protocol for the given data .
truth: handles zlib compression . 
test:  is   data
truth:  handles   zlib

test:  return an instance of the fileinput class .
truth: return an instance of the fileinput class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts all keys in subject to strings with the value of the subject variables .
truth: return a dict with all keys lowercased . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a color to a hex color .
truth: convert matplotlib color code to hex color code . 
test:  takes   hex
truth:  convert   matplotlib

test:  marks the user as restricted .
truth: prevent access to a view function for accounts restricted from posting user-generated content . 
test:  help   null
truth:  access   access

test:  returns a list .
truth: returns the value turned into a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print a status message to stderr or the given file-like object .
truth: print an error message to stderr . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  calculates the md5 hash for a given file .
truth: compute original v1 md5 hash for message/service . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the silhouette of a matrix based on the input image .
truth: compute the mean silhouette coefficient of all samples . 
test:  shuffle   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert binary into binary repr .
truth: create binary repr from int from url . 
test:  convert   wrapper
truth:  create   binary

test:  run quiet with 2 args .
truth: run a command . 
test:  construct   run
truth:  run   a

test:  setup the binary sensor .
truth: setup the trend sensors . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  move global duration specified in specified specified duration to the vehicle specified in direction .
truth: move vehicle in direction based on specified velocity vectors . 
test:  move   vehicle
truth:  move   vehicle

test:  check if pip show show show show a short show version .
truth: test that pip show stays short . 
test:  make   check
truth:  test   test

test:  init weight .
truth: weight initialization . 
test:  null   init
truth:  null   initialization

test:  execute a shell command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  get the set of all available index for the given table .
truth: inputs a table and some subset of its columns . 
test:  extract   find
truth:  inputs   a

test:  asserts that the values of all values in *choices* are available .
truth: asserts that only the given choices are checked . 
test:  given   assert
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  create tps instances with identical parameters .
truth: create two instances of temporal poolers with identical parameter settings . 
test:  create   tp
truth:  create   create

test:  draw all symbols of a sequence of at least each conda .
truth: generate an infinite stream of symbols consisting of a prefix and increasing subscripts provided that they do not occur in exclude . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  subtract labeled polynomial its consecutive .
truth: compare two labeled polynomials . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the product of the given scalar v .
truth: returns true if two solutions and of x^2 - dy^2 = n belongs to the same equivalence class and false otherwise . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list availability zones for all vms on this system .
truth: list all availability zones in the current region . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read a cone file and return a list of tuples .
truth: usage: 1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of dns services for this subnet .
truth: get the dns servers for the subnet . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set default credentials of aws credentials to the aws load balancer .
truth: set default credentials . 
test:  set   set
truth:  default   default

test:  returns encodings from content head head .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  content   alignment
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  configures a new put put to the datastore .
truth: does necessary setup to intercept put . 
test:  exercise   a
truth:  does   null

test:  sign a username .
truth: set set session credentials and config . 
test:  update   a
truth:  set   set

test:  list all repos .
truth: lists all repos on /etc/opkg/* . 
test:  output   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  read a source spaces from a fif file .
truth: read the source spaces from a fif file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  strips leading and trailing empty lines from a header string .
truth: given text in "news" format . 
test:  whitespace   remove
truth:  text   text

test:  replace long name with their 4-char counterparts .
truth: replace long name keys by their 4-char counterparts . 
test:  replace   long
truth:  replace   long

test:  return the recent exercises that the user is currently most recently by the most recent user .
truth: return a list of the most recent exercises accessed by the user . 
test:  configured   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sends an email to the initiator of a failed bulk email .
truth: send an email to all moderators when an exploration is flagged . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  returns a list of methods of all methods of the given function .
truth: return a list of names of methods of obj . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a unicode object to utf-8 .
truth: return the string escaped for inclusion in an xml cdata section . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the application options for a given file .
truth: get the options passed as build_exe_options to cx_freeze . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a string to a valid remote words .
truth: replaces some commonly-used acronyms for an improved verbal weather report . 
test:  replace   text
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application .
truth: main control function this either launches the gui or runs the command line application . 
test:  control   control
truth:  control   control

test:  determine the parameters for an image .
truth: parse device(s) id(s) from the common params . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extracts the value of the ldd output from a blaze expression .
truth: parses the output from a run of ldd on a binary . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  create a serverdescription and return the managed server .
truth: define and attach server . 
test:  attach   returns
truth:  define   null

test:  given a path relative to the list of paths .
truth: given a list of paths . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   a

test:  commit sources: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  adds parameters to a url .
truth: adds parameters to url . 
test:  adds   parameters
truth:  adds   parameters

test:  varlist : varlist varlist | varlist .
truth: varlist : varlist comma variable | variable . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   varlist

test:  check if the action is access to the given user .
truth: calls the authorization function for the provided action this is the only function that should be called to determine whether a user is allowed to perform a particular action . 
test:  send   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  iterate object type info from keyword arguments .
truth: creates a method whos type is declared to be a tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  given the output of theano .
truth: given the output of a call to theano . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  renders a template based on the media_type of the template context .
truth: renders a template in the currently set locale . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  print a set of formats commands for the given formats .
truth: print list of available formats . 
test:  to   print
truth:  list   list

test:  retrieves the named function available on the system .
truth: return all of the minions grains cli example: . 
test:  given   string
truth:  return   return

test:  show the details from the provider concerning an instance .
truth: show the details from the provider concerning an instance . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  finds all items in an attribute that is a function returns a which is the items of which match the same name .
truth: returns the first element in sequence seq satisfying predicate or none if no such element exists . 
test:  finds   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available endpoints cli example: .
truth: return a list of available endpoints cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  discretize subpixel accuracy of the oversample with the full-text 2d model .
truth: test subpixel accuracy of the oversample mode with gaussian 1d model . 
test:  test   subpixel
truth:  test   subpixel

test:  removes entities from text .
truth: strips all html entities . 
test:  removes   returns
truth:  strips   strips

test:  get fixed ip for a host in a network .
truth: get fixed ip for a host in a network . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  fixed   get

test:  show a management command .
truth: execute django subcommands . 
test:  attributes   a
truth:  execute   django

test:  return the path to the heads file that contains the heads .
truth: return the path of the file that was once used to maintain the list of latest heads . 
test:  return   filesystem
truth:  return   return

test:  iterates over markdown .
truth: escapes text for use in markdown . 
test:  tag   a
truth:  text   text

test:  use this decorator to override views which receive the policies view for the method .
truth: this will unset a testcase level patch_policies to use the module level policies setup for the _test_servers instead . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the lxc image .
truth: setup the lxc container . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  given a file name and a text file .
truth: call this with a filename to make it the output file . 
test:  configures   call
truth:  call   call

test:  wraps class attribute of others with the new-style method .
truth: use this if you replace a function in a type with clrinterface or clrclass as the metaclass . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  define a new log table .
truth: step definition that creates one more log records by using a table . 
test:  create   start
truth:  step   definition

test:  returns a list of .
truth: find all paths including those referenced by egg-links . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  run the command line .
truth: start celery umbrella command . 
test:  point   attempt
truth:  start   celery

test:  check if a user exists .
truth: check if a conda environment exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  scan the import signatures for each port of the first list .
truth: scans for available ports on windows and returns a list of devices . 
test:  scan   implementation
truth:  scans   null

test:  check that the original pulls works properly .
truth: test initialization of the shell history . 
test:  samples   copy
truth:  test   initialization

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: return the simple python string conversion specifiers in the string s . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  run a python script in a subprocess .
truth: run python script in a separate process package=none -> module is in sys . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   python

test:  converts all add versions in constant to subs .
truth: uncouple a coupled spin state gives the uncoupled representation of a coupled spin state . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a formatted string meant to be used in the given time .
truth: convert date and time strings to float time . 
test:  is   convert
truth:  convert   date

test:  return the default extension .
truth: return the default view extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by derivation .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the cost cost of a flow .
truth: compute the cost of the flow given by flowdict on graph g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment .
truth: convert the string from rest to an xhtml fragment . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return iterator over all edges in g .
truth: returns all cliques in an undirected graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  uninstall an npm package .
truth: uninstall a cabal package . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  decorator to run a method on an executor .
truth: a decorator to run the given method in the threadpoolexecutor . 
test:  function   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get a list of datapath datapath .
truth: get datapath object by dpid . 
test:  format   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the access path for the given dataverse path .
truth: given a list of format specifiers . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   a

test:  filters items in a list by a given iterator .
truth: group iter into tuples of length n . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  iter   group

test:  handler to handler .
truth: handler for qute:plainlog . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  this function computes the distances along the given curve .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a qualified name for a package .
truth: return the enclosing package name where qualified_name is located . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  formats text to make it usable in the heading .
truth: create a heading of <level> [1 . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file .
truth: display a gcode file in a skeinlayer window . 
test:  write   null
truth:  display   a

test:  change the system brightness of multiply images .
truth: change the brightness of a single image . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the graph that results from contracting the specified shorthand .
truth: returns false if there arent any alternating 4 cycles . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime object to a timestamp object .
truth: convert a datetime object to a timestamp protobuf . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check if its string turn turn a valid string .
truth: get lowercase string representation of enum . 
test:  check   check
truth:  lowercase   lowercase

test:  redirects to the specified location using http 304 status code .
truth: redirects to the specified location using http 301 status code . 
test:  to   socket
truth:  to   redirects

test:  registers a new class with the given name .
truth: register all bundled mimetype handlers . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   register

test:  generates a random aes key with the given key and iv .
truth: generates a random des key and iv . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  compute the median absolute error between predicted and y read more in the :ref:user guide <mean_absolute_error> .
truth: median absolute error regression loss read more in the :ref:user guide <median_absolute_error> . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   median

test:  return the sparse matrix of x .
truth: computes np . 
test:  return   up
truth:  computes   np

test:  test if the socket handler is included in the http request .
truth: test the http request handler class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of ports ports that will split the given port into a .
truth: return count of host free ports in the range [start_port . 
test:  find   a
truth:  count   count

test:  returns the list of purchase that is currently logged in the purchase .
truth: return the url of the current payment processors endpoint . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that value is a valid category .
truth: validator for node#category . 
test:  validate   boolean
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns string that has a simple net in the /proc/net/* xml character .
truth: randomize a parameter value based on occurances of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  replaces   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  package purges are not supported .
truth: package purges are not supported by opkg . 
test:  purges   remove
truth:  purges   purges

test:  registers a previously obtained by me a class .
truth: register the python com server component category . 
test:  register   replace
truth:  register   register

test:  get the attribute statistics for this layer .
truth: generate statistics for layer attribute . 
test:  get   layer
truth:  generate   statistics

test:  return the current text data which is the last data levels .
truth: returns the data sent with the request . 
test:  prompt   log
truth:  returns   returns

test:  url only a sanity check here .
truth: this function is meant to run builtin unittests . 
test:  existing   -
truth:  function   function

test:  writes a file to disk .
truth: return a path to a blocklist file . 
test:  get   create
truth:  return   a

test:  compute spherical bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: compute spherical bessel function in(z) and derivative . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot name service name config : /etc/rc . 
test:  enable   alias
truth:  enable   enable

test:  ensure a value is set in a given prop on a node in the cluster .
truth: ensure that a property in the cluster is set to a given value should be run on one cluster node only name irrelevant . 
test:  ignores   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test custom context for custom context .
truth: test ask with custom assumptions context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  ask   test

test:  init init .
truth: random weights drawn from a gaussian . 
test:  null   init
truth:  null   weights

test:  delete an tag .
truth: delete specified tag from the instance . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  specified   delete

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  load   null
truth:  work   work

test:  register a new account hooks for repository hooks .
truth: register all known non-plugin hooks . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  register   register

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to names and values for the given callback .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a file with a filename and encoding .
truth: write file with given filename and encoding . 
test:  file   file
truth:  file   file

test:  performs a template tag with the given node .
truth: resets a cycle tag . 
test:  render   tag
truth:  resets   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google .
truth: this view generates a sitemap with additional geographic elements defined by google . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  extract timeseries data from a file .
truth: extract voxel time courses for each subcortical roi index parameters timeseries_file: a 4d nifti file label_file: a 3d file containing rois in the same space/size of the 4d file indices: a list of indices for rois to extract . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  get permissions for a user or share it on given doc .
truth: returns a dict of evaluated permissions for given doc like {"read":1 . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list the modules that were running in the test .
truth: function to set the vmx_path global variable to null . 
test:  set   access
truth:  to   function

test:  returns true/false if this system has installed .
truth: check if git is installed . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  verify a password against a password against a given password code and hashed hashed .
truth: checks a password against a given salted and hashed password value . 
test:  check   a
truth:  checks   a

test:  check parallel predict when parallel is predict .
truth: check parallel backend of votingclassifier on toy dataset . 
test:  check   tests
truth:  check   parallel

test:  mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings .
truth: mark a test as immune from fatal deprecation warnings . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  return a dictionary of tasks for a task .
truth: returns task status and result in json format . 
test:  return   processing
truth:  returns   task

test:  add a rule to the queue .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  host   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  decorate a function to be run in a transaction .
truth: function decorator that will run the function in a new thread . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  set up common test test test test cases .
truth: set up common test fixtures for daemoncontext test case . 
test:  to   up
truth:  set   up

test:  return true if the variable is uppercased .
truth: raise the priority of the current thread/process . 
test:  return   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns the physicists for the first kind of a complex scalar .
truth: returns the wavefunction psi_{n} for the one-dimensional harmonic oscillator . 
test:  null   commands
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test functionality for the functionality to the gl *dest* .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   test
truth:  create   app

test:  resets the prefixer for the current thread .
truth: set the prefixer for the current thread . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  set   set

test:  connect to a queue with a new email address .
truth: queue an email to be sent using send_mail after a specified amount of time and if the presend returns true . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  null   queue

test:  get all user subscriptions for this user .
truth: get all subscription objects that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  given a json snippet list .
truth: process json playlist data . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  process   json

test:  unittest runner .
truth: run the test suite . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  install a file in a directory .
truth: set the custom icon for the specified file or directory . 
test:  sets   override
truth:  set   set

test:  tries to determine which step to use for a given image .
truth: return the requested memory page size . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  return   return

test:  a simple predict for a synchronous method .
truth: decorate a function so that its return value is automatically json encoded into a structure indicating a successful result . 
test:  null   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return the cgi .
truth: print keys of a dictionary with children indented underneath . 
test:  return   a
truth:  print   keys

test:  remove all login login cli example: .
truth: delete user account login : string login name cli example: . 
test:  function   function
truth:  delete   user

test:  iterates over the given files .
truth: takes an iterable of sources . 
test:  get   use
truth:  takes   null

test:  takes a treewalker tree like equal_weight and converts it to a treewalker specification .
truth: group a chunk structure into a list of semi-relations of the form (list . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return the permutation of the first kind .
truth: get legendre polynomials expanded about x . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   legendre

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance .
truth: try to start a user interface for the libvlc instance . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  test vi control-v style cli .
truth: test cursor movements with vi key bindings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   cursor

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test stratifieddatasetvalidkfold . 
test:  test   stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit
truth:  test   test

test:  the natural logarithm of pixels with the minibatch of the logistic distribution parameters x : array_like input array of observations on this is the number of parameters x : float
truth: scotts rule of thumb parameters x : array-like array for which to get the bandwidth kernel : customkernel object unused returns bw : float the estimate of the bandwidth notes returns 1 . 
test:  edge   bandwidth
truth:  null   rule

test:  generates and returns a random instance .
truth: creates an elementwise kernel function . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  computes the average precision at the bottom of the root image .
truth: computes the classification error . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  remove flavor access for flavor .
truth: remove given tenant from the flavor access list . 
test:  given   flavor
truth:  given   remove

test:  saves response to a specified stream .
truth: save any changed session data . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  remove all figure in the make .
truth: remove lines from evoked plot as topomap is closed . 
test:  toggle   remove
truth:  remove   lines

test:  replace the standard configuration .
truth: patch the config file to wrap arithmatex with a tag aspell can ignore . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  resize a directory using python source file .
truth: resize using imagemagicks convert tool . 
test:  extract   run
truth:  using   resize

test:  delete the files to the logger .
truth: log errors by appending to a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns a list of mpkg ids that contain a given package .
truth: attempt to get the package ids from a mounted . 
test:  convert   import
truth:  to   attempt

test:  get file data and write fmt to that file .
truth: convert file and data formats to int codes . 
test:  returns   server
truth:  file   file

test:  accumulate the values of the accounts based on the given expresions .
truth: accumulate childrens values in parent accounts . 
test:  stack   null
truth:  accumulate   null

test:  list all user activity products .
truth: shows the user activity page for another user . 
test:  shows   shows
truth:  shows   shows

test:  convert iso8601 format to native :py:class:datetime .
truth: converts an iso time string to a datetime tuple . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a mock for the given name .
truth: returns lazy logger . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are continuous type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a set-like header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parses a range header . 
test:  parses   attempt
truth:  parses   a

test:  prints the metric value for the current thin script .
truth: print metric to stdout in tcollector format . 
test:  default   a
truth:  print   metric

test:  same as a & b .
truth: same as a & b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sort a list of header strings .
truth: return the given string of header names sorted . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for a method to make sure that a table isnt u'raw' .
truth: decorator for dispatch by opcode . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  search for all of the event on the specified location .
truth: return all queries which contain either a or b or c when location is a . 
test:  search   parses
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime .
truth: format utc timestamp in iso 8601 format . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  utc   utc

test:  compute the generalized element(s) of a hermitian or a symmetric matrix .
truth: compute eigenvalues from an ordinary or generalized eigenvalue problem . 
test:  check   hook
truth:  compute   eigenvalues

test:  rgb to hex color space conversion .
truth: given an rgb or rgba sequence of 0-1 floats . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a synchronized variable with the same name and shape .
truth: creates a shared variable array filled with zeros . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  fit a new theano type .
truth: learn a k-nn model . 
test:  compute   helper
truth:  learn   a

test:  set the hwclock clock .
truth: sets the hardware clock to be either utc or localtime cli example: . 
test:  get   doc
truth:  sets   sets

test:  return local autolevel of an image .
truth: auto-level image using local histogram . 
test:  return   greyscale
truth:  null   image

test:  sends an apns notification to one or more registration_ids .
truth: sends an apns notification to a single registration_id . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sends   null

test:  creates a new test .
truth: runner to use for the test_suite entry of your setup . 
test:  create   setup
truth:  to   runner

test:  generator for yielding nodes of an iterator of strings .
truth: yield all direct child nodes of *node* . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  called by a key .
truth: given a key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the evaluated int by keys .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int by keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the given object is a older before the second .
truth: return true if before is older than seconds . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check that all dependencies of the model is present in the model .
truth: check that all the depenedencies for this model are already in the queue . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  attach a json severities as json representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json severities representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  get events .
truth: get events . 
test:  get   events
truth:  get   events

test:  return file name .
truth: return the protocol part of the file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to check that the value is a description of a type .
truth: checks value has type in types . 
test:  check   null
truth:  value   value

test:  returns a list of fields from the given function .
truth: extract field values from a full tweet and return them as a list . 
test:  imdb   a
truth:  extract   field

test:  generates a list of image crop for a given image .
truth: performs central crops of the given image list . 
test:  extract   list
truth:  performs   null

test:  return the contents of *filename* .
truth: return the contents of *filename* . 
test:  read   return
truth:  return   return

test:  split nodes using ordering zone .
truth: returns a topological ordering for a acyclic directed graph . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check we dont crash when the qdatastream status code is not a qdatastream .
truth: make sure no new members are added to qdatastream . 
test:  test   check
truth:  make   null

test:  helper function to check if the log is available .
truth: if the callback is none or is not callable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  turn the requested id into a json token .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  returns a new collection id .
truth: returns a new collection id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns precision .
truth: get precision by currency code . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   precision

test:  returns the cost product of the cost for each row .
truth: return the cost when the neural network has weights w . 
test:  null   bins
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the matrix multiplication .
truth: compute camera matrix from pairs of 2d-3d correspondences . 
test:  compute   vector
truth:  compute   camera

test:  only load all root state of the syslog .
truth: run all required startup routines and initialization hooks . 
test:  init   null
truth:  run   run

test:  return a dict .
truth: configure logging using a dictionary . 
test:  configured   a
truth:  logging   logging

test:  checks if a given locale is a valid terms of c{parent} .
truth: return true if a binary term is satisfied by the given term . 
test:  is   check
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the quadratic for a signal from a signal .
truth: compute quadratic spline coefficients for rank-1 array . 
test:  retrieves   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  generates a dict of the ordered keys of nbits bits .
truth: generate rsa keys of nbits bits . 
test:  generate   rsa
truth:  generate   rsa

test:  a simple view that takes configuration matches the configuration object matches configuration :type color: configuration name .
truth: decorator that compares x-if-configuration-matches header to result of get_configuration_tag . 
test:  displays   translate
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add documentation to :class:version when using orm .
truth: contextmanager to disable documentation updates when registering reader and writer . 
test:  generates   decorator
truth:  to   contextmanager

test:  slugify a dotted path .
truth: loads the callable defined by the slugify setting . 
test:  return   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  listen for http type to contain the http database .
truth: set http timeout . 
test:  shows   attempts
truth:  set   http

test:  remove a lock from a document .
truth: lock a document for a user . 
test:  put   a
truth:  lock   a

test:  helper to split the netmask and return ipv4 address .
truth: helper to split the netmask and raise addressvalueerror if needed . 
test:  s   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  only work on gentoo systems .
truth: only run on darwin systems . 
test:  load   null
truth:  run   run

test:  find the url from the last committed file .
truth: expands pathspec to return an expanded path . 
test:  create   download
truth:  expands   null

test:  create the environment items which will be passed as a function which will also work in the internal interface .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  import a repo if its already present in the repository directory .
truth: import a repo from a fast-export file in a temporary directory . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: see :meth:i18n . 
test:  see   a
truth:  see   null

test:  checks for empty fields for empty values or generic components .
truth: checks for empty fields before description header . 
test:  used   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a youtube youtube range to return the list where to insert is the first differing .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  apply   argument
truth:  insert   item

test:  train the solver .
truth: train a fast r-cnn network . 
test:  processes   null
truth:  train   a

test:  return union of items .
truth: combine two lists . 
test:  return   items
truth:  combine   null

test:  creates a python app with the given ip .
truth: returns the environment variables the python application server uses . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update the package with a url .
truth: updates remote package repo url . 
test:  update   a
truth:  remote   remote

test:  load a schema value or a string .
truth: convert value to a string based on json schema type . 
test:  convert   value
truth:  value   value

test:  remove mako character and slashes in a url .
truth: unquote slashes quoted by quote_slashes . 
test:  text   encodes
truth:  unquote   slashes

test:  truncate a file .
truth: truncate a file . 
test:  cast   lines
truth:  truncate   a

test:  recomputes internal hash table for the path variable .
truth: recomputes internal hash table for the path variable . 
test:  recomputes   null
truth:  recomputes   null

test:  check if a variable in a sequence are in any of the same .
truth: check if value is in seq . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  list available memory files .
truth: get swapcache used . 
test:  get   information
truth:  get   get

test:  find the closest ansi json from a short approximation to the closest filenames .
truth: find the closest xterm-256 approximation to the given rgb value . 
test:  convert   check
truth:  find   find

test:  converts any hex characters in hex to rgb .
truth: hex to rgb . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  to   hex

test:  get a namespace or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a namespace object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  create a png box for the given matplotlib .
truth: given the matplotlib figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  read all mime requests .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  list   view
truth:  view   view

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  is   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return osquery_extensions information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   s3
truth:  return   return

test:  execute a command .
truth: runs a manage . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  runs   a

test:  returns an array of ones drawn from a given 1-d array .
truth: returns a new array of given shape and dtype . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  construct a list from the tuple from a list .
truth: construct a list from the tuple returned by ttk::layout . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator to update the counter to the given node .
truth: create a decorator that updates analytics in pagecounters when the decorated function is called . 
test:  to   update
truth:  create   a

test:  description of a model which is used by x_0 .
truth: and objectives should be present in the database: | description | | make a mess | . 
test:  null   tag
truth:  null   null

test:  make migrations for the application .
truth: create database migrations . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   database

test:  return the nth labeller labeller .
truth: autogenerate labels for wires of quantum circuits . 
test:  see   a
truth:  labels   labels

test:  update this repository .
truth: run update routine . 
test:  update   string
truth:  update   update

test:  generates searching paths for searching for testfiles searching .
truth: generates a set of paths for modules searching . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send a message on a topic .
truth: wraps the sending of messages . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  wraps   null

test:  run the main application .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  run   run

test:  check for assertraises(exception .
truth: check for assertraises(exception . 
test:  assert   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a dict of names names from a list of tag names .
truth: format bups version tag . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a tuple with the content of the job .
truth: function deprecated . 
test:  return   one
truth:  deprecated   function

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of an imageclassificationdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  construct new rational function returning a rational returning a rational returning a rational rational function and returns the new rational .
truth: construct new rational function field returning (field . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   new

test:  function to format an account according to the type standard by the received view .
truth: helper to send an ec2_compatible error . 
test:  gets   messages
truth:  to   helper

test:  a helper for defining integer options .
truth: a helper for defining lists of integer options . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   helper

test:  get and add indexed loops from the grid of an indexed grid .
truth: get indexed cell loops from an indexed grid . 
test:  get   get
truth:  indexed   get

test:  creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment .
truth: creates the virtual environment and installs pip only into the virtual environment . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  landing page .
truth: render an opensearch plugin . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  render   render

test:  retrieves all alert addresses for a given pr .
truth: get the pr_group . 
test:  find   null
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a new tdes cipher object .
truth: create a new hashing object and return it . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a list of conf .
truth: provide a legend for line charts by attaching labels to the right end of each line . 
test:  url   string
truth:  provide   a

test:  clean up the stubs in the background .
truth: do any necessary stub cleanup e . 
test:  clean   up
truth:  do   null

test:  returns a soundcloud class from the given string including the given name and returns a class .
truth: tries to import object from default namespace . 
test:  import   validate
truth:  to   null

test:  proportions for proportions of pairs .
truth: chisquare test of proportions for all pairs of k samples performs a chisquare test for proportions for all pairwise comparisons . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  unicode pretty-printing .
truth: ascii pretty-printing . 
test:  text   unicode
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  pull out the location in the git record .
truth: read the path from a . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve field list for a given table .
truth: retrieve field list for a given table . 
test:  retrieve   field
truth:  retrieve   field

test:  solves a differential equation with coefficients coefficients using the method of the given iterator of .
truth: solves a differential equation with linear coefficients . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   a

test:  class decorator to create a class that should be called with no arguments .
truth: function to decorate tests that should not be called unless they are a subclass of . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  to   function

test:  generate an exponential of a scalar polynomials .
truth: return *n* random gaussian mixtures . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a base 36 string to an int .
truth: converts a base 36 string to an int . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  raise an error if the tp instances of the passed in the tp dict and tps is detected .
truth: check for diffs among the tp instances in the passed in tps dict and raise an assert if any are detected parameters: tps: dict of tp instances . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  http letter code .
truth: break_after is used to define how often a <span> is inserted . 
test:  provides   timestamp
truth:  is   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  renders a message to the given id .
truth: click an element and then wait for another element to appear . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  click   click

test:  form a mime code that can be careful .
truth: transforms this ?: crap into if else python syntax . 
test:  replaces   transform
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  set up parameters: light .
truth: this function can be used to selectively filter out specific permutation combinations . 
test:  if   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the inverse of the maximum value .
truth: a: a 4d theano tensor returns b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  reject the formats for a experiment experiment .
truth: using the 5% significance levels . 
test:  perform   calls
truth:  using   null

test:  removes a nexusport binding .
truth: removes a nexusport binding . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   a

test:  read comments for all comments .
truth: given a worksheet and the xml of its comments file . 
test:  read   intersection
truth:  given   a

test:  read more file more than more document again .
truth: insert an inline "read more" link into the last element of the summary . 
test:  specifying   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  convert a list of option to a single dictionary .
truth: this converts a pickled datastore to a register dump list . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  description is a database string .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get points from the horizontalxintersectionsdictionary .
truth: get points from the verticalxintersectionsdictionary . 
test:  points   points
truth:  points   points

test:  return true if n is prime .
truth: a integer is prime or not . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   integer

test:  returns the currently active script prefix .
truth: return the currently active script prefix . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert libcloud load-balancer load-balancer object into something more serializable .
truth: convert the libcloud load-balancer object into something more serializable . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get a histogram of rotation against theta .
truth: rotate an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  sum   image
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  creates a new segments with the specified numpy value .
truth: create list of line segments from x and y coordinates . 
test:  make   method
truth:  list   list

test:  helper function to retrieve a constant object .
truth: create a heterogenous tuple constant . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  disables a servers .
truth: declares that user is using an experimental feature . 
test:  shows   logs
truth:  declares   null

test:  depends on the contents of the counter file .
truth: clusters sequences based on their best distance to any of the centroids . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  clusters   sequences

test:  return the scheme .
truth: send glrecord . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  send   send

test:  return a tuple of the list attributes .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  indent text with a length of a text .
truth: indent a multiline string by some number of spaces parameters text: str the text to be indented amount: int the number of spaces to indent the text returns indented_text . 
test:  text   xml
truth:  indent   a

test:  usage: dbref this lock type checks if the dbref looks like it .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   workaround
truth:  to   alias

test:  return a list of all undeclared and their undeclared tree .
truth: check if the names passed are accessed undeclared . 
test:  find   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return the path to the users home directory .
truth: get the users home directory . 
test:  to   return
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the nibbles char .
truth: a helper function for the decoding functions :return: the first ans second nibble of the ascii value of the char . 
test:  encoding   data
truth:  null   helper

test:  return the random secret key .
truth: tries to get secred token from openshift environment . 
test:  find   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate data .
truth: this is algorithm implements the ask-tell model proposed in [colette2010]_ . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  is   null

test:  set the username for the current thread .
truth: change the parameter matcher used in parsing step text . 
test:  ensure   current
truth:  change   change

test:  given a dict where each item is a dict of determine determine the output of the category and the console .
truth: takes the results produced by each bear and gives them to the print_results method to present to the user . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  checks if a character is in the next time .
truth: determines if expiration is about to occur . 
test:  forces   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test that passing a value with a time attribute from a time .
truth: make sure that astropy_time format is really gone after #3857 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  make   null

test:  a decorator that allows an integrand to call stack .
truth: strategy that rewrites an integrand based on some other criteria . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  null   strategy

test:  builds the virtual disk property spec .
truth: builds the property spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  test we can db[' runs without the db .
truth: test the internal database used for variable persistence . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a file: path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to a file: url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a filter that matches a given source .
truth: extracts and decode payload from source . 
test:  filters   filter
truth:  extracts   null

test:  compatibility wrapper for memoized substitution by twos arguments to create a default string .
truth: format function call arguments in a human-readable way for logging . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available colours .
truth: list the colours you can use in self . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  list   list

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  waits for the specified service to return the specified service .
truth: stop the service . 
test:  to   waits
truth:  stop   stop

test:  create a hamiltonian in a vm .
truth: unpublish a service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current axes:: ymin .
truth: get or set the *y*-limits of the current axes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a palette that blends from gray to a color .
truth: set the matplotlib color cycle using a seaborn palette . 
test:  get   document
truth:  set   set

test:  return true if the object has parent basepath .
truth: checks if basepath is somewhere in objs parent tree . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  list available frames for a file .
truth: declare interfaces provided by a module this function is used in a module definition . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  true if point after point after point after point after the point after the point is still before the point .
truth: true if point datetime specification is equal or after now . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  get all duplicates .
truth: returns a list copy in which each item occurs only once . 
test:  duplicates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  compare the table of groups of information for all tests which are marked as *nbits* *nbits* and also allow for each table of the tests for the tests .
truth: test if the given groups are different from the total partition . 
test:  run   a
truth:  if   test

test:  returns true if the given ms has a trie in its trie .
truth: check if trie contain the key word . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  if   check

test:  collect all ports created by quantum .
truth: collect ports created by quantum from ovs . 
test:  collect   method
truth:  collect   ports

test:  hour columns of zeros: .
truth: compute yule-walker . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  retrieve gecos user info and return it in dictionary form .
truth: return user information cli example: . 
test:  return   process
truth:  return   user

test:  accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list .
truth: accepts a list of fixers and returns a dictionary of head node type --> fixer list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  nest context managers .
truth: implement contextlib . 
test:  provides   context
truth:  implement   null

test:  this creates an keyboard role .
truth: this function creates an inline console input block as defined in the twitter bootstrap documentation overrides the default behaviour of the kbd role *usage:* :kbd:<your code> *example:* :kbd:<section> this code is not highlighted . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller - needed when skill add form embedded in default/person - only create method is allowed . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  attempt to commit the hash for a given message .
truth: get short form of commit hash given directory pkg_path there should be a file called commit_info . 
test:  input   null
truth:  short   get

test:  a generator that generates all supported summary of a sequence of supported summary .
truth: yield pep8 error codes that autopep8 fixes . 
test:  uses   generator
truth:  yield   pep8

test:  calculate the memory index for each row in the memory .
truth: location of an item in the underlying memory . 
test:  return   in
truth:  null   location

test:  generates a prototype for the routines that return a coordinate value .
truth: for coordinate sequence routines that return an integer . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  test running this process .
truth: run the varnish test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  creates an unambiguous dict for the given instance and ordered dict .
truth: generates an unambiguous representation for instance and ordered dict . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a python type for the given type .
truth: look at the type of all args and divine their implied return type . 
test:  infer   a
truth:  look   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-chebyshev quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a switchport object for trunk .
truth: create a switchport object - trunk port . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  validate and parse an ascii string .
truth: converts a string to a clickable link . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns true if any of the child is within a child .
truth: detect if the element is trapped inside a nested bind: tag relative to e :type root: uielement :type e: uielement :rtype: bool . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  if   null

test:  generate gexf for a directed graph g .
truth: generate lines of gexf format representation of g . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   lines

test:  :func:_parse_kern_pairs :func:_parse_kern_pairs .
truth: copy lines from input stream to output stream in reverse order . 
test:  read   a
truth:  copy   lines

test:  create a new user for a random confirmation confirmation .
truth: create a new user confirmation . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a entropy mask given the see: names .
truth: generates lane mask dynamically by calculating base frequencies aln: skbio . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a service with the data from this pop .
truth: process an api error . 
test:  error   errback
truth:  process   process

test:  create a loop until a predicate is successfully .
truth: repeatedly call predicate . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   call

test:  helper to run tests with a report report .
truth: runs safe-commit-linter . 
test:  function   tests
truth:  runs   runs

test:  deletes a thread .
truth: delete a post . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  replace the global cryptobackendxmlsec1 directory .
truth: migrate database . 
test:  migrate   a
truth:  migrate   database

test:  return a list project names for all users in the given source .
truth: return a list of the users for which the source is reporting data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  parse and normalize request header .
truth: parse a content-type header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a boolean return whether or not a base python bsgs is base .
truth: check if the bsgs has minimal base under lexigographic order . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   check

test:  show details about the given 'wrap' .
truth: display the details of the specified hypervisor . 
test:  function   details
truth:  display   display

test:  decorator to use the specified object to skips this is not a decorator to be associated with the wrapped policy .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  check that explicit explicit segments nice nice nice .
truth: check that mark_done fails loudly if status file is missing . 
test:  make   test
truth:  check   check

test:  extracts a string containing sentences sentences from the given string .
truth: parses a string with one test sentence per line . 
test:  string   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  ensure that the provided objects are safe for calling a list of installed between chocolatey and deleted .
truth: the idea is that i am going to invoke f() . 
test:  apply   version
truth:  null   idea

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a gcs uri into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a new array that can be used to generate the whitelisting in the case where both p and irreversibly .
truth: encrypt message with public key i is a plaintext message expressed as an integer . 
test:  returns   wrapper
truth:  encrypt   message

test:  a decorator that allows a function to be called with an accessor class to make sure the result of a specific class that is raised if the child usage is
truth: a decorator for management command handle defs that sends out a pre/post signal . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse stack .
truth: a unicode-safe version of urllib2 . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a message from fulltext .
truth: helper function for pretty-printing a list of annotated sentences for a full-text document . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  determine if shuffler service is available .
truth: return the list of functools-wrappable attributes on a callable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of non-zero items of the beta function .
truth: sample from the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  test   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  return an arbitrary free address for the given family .
truth: return an arbitrary free address for the given family . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  encode a short string to a short string .
truth: encode a string value as short string and append it to pieces list returning the size of the encoded value . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  like json .
truth: this is a wrapper around loads that returns the parsed value instead of raising a value error . 
test:  expr   null
truth:  is   null

test:  local widget .
truth: run web browser . 
test:  run   path
truth:  run   web

test:  find a module in a set of possible folders .
truth: find a module in a set of possible folders . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  adds media-related context variables to the context .
truth: adds media-related context variables to the context . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  a version of pythons urllib .
truth: as per section 3 . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   null

test:  combine two sequences: classes together in a single order .
truth: perform a union of two types . 
test:  given   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  return a hex string based on the hex hex hex of hex encoding .
truth: convert a hex color string into an rgb triplet ranging from 0:255 . 
test:  takes   rgb
truth:  convert   a

test:  set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to gray and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  apply a facilitys initialization to the hashed schema .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  test   arrays
truth:  breaks   up

test:  returns a country level zones for a number .
truth: returns the list of time zones corresponding to the country calling code of a number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   builder

test:  check roundtrip for fif .
truth: check roundtrip writing . 
test:  test   reader
truth:  check   roundtrip

test:  recursively find all of the root packages .
truth: helper for build_index(): yield a list of elementtree . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  decorator to set mocks common to all tests .
truth: decorator to set mocks common to all tests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get movie chapter count .
truth: get title chapter count . 
test:  get   movie
truth:  get   title

test:  a decorator that skips a function to be run with a given function .
truth: calls a test function and translates exceptions so that errors inside test code are considered test failures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  return the adapter name for the network address .
truth: get windows network adapter name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   windows

test:  return the vms displayname .
truth: return display name of vm: "minion1" . 
test:  return   null
truth:  display   display

test:  returns true if x is a hexidecimal index .
truth: test if p is puiseux series in x . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a class decorator used by a new-style cached query attached to a new-style cached query .
truth: decorate a function describing a cached query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  arguments: properties for the eggs eggs that are set or entities .
truth: computes special properties for loading or storing . 
test:  score   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  separate the content of a tuple into a dictionary .
truth: parses the content type . 
test:  split   null
truth:  parses   parses

test:  features should tags with tags .
truth: having a scenario which the body has an email address; then the following scenario should have no tags related to the email . 
test:  null   test
truth:  having   a

test:  confirm that the email token should be included with the correct name .
truth: returns the expired status . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  removes trailing represented by a page .
truth: removing dynamic content from supplied page basing removal on precalculated dynamic markings . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  removing   dynamic

test:  return true if the type is a user-defined new-style field .
truth: prediction function for determining whether a function is a categorical variable or a scalar variable . 
test:  return   check
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a recipe .
truth: builds a dictionary from a given list of raw strings passed in by the user . 
test:  compose   a
truth:  builds   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: create command line parser for ovirt dynamic inventory script . 
test:  behave   imports
truth:  command   command

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: parses a single kegg pathway from given file handle . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  return common processing for a python data type .
truth: helper function used for ensuring and comparing indexes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  test that a record can be sent to a bad file .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   display
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get vector3 by a matrix .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   statement
truth:  get   equation

test:  apply migrations to facts if master facts does not already been written .
truth: migrate facts from various roles into node . 
test:  is   migrate
truth:  migrate   facts

test:  encodes a string to bytes .
truth: encode returns a string encoded in utf-8 . 
test:  encode   converts
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file .
truth: get a python module for a type library id given the clsid of a typelibrary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  shows a command .
truth: return string with fully composed psql command . 
test:  runs   args
truth:  string   string

test:  decodes an value from the fvwi byte order .
truth: decode encoded fvwi . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  encoded   decode

test:  function to make sure that read_user_dict works with wrong parameters are raised if the order of max is invalid .
truth: fuzzy result rank should use lexical order to break ties . 
test:  test   test
truth:  result   result

test:  return the list of exploration ids that is used as a single exploration .
truth: gets a list of ids of at most 10 recommended explorations to play after completing the exploration keyed by exp_id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  test yule-walker import of highpass .
truth: test input checker for stockwell . 
test:  test   tfr
truth:  input   input

test:  parse the logging line .
truth: parse the logging line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string .
truth: takes a certificate in binary der format and returns the pem version of it as a string . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  if you want to do this node of all of its dependencies .
truth: mark the stack complete if the update is complete . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  mark   mark

test:  ensures a function is not returned via the api .
truth: injects a client instance to the each function this decorator creates an instance of the registry client and passes it as an argument to each function in this api . 
test:  to   a
truth:  injects   a

test:  get complex from multiplier .
truth: get complex from multiplier . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  get a json object with the json view for the request .
truth: for ajax . 
test:  gets   apply
truth:  null   null

test:  get the filesystem name from the local or name .
truth: return the filesystem with the given name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  clones the height of performing a git repository .
truth: clones specified pull request from repo_url and optionally merges into master . 
test:  return   master
truth:  specified   clones

test:  handle metadata_version .
truth: get information about a frame or traceback object . 
test:  to   call
truth:  get   information

test:  return the k-shell of g .
truth: return the k-core of g . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  add a tag to the file_check instance .
truth: add tag . 
test:  add   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  test using "pip install --download" to download a * .
truth: test using "pip download" to download a * . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  returns an integer to make sure a string is an argument .
truth: encodes |argument| suitably for consumption by posix shells . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  common code to change gecos information .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  code   user
truth:  code   code

test:  read an unsigned 32-bit integer .
truth: read an unsigned 16-bit integer . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  generate a list of fields for a given specifications .
truth: extracts and returns a dictionary of form fields for a given db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  extracts   null

test:  cd -> reference object .
truth: create an empty vbd . 
test:  attach   reference
truth:  create   create

test:  error checking for routines that return a handle to make sure the error code is not installed .
truth: check the error code returned . 
test:  checking   return
truth:  check   check

test:  parses a description .
truth: this function is deprecated as of twisted 10 . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   function

test:  takes a dictionary and returns a dictionary of header tuples .
truth: convert a list of dictionaries to be compatible with create_csv_response dictlist is a list of dictionaries all dictionaries should have keys from features features is a list of features example code: dictlist = [ label1: value-1 . 
test:  takes   return
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the available lights .
truth: set up the zengge platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadata-schema tag or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  asserts the condition is present in the condition .
truth: assert that a condition eventually evaluates to true after at most max_tries number of attempts . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  wrapper around the old log file currently playing .
truth: fade out any currently playing music and start playing the given music file . 
test:  change   change
truth:  fade   null

test:  parses a string .
truth: parse stack . 
test:  text   bytes
truth:  stack   stack

test:  check that the user supplied directory should be displayed .
truth: return the application log directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a tuple .
truth: given the string representation of a tagged token . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  given   null

test:  if you are missing .
truth: test if pep8 is respected . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   test

test:  deletes a job .
truth: deletes a job . 
test:  show   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  create a slice that will take a slice within a step .
truth: create a random slice of len slicelen that fits into listlen . 
test:  find   a
truth:  create   a

test:  print the estate manor stats file .
truth: print the estate road stack stats estate : none the name of the target estate . 
test:  display   return
truth:  print   print

test:  test if number of missing items in the album .
truth: return number of missing items in album . 
test:  returns   number
truth:  return   number

test:  return the list of available data cli example: .
truth: return network buffer sizes as a dict cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop .
truth: checks if a value has changed from the last iteration of a loop . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns a string made up to a number .
truth: helper to return rounded int for a float or just the int it self . 
test:  null   method
truth:  to   helper

test:  creates a new keytab .
truth: create keytab cli example: . 
test:  create   attempt
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a list of symmetric for n .
truth: return base . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  base   base

test:  create a environment dictionary .
truth: build the environment dictionary into which web2py files are executed . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return the python buy data .
truth: custom view . 
test:  iterate   data
truth:  view   view

test:  interface to the systems uname command .
truth: interface to the systems uname command . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  helper function for creating a dictionary for use with a single mac character .
truth: escape cr and lf characters . 
test:  seconds   null
truth:  escape   cr

test:  stringify time in iso 8601 format .
truth: stringify time in iso 8601 format . 
test:  time   time
truth:  time   time

test:  splits a string into a list of words .
truth: very basic tokenizer: split the sentence into a list of tokens . 
test:  name   get_words
truth:  null   null

test:  evaluate numpy data object .
truth: attempt to evaluate promise . 
test:  evaluate   obj
truth:  to   attempt

test:  start an event on an instance action .
truth: start an event on an instance action . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  always return unicode path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach = multivariate multivariate multivariate multi-model -> l l = multivariate multivariate instance of the multivariate polynomial .
truth: binary deceptive function from : multivariate multi-model approach for globally multimodal problems by chung-yao chuang and wen-lian hsu . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  create api-version specific legacy dataframe with one based on columns .
truth: create api-version specific endpoint tables . 
test:  create   replace
truth:  create   create

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for poi types . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   crud

test:  wraps p and returns a prime number of different settings .
truth: returns a tuple of two different primes of nbits bits each . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove refct pairs from pairs .
truth: remove incref decref pairs on the same variable . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  get macos version information and return it as tuple with version information .
truth: get macos version information and return it as tuple with versioninfo being a tuple . 
test:  get   macos
truth:  get   macos

test:  return the base directory where the files refers to .
truth: get ipython directory from command line . 
test:  return   record
truth:  get   ipython

test:  return a list of all enabled filter filters .
truth: validates that the filter is configured in the default filters . 
test:  null   string
truth:  validates   validates

test:  adds a new user as a tenant on a tenant .
truth: adds a role for a user on a tenant . 
test:  adds   data
truth:  adds   a

test:  a context manager for locking a sequence of data .
truth: run a demo with defaults . 
test:  declare   attributes
truth:  run   a

test:  returns true if address belongs to prefix/plen .
truth: return the anycast address associated with all home agents on a given subnet . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if target is newer than sources .
truth: return true if target is out-of-date with respect to any file listed in sources . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  restores the cache object .
truth: send current messages in the log to all targets . 
test:  log   log
truth:  send   current

test:  stop a machine by name cli example: .
truth: stop a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  calculate all of distances in distances .
truth: chooses a random value from each dist and returns the sum . 
test:  return   null
truth:  chooses   a

test:  returns a new degree of a monomial .
truth: multiply tuple x representing a monomial of k[x] into the tuple m representing a monomial of f . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  show all timeseries .
truth: query the timeseries . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  query   query

test:  utility method to retrieve a list of availability availability zones .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of availability zones . 
test:  list   contacts
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database .
truth: returns a list of the sql statements used to flush the database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates that value is a mapping of mapping names to be a mapping of .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a document . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get the repository constructor .
truth: get_cwd os . 
test:  get   python
truth:  null   os

test:  p2g texts .
truth: change an instancemethod so that calls to it are echoed . 
test:  null   function
truth:  change   change

test:  create a new similarity function for each operation on the provided shape .
truth: unpack a sub-array from *data* using the specified offset . 
test:  ensures   test
truth:  unpack   a

test:  delete an imagemember object .
truth: delete an imagemember object . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  primitive content and a primitive form of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: compute content and the primitive form of f in k[x] . 
test:  extended   content
truth:  content   content

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move text . 
test:  unpause   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  do a url to the block for the given block .
truth: handler url function for studio . 
test:  null   null
truth:  url   url

test:  add the billed to the queue .
truth: adds a billed op to the given trace . 
test:  to   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  creates a mixedmodulestore acl list of tuples .
truth: returns a standard swift acl string for the given inputs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the message we can import .
truth: import exploit module . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  exploit   import

test:  return url for querying labels .
truth: returns github api url for querying labels . 
test:  github   function
truth:  github   github

test:  fix index of all checks if rss is database .
truth: create indexes for tabdefaultvalue on . 
test:  function   init
truth:  indexes   indexes

test:  decorator to require a test if a jinja test .
truth: decorator to enable a jinja2 template engine in addition to the regular django template engine for a test or skip it if jinja2 isnt available . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns list of otu ids sorted by mapping file .
truth: sort otu table based on the value of sort_field for each sample . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   otu

test:  returns the active configuration value for every config variable .
truth: returns true if any target contains the ios specific key iphoneos_deployment_target . 
test:  supplied   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermitian matrix .
truth: compute the pseudo-inverse of a hermetian matrix . 
test:  evaluate   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets metric by name from list .
truth: gets metric by name from list in this module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  gets   metric

test:  convert a time into a datetime .
truth: convert a time into a datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return a random string .
truth: lets be dynamic! . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  be   null

test:  return special similarity between -1 and norm .
truth: for a given x value returns the probability (y) of the subject responding yes . 
test:  calculate   generate
truth:  null   a

test:  register a paypal handler .
truth: store handler in the _readline_commands dictionary . 
test:  register   a
truth:  store   handler

test:  returns the given value using the jdepend dicts as a string .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  to   centers
truth:  converts   a

test:  clip a gcode linear move text .
truth: clip a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  cool   a
truth:  clip   a

test:  returns true if t is a string .
truth: checks whether t is valid js identifier name also returns false on internal . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a dictionary parsed from a cookie: header string .
truth: parse a cookie http header into a dict of name/value pairs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  ubuntu the module release .
truth: get the ami for ubuntu . 
test:  fetches   current
truth:  get   get

test:  raises a str if a binary string is decoded .
truth: if we have bytes . 
test:  null   bytes
truth:  if   null

test:  test extract_array test with a pair of strings .
truth: test add_array utility function . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  pull arguments from a remote branch .
truth: return arguments for git fetch/push/pull . 
test:  run   errors
truth:  return   arguments

test:  this returns the extension extension of the request .
truth: get the file extension in the path of the request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url that may or may not have a scheme that may not have a relative path .
truth: given a url that may or may not have a scheme . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  a decorator to check a view with a simple cors version of a way .
truth: a simple decorator to enable cors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a phonenumber significant number .
truth: gets the national significant number of a phone number . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  gets   null

test:  get a csr matches the details of a certificate request .
truth: does private key correspond to the subject public key in the csr? . 
test:  wraps   certificate
truth:  does   null

test:  return a list of commands for the specified format .
truth: print all found commands/tasks . 
test:  url   services
truth:  print   print

test:  helper to create a variable on cpu memory .
truth: helper to create a variable stored on cpu memory . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a list of all child nodes of the given node .
truth: like iter_child_nodes but returns a list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  like   like

test:  this is a helper function used to pad a dispatching or string representation .
truth: pad strings in the series/index with an additional character to specified side . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  pad   strings

test:  compute the probability probability density estimate along the earths axis .
truth: returns ~ pr[outcome != winner] . 
test:  to   scaling
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends the login to the apropriate request .
truth: construct the login url to start third party authentication . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  put image to servers .
truth: multi-dimensional slice assignment: llst and rlst are the operands . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  slice   slice

test:  this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified .
truth: this method gets appropriate command name for the state specified . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  return inverse of degree n .
truth: returns an array of n dac values spanning 0-255 . 
test:  null   format
truth:  returns   returns

test:  renders a blaze expression with the given values .
truth: show a diff dialog for diff expressions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  show   a

test:  validates whether parameters are present in a list of strings .
truth: validator that checks that the input value is one of the given possible values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   validator

test:  adds the specified path to the context for a resource .
truth: perform a single post call for an endpoint with a specified request body . 
test:  null   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  mimic zigbee probability density estimate of observations parameters lags : float estimate of the variance or determinant of observations for each covariance matrix .
truth: compute newey-west adjusted covariance matrix . 
test:  null   dataframe
truth:  compute   compute

test:  load otus files in the home directory .
truth: return default parameters read in from file . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  default   default

test:  read all multipart/form-data elements into entity .
truth: read all multipart/form-data parts into entity . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  return the string with all normalized characters replaced by the string .
truth: similar to str . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  to   null

test:  parse keyword arguments .
truth: abstraction over flask_restplus . 
test:  parse   args
truth:  null   abstraction

test:  re-quote the given uri .
truth: re-quote the given uri . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds headers to the response .
truth: alter cache headers . 
test:  adds   name
truth:  cache   cache

test:  shuffle a numpy array .
truth: deprecated: use numpy . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  returns a member of a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: enable a server:port member of a servicegroup cli example: . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  return the diagonal of diagonal and x as a matrix .
truth: get the version of eye and tensor_product for a given format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return a fake volume object .
truth: return a fake cinder volume that can be used as a parameter . 
test:  receives   data
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of all osquery that are available for the given osquery cli example: .
truth: return time information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  time   time

test:  given an http email .
truth: validate that a username is email like . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  iterate over a stop format .
truth: turns a search output file into a generator that yields queryresult objects . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  return the ip version of a network .
truth: returns the ip version of a network . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  only load if the all the modules is available .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return a progress progress representation of a progress function .
truth: generate generate an rsa key of length bits . 
test:  generate   run
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts a cubic to a cubic .
truth: this function has been moved to matplotlib . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return system cpu times as a namedtuple .
truth: return system cpu times as a named tuple . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  parse attribute: key string into #2255 .
truth: split the hive from the key . 
test:  format   a
truth:  split   split

test:  disconnect a service .
truth: function that disconnects from the vcenter server or esxi host service_instance the service instance from which to obtain managed object references . 
test:  disconnect   upload
truth:  function   function

test:  clones a vm returns a linode .
truth: clone a linode . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  helper function for setting a flash message on the next page .
truth: flash a message depending on if the flash_messages configuration value is set . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a single blast record .
truth: read a handle containing a single genbank entry as a record object . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this will build the original objects for any specified layout .
truth: things like layout . 
test:  patch   compile
truth:  like   like

test:  given an entity extract/create extract/create .
truth: transforms an html entity to a character . 
test:  find   a
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  returns the given string with ampersands .
truth: escape output of json dumps that is safe to be embedded in a <script> tag . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  output   output

test:  create an instances with the given name .
truth: creates mig . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test querying metadata from a deactivated cache .
truth: test querying meta data file when cache is deactivated . 
test:  querying   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  combine a component" based on the package .
truth: return pathglobs to match directories where the given jvmpackagename might exist . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  update the console setting .
truth: global_config section . 
test:  return   custom
truth:  null   section

test:  returns a dictionary of the indices that iterates for the current line .
truth: provides the indices of the next two quotes in the given content . 
test:  fetches   quote
truth:  provides   null

test:  prints an error message followed by func() .
truth: print flake output . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  return a dictionary of the possible tree classes .
truth: returns recursively the complete tree of a node cli example: . 
test:  find   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create and ovirt the closest features .
truth: cluster the rows of features using hierarchical clustering . 
test:  calculate   encode
truth:  null   cluster

test:  release the number of chapters .
truth: release a chapter description . 
test:  release   null
truth:  release   a

test:  move to the end of the current line .
truth: move to the end of the line . 
test:  output   callback
truth:  to   move

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  stops all process .
truth: stops cassandra . 
test:  stop   zookeeper
truth:  stops   cassandra

test:  return the cache most appropriate settings .
truth: returns the setting: cms_cache_durations or the defaults . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the bokeh plugin .
truth: before each scenario . 
test:  strip   input
truth:  null   null

test:  return a json representation of the supplied string .
truth: return quoted string even if it is unicode one . 
test:  null   bytes
truth:  quoted   return

test:  extract a version from an manifest file .
truth: extract pyzmq version from sugar/version . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   pyzmq

test:  delete an image by id or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete specified image(s) . 
test:  delete   up
truth:  specified   delete

test:  return true if idle is in sample_ids .
truth: return true if this function is run within idle . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  return   return

test:  runs one or more nagios plugins from the database .
truth: runs reporter . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   reporter

test:  parse http response and return a tuple of the body body .
truth: parse status header . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   status

test:  sends an api request .
truth: sends an api delete request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  instantiates an all-ones tensor variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it . 
test:  instantiates   null
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  filter items in dictionary by value .
truth: filter items in dictionary by key . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  filter   items

test:  retrieve a single check with the correct name .
truth: return the class object for a given check name . 
test:  instantiates   validate
truth:  return   return

test:  escape a value .
truth: marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  marks   null

test:  create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy .
truth: create a campaign with a shared bidding strategy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  watch the device if this script is debug .
truth: install and build static assets for admin . 
test:  null   build
truth:  install   install

test:  check that text is full search for all full text .
truth: test if full text search is not implemented and return false if it is and true otherwise . 
test:  search   message
truth:  if   test

test:  create a simple simplified expression for the column .
truth: create a tree view from a model and set the current index . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  verify that a mount root is a mount path .
truth: verify that the path to the device is a mount point and mounted . 
test:  check   directories
truth:  verify   null

test:  resnet-152 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-152 model of [1] . 
test:  form   model
truth:  model   model

test:  invalidate courseenrollment verification model and updates the cache object .
truth: invalidate the cache of skipped verification model . 
test:  invalidate   null
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  create a backup .
truth: create a backup of all previous inventory files as a tar archive . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a key for the user .
truth: generate salt minion keys and return them as pem file strings . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  generate   salt

test:  edit a new tag for a ecdsa group .
truth: simple graphviz parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   graphviz

test:  unblock a user .
truth: unblock a user . 
test:  email   a
truth:  unblock   a

test:  filters the contents of the block through variable filter .
truth: filter the contents of the blog through variable filters . 
test:  removes   filters
truth:  filter   filter

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: oozebane a gcode linear move file . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  oozebane   a

test:  remove the fake project .
truth: remove the fake project directory created during the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  handler for qute:pyeval .
truth: handler for qute:version . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  check that the value is a string .
truth: check that the supplied value is a string . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test that package children of order children is a package with no longer than and after the same overall .
truth: test ordercreator creates package parent links for child lines . 
test:  test   ordercreator
truth:  test   ordercreator

test:  helper function that tries to log the message and log it .
truth: helper function to update errors in the return structure . 
test:  display   logging
truth:  function   function

test:  return the correct type for a bokeh module .
truth: the directory containing the mrjob package that weve imported . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   directory

test:  convert size in cm for a given monitor object .
truth: convert size in degrees to size in pixels for a given monitor object . 
test:  convert   size
truth:  convert   size

test:  determine which segment does the current segment .
truth: get the distance squared from a point to the x & y components of a segment . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  saml_artifact a string that contains lines of a regular expression .
truth: replaces a string that matches the regex with the replacement . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  filter the given path to the container parent directory that will side is up to the correct executable .
truth: magicmock side_effect for os . 
test:  run   null
truth:  null   side_effect

test:  add an item to the output file .
truth: add the line and if the line does not end with a newline add a newline . 
test:  add   utility
truth:  add   add

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  main function for retrieving reverse fasta file containing fasta and log filepaths .
truth: main program function for finding . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   program

test:  creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter template .
truth: creates a new theme based on the cookiecutter theme template . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  list all genres .
truth: get a list of best genres to use with genre-radio playlisting args: example: . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  compose a permission map with the given mode .
truth: support multiple . 
test:  taken   utility
truth:  support   multiple

test:  do the deletion of the deletion .
truth: run and validate a text deletion method on the readline bridge . 
test:  ensure   validations
truth:  run   run

test:  writes a numpy array to a file .
truth: write a ~numpy . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  this should use a single m2 .
truth: tests retrieving a single object with an m2m field using the api . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  retrieving   tests

test:  this function makes a simple sampling version of the datastore .
truth: implements emsa-pkcs1-v1_5-encode() function described in sect . 
test:  encodes   build
truth:  implements   implements

test:  a wrapper around yaml to multi tag .
truth: callback used by pyyaml when a "!obj:" tag is encountered . 
test:  null   a
truth:  used   callback

test:  get harris points that are close to the chunk of chunk chunk of distances distances .
truth: return corners from a harris response image min_dist is the minimum number of pixels separating corners and image boundary . 
test:  return   feature
truth:  return   corners

test:  format a tuple as a cumulative vector .
truth: takes a size string from the config and turns it into int . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns true if the value is divisible by the argument .
truth: returns true if the value is devisible by the argument . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split a pathname specification and a pathname .
truth: returns the directory component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get number rounded to a number as decimal string .
truth: get number rounded to a number of decimal places as a string . 
test:  get   number
truth:  get   number

test:  returns the name of the process used for the project .
truth: get process name from pid . 
test:  source   get
truth:  process   process

test:  load the attribute attribute of the object: .
truth: get the string value of the passed attribute from the passed module if this attribute is defined by this module _or_ raise attributeerror otherwise . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a path relative to the current locale .
truth: returns the final component of a pathname . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get an instance of the serial class .
truth: get an instance of the serial class . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  code that handles arguments - the given stored in the given stored .
truth: utility function to validate and encode server keys and values . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a link to the nodes in the nodes list .
truth: make a rest link node . 
test:  create   a
truth:  make   a

test:  return the laplacian matrix of g .
truth: return the laplacian matrix of g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove a suffix from a suffix or a suffix .
truth: this function removes the given suffix from a string . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  function   function

test:  find the condition of a process in the given coordinates .
truth: return the indices where ravel is true . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a numeric traceback .
truth: format call-stack and display exception information . 
test:  to   a
truth:  format   format

test:  this function returns the current platform .
truth: return my customized platform string if no param . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the given vector whose matching the given aws type is the same as the elastic elastic elastic .
truth: returns a region class definition given a slug . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  returns   a

test:  attach all available lighting device if no device is given .
truth: attach a backing devices to a cache set if no dev is given . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  confirm this module is on a hybrid based system .
truth: load as pkg on freebsd versions less than 10 . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  load   load

test:  convert text into text .
truth: convert a space-separated list of flag text values into a flags value . 
test:  text   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  parse a fragment of a document .
truth: parse a fragment of a document . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it .
truth: compare-and-swap conditional update . 
test:  context   a
truth:  null   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   works
truth:  works   works

test:  runs a command .
truth: run a command . 
test:  command   cmd
truth:  run   a

test:  check whether there is a getobjdir object .
truth: for standard objects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   standard

test:  test that environment variables is shown .
truth: make sure requirementset accepts several excluding env markers . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a list of unique libraries with the given spec .
truth: returns the list of libraries for this configuration . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict of available images cli example: .
truth: return details about a specific image cli example: . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   details

test:  make a method that renders the api method as api .
truth: provides a single entry point for modifying all api methods . 
test:  function   a
truth:  provides   a

test:  convert a long integer into a string .
truth: given a one-byte long byte string . 
test:  null   button
truth:  given   a

test:  generates the provided files in the provided directory if the provided files contains .
truth: creates temporary copies of the provided files . 
test:  return   a
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  returns a pointer array that can be used for a pointer .
truth: string_at -> string return the string at addr . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return an absolute path .
truth: return an absolute path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the resource from a resource .
truth: tries to extract the module name and the resources relative path out of an absolute resource path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   null

test:  describe an user to the server .
truth: deletes a user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  parses a form like memory .
truth: parse the form data in the environ and return it as tuple in the form . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  redirect to the client specified by the client app app .
truth: redirect an old mindtouch file url to a new kuma file url . 
test:  redirect   build
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix .
truth: backwards-compatibility shim for #16288 fix . 
test:  null   shim
truth:  null   shim

test:  compute betweenness centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the shortest-path betweenness centrality for nodes . 
test:  returns   networkx
truth:  compute   compute

test:  open the help chapter for a given url .
truth: opens the help in users preferred browser . 
test:  open   generator
truth:  opens   null

test:  recursively converts newlines to a list of 2-element files .
truth: check for file objects in the dict of submitted answers . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  check   check

test:  intersection intersection of a matrix around tri parameters dist : array observations of observations around p .
truth: get the distance to a triangle edge . 
test:  returns   sign
truth:  get   get

test:  gets the users tries to show the latest user .
truth: queries calendar(s) for the user for the specified year . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  queries   queries

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the given path is a egg file .
truth: check if path points to a file inside a python egg file . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the shortcut .
truth: set keyboard shortcut . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   keyboard

test:  return the next timezone time as a timezone for the given zone .
truth: given a timezone it will return a :class:timezonetransition object that holds the information about the next timezone transition thats going to happen . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  application home page .
truth: custom view . 
test:  module   home
truth:  view   view

test:  generate the parameters for the ibp problem .
truth: simple implementation of the indian buffet process . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  null   implementation

test:  returns a random password .
truth: generates a random six character password with letters and digits . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  deletes any orphaned instances that are available .
truth: clean orphaned instances . 
test:  orphaned   loop
truth:  orphaned   null

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only works on windows systems . 
test:  works   load
truth:  works   works

test:  helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 .
truth: helper function to make sure unicode values converted to utf-8 args: value: str or unicode to convert to utf-8 . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test that selectionchanged is only the results of illusion .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if the provided priority is not greater than zero . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  generate a newline dataset .
truth: this function produces a semi-redundant batch of training samples from the location p in the provided string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into json .
truth: execute the desired powershell command and ensure that it returns data in json format and load that into python . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  converts a string in the number of microseconds to an base fragment .
truth: interpret a string as a base-36 number as per 454 manual . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  interpret   a

test:  generate some more information .
truth: generate a bunch of rolls corresponding to the casino probabilities . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: provides apcupsd only if apcaccess is present . 
test:  load   docstring
truth:  provides   apcupsd

test:  returns a string representation of databook .
truth: returns yaml representation of databook . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  completely exhausts an iterator or stream .
truth: completely exhausts an iterator or stream . 
test:  exhausts   null
truth:  exhausts   null

test:  returns data .
truth: returns patch data . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  loads the mavg window .
truth: compute moving average . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  moving   compute

test:  create dictionary of extra classes .
truth: create classes for testing with other browsers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   classes

test:  in clone() .
truth: test freezing a bazaar clone . 
test:  freezing   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  dumps sub-process information to a file .
truth: dumps memory usage information to file . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  dumps   memory

test:  create a new registration code with the given mode and save invoice object with the new registration code .
truth: recursive function that generate a new code every time and saves in the course registration table if validation check passes args: user : the user creating the course registration codes . 
test:  handle   method
truth:  function   function

test:  turn a batch into a 2d tensor .
truth: turn a n-d tensor into a 2d tensor where the first dimension is conserved . 
test:  function   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  execute the given accessor .
truth: like urllib2 . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  like   urllib2

test:  milestone filtered set .
truth: milestone quick set: status . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  null   milestone

test:  only load if the locale module is available .
truth: only load this module if the python ldap module is present . 
test:  call   load
truth:  load   load

test:  run command .
truth: run command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  validates the iterables of a larger and converts to a flat dictionary .
truth: raise typeerror if an iterables member is not iterable . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  get a service by host its on and binary it listens to .
truth: get a service by hostname and binary . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  exprlist : expression .
truth: exprlist : exprlist comma expression . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  function that provides a select of the provided stream .
truth: function that return a compacted version of the stream . 
test:  asks   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the basic bindings that could be configured in the basic timeseries .
truth: basic system bindings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   system

test:  load core result rows using core fetchmany .
truth: load core result rows using fetchmany/streaming . 
test:  load   core
truth:  load   core

test:  replace media with policy settings .
truth: given an arbitrary string . 
test:  replace   factory
truth:  given   null

test:  rolls back the most recent savepoint .
truth: commits the most recent savepoint . 
test:  commits   back
truth:  commits   commits

test:  getparser() -> parser .
truth: getparser() -> parser . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  simply unshare .
truth: allows configuring log levels from the commandline . 
test:  dump   use
truth:  allows   null

test:  returns the kind attribute for the given entity .
truth: extracts the kind from a key to the entity table . 
test:  return   copies
truth:  extracts   null

test:  ignore warnings and return them .
truth: context manager and decorator to ignore warnings . 
test:  ignore   set
truth:  context   manager

test:  encode bson .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   bson
truth:  encode   bson

test:  get the secret token for the given platform .
truth: for a given platform and version . 
test:  creates   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  sends the resource .
truth: configures the context processors . 
test:  import   null
truth:  configures   configures

test:  export a single data_dir .
truth: export whole site . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   export

test:  returns the version number appearing in the given file .
truth: search the file for a version string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  search   search

test:  read a string table table for the given xml .
truth: read in all shared strings in the table . 
test:  read   parses
truth:  read   in

test:  gets a dict of all the datastore for the current datastore .
truth: returns a reference to the batch datastore interface . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  validates whether id is a docker id .
truth: check that the id follows dockers image name constraints . 
test:  see   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that value is an instance of basestring .
truth: validate the appname option . 
test:  ensures   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  select a collection by attribute .
truth: select an element from an attribute value . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  return a list of all available ports that are on the provider with relevant data .
truth: removes macs from set if used by existing ports . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  check if a given directory exists .
truth: verify that pianobar is properly installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of properties for a namespace . 
test:  get   a
truth:  count   count

test:  decorator to require a single collection .
truth: requires collection to be owned . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  requires   collection

test:  get the login ip from the last invocation .
truth: get the public ip of the head node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the filepath is in a sparse file .
truth: reads the header of a file to determine if it is a votable file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  reads   null

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the output of the which error is not within a function .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  testing   copy
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a new reference to the doer .
truth: create a deterministic l{ireactorthreads} @return: a 2-tuple consisting of an l{ireactorthreads}-like object and a 0-argument callable that will perform one unit of work invoked via that objects c{callfromthread} method . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  immediate assignment section 9 .
truth: immediate assignment extended section 9 . 
test:  null   assignment
truth:  null   assignment

test:  cool a gcode linear move file .
truth: dimension a gcode file . 
test:  stretch   a
truth:  dimension   a

test:  parse a content-type like header .
truth: parse a content-type like header . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  page rendered with a custom plugin .
truth: a simple view function . 
test:  return   page
truth:  null   a

test:  format a quote .
truth: returns a formatted quote depending on the markup language . 
test:  profile   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compare data and window frames and a 2-d array with respect to the expected document frames .
truth: this function takes a list of eye timestamps and world timestamps and correlates one eye frame per world frame returns a mapping that correlates a single eye frame index with each world frame index . 
test:  given   current
truth:  function   function

test:  parses the auth entries .
truth: parses authentication entries args: entries: dict of authentication entries . 
test:  function   a
truth:  parses   authentication

test:  yield all files under base_dir needed for the given directory .
truth: recursively iterates subdirectories of all levels from dirname . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  respond with up hmac1 registration :return: serialized registration :rtype: dict .
truth: look for the registration_code in the database . 
test:  to   null
truth:  look   null

test:  given a numpy array of either a list of symbol or an integer symbols .
truth: takes clauses in cnf format and puts them into an integer representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  prints numa stats .
truth: from a list of files names . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting of covariances . 
test:  logarithmic   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  parse a block scalar scalar in a block scalar .
truth: process an empty line in a block scalar . 
test:  wrap   parse
truth:  process   process

test:  compute polynomial remainder sequence of f .
truth: reduce f modulo a constant p . 
test:  content   compute
truth:  reduce   f

test:  this is a convenience function to run a sets of the provided bar .
truth: subs out the status_bar_views registry with temporary examples . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the html scene scene object .
truth: create html img element with base64-encoded image from the scene . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   html

test:  generates the full aws paths for the given macos .
truth: accepts a dependency name and generates a dict containing the three standard import paths that are valid for the current machine . 
test:  generates   stack
truth:  accepts   a

test:  compute input length of a convolution given length .
truth: determines input length of a convolution given output length . 
test:  function   output
truth:  input   input

test:  converts an integer to a base36 string .
truth: converts an integer to a base36 string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  emulate a py3k function .
truth: elementwise exponential function . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   exponential

test:  parse a cookie header string to an iterable of bytes .
truth: parses the value of a "set-cookie" header into a cookie . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return true if the object is an abstract base class .
truth: return true if the object is an abstract base class . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compare two statuses and determine if the original name is not equal to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: check if the name belongs to a right sequence . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  checks that the plugin is valid .
truth: checks if a plugin is installed . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  wrapper for djangos page titles .
truth: wrapper for devhub page titles . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert from pol to polar units parameters theta : array_like .
truth: convert from polar to cartesian coordinates . 
test:  function   approximation
truth:  convert   convert

test:  this test must be lie? if spherical units are spherical representation of a number of spherical units are collected and that spherical representation of collected from a accurately to rfc
truth: tests positional inputs using components for spherical representations . 
test:  wraps   check
truth:  tests   tests

test:  i have a answer using the user .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  null   i
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the course is privileged for the block .
truth: returns whether the given course is in the block structure cache . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test whether the argument is an int .
truth: test whether the argument can be serialized as an integer . 
test:  returns   predicate
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the acl should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list .
truth: returns true if the referrer should be allowed based on the referrer_acl list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the currently active language its a context .
truth: returns the currently selected language . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that we can move a topic with a topic .
truth: you cannot move a topic within the same forum . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the instanceactionapi class configured with the given module .
truth: returns the hostapi class from the same module as the configured compute api . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the django test suite .
truth: test runner that only runs tests for the apps listed in settings . 
test:  run   running
truth:  test   runner

test:  determine if the loop is complex .
truth: determine if the the point is within the channel between two adjacent points . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  override the given function as verify if no values are found .
truth: used by pickle protocol 4 . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  used   null

test:  volunteer group positions controller .
truth: only for returning options to the s3popuplink popup . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a human-readable tree .
truth: creates a tree path represented by a list of items by joining the items with a separator . 
test:  list   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  maps a group topic delete page .
truth: returns a message detail page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterates over a file descriptors in a entry .
truth: iterates over the server descriptors in a file . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  get the file mode .
truth: this primarily exists to make unit testing easier . 
test:  file   return
truth:  null   null

test:  identified by the global callback in initializedyaml .
truth: initialize the configuration system by installing yaml handlers . 
test:  add   add
truth:  initialize   null

test:  helper to get a valid key value for the given target .
truth: retrieve key value store . 
test:  to   function
truth:  retrieve   key

test:  writes text to the stdout stream .
truth: writes text to the stdout stream . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  return the hash from a file .
truth: return the md5 hash of a file . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  collects all the links in the given document as a dict .
truth: list all documents that link to a document . 
test:  list   show
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a dictionary to a set of items .
truth: converts a dictionary representing a matching to a set representing a matching . 
test:  converts   view
truth:  converts   a

test:  rabins polynomial irreducibility over finite fields .
truth: calculate berlekamps q matrix . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  generate a commented file with the specified name and stderr .
truth: generate resource source file in resource_library . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   resource

test:  take a specific returner data .
truth: return data to an etcd server or cluster . 
test:  write   data
truth:  return   data

test:  parse an email .
truth: scrub email address before using it . 
test:  decide   email
truth:  email   email

test:  generate thumbnail file .
truth: generate all of a files aliases . 
test:  generates   indentation
truth:  generate   generate

test:  setup the camera .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink alarm panels . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the kafka file location .
truth: return a kafka connection . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the first precision of the passed half of the vectors .
truth: compute the position of the first nonzero bit for each int in an array . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  deletes a single line from the basket basket .
truth: handle deleting a distinct order line from the basket given its unique line id . 
test:  handle   test
truth:  deleting   handle

test:  return the name of a python music .
truth: return the full pathname of a music file from the "music" resource subdirectory . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() .
truth: emit update statements corresponding to value lists collected by _collect_post_update_commands() . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  sets the pipeline and remove any pipeline from the current user .
truth: set a short session timeout while the pipeline runs . 
test:  needs   sets
truth:  set   a

test:  get the releases with the given id as discid dict with an releases key .
truth: search for releases with a :musicbrainz:disc id or table of contents . 
test:  get   messages
truth:  search   search

test:  this function is a helper function for division negative permutations .
truth: return list of digits comprising n represented in base b . 
test:  return   return
truth:  list   list

test:  get a network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a network or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generator to generate slices for a set of shape .
truth: generate random slice tuples for shape . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse the ignoredisk line .
truth: parse the ignoredisk line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the name of the search string representation of a rational object .
truth: r1 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if given action is running under search .
truth: return true if vm is running search : string filter vms . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes unicode to utf-8 if not yet .
truth: encode to utf-8 . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  to   encode

test:  like |safe but return a string .
truth: return a string representing a pair . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  return   a

test:  transform current environment into a page .
truth: send requests to handlers based on the first path component . 
test:  sets   t
truth:  requests   requests

test:  given an iterator of corpus .
truth: return an iterator object that yields one sentence at a time . 
test:  iterate   function
truth:  return   return

test:  combine the index with the given official class to the model .
truth: create a line edit bound against a specific model . 
test:  use   os
truth:  create   a

test:  export patches to an algorithm .
truth: run git format-patch on a list of commits . 
test:  export   a
truth:  git   git

test:  upload a file-like object to s3 .
truth: upload a file-like object to this bucket . 
test:  upload   handles
truth:  upload   a

test:  simple wrapper around djangos to log the log for a response .
truth: when pyrax . 
test:  have   send
truth:  null   pyrax

test:  returns the id for a given user .
truth: return user by anonymous_user_id using anonymoususerid lookup table . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   user

test:  set the locale for the given category .
truth: set the locale for the given category . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a shell shell based on the given namespace .
truth: start a standard python shell . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  start   a

test:  setup the closest sensor .
truth: set up the bom weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure that a directory exists if it doesnt exist . 
test:  test   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the configured backend backends name .
truth: returns a backend by name . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  verify that a package is not installed .
truth: verify that a package is not installed . 
test:  null   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get some penn data and apply multiple result to a rand .
truth: get a random slice of items from qs of size limit . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  get   a

test:  delete the character behind the previous document .
truth: delete character before the cursor . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   character

test:  get the expected data list for the given layer .
truth: returns a flattened list of parameters . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  select an element .
truth: a type or universal selector . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   type

test:  convert klintegrator to sensor .
truth: return rgb image from the given matplotlib image object . 
test:  convert   boolean
truth:  return   rgb

test:  ensure a user does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  returns a new .
truth: multiply elementwise two matrices . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  create a new spatial .
truth: load a dask dataframe from a castra . 
test:  load   compute
truth:  load   a

test:  get the entire hypertext of a gcode file .
truth: get the next link text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  logs out a new logout .
truth: creates a logout url . 
test:  changes   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   get
truth:  initialize   null

test:  build a formatted error message for the network and option .
truth: build an appropriate error message from a given option and a list of expected values . 
test:  return   build
truth:  build   build

test:  instantiate class by name .
truth: instantiate class by name . 
test:  instantiate   class
truth:  instantiate   class

test:  returns the name of the display .
truth: return the username to display in the navbar . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a generator of tag sents for the given language .
truth: use nltks currently recommended part of speech tagger to tag the given list of sentences . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   nltks

test:  return a qicon for the local installed file .
truth: create a temporary file cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  copy files or reduce the network file to the requested output .
truth: a very rough and ready copy from / to function . 
test:  copy   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  rangename a set of degrees for a given ref .
truth: utility function: ref3d => sheet2:sheet3!$h$6:$j$20 . 
test:  preferred   javascript
truth:  null   utility

test:  decorator that take a view or indexing indexing .
truth: decorator to prevent a page from being indexable by robots . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  similar to smart_unicode .
truth: similar to smart_text . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  ensure we can compile functions with &key .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwargs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  appends remote links to url .
truth: trims anchor texts that are longer than 70 chars . 
test:  link   a
truth:  trims   null

test:  get the current user .
truth: retrieves the registry root in use by python . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  creates a randomly .
truth: get the zonefile metadata see zonefile_metadata_ :returns: a dictionary with the database metadata . 
test:  null   function
truth:  get   get

test:  get the subtitle path for a video .
truth: get the subtitle path using the video_path and language . 
test:  is   create
truth:  get   get

test:  filters a list of text with a given word .
truth: tokenizes a given text into words . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  generates the string key to make it argument .
truth: compute directory associated with a given cache key . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  compute   directory

test:  evaluate an alloc snippet to alloc .
truth: if the input type is the same as the output type there is no change in the shape of the input . 
test:  move   init
truth:  if   null

test:  check if the catalog has writing to find the parameters .
truth: create an inotify instance and return the associated file descriptor . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  create   create

test:  parse multi dot-separated argument into dict .
truth: parse multi dot-separated argument into dict . 
test:  limit   convert
truth:  parse   multi

test:  this function enables you this function will send a connection to the windows system .
truth: shutdown windows system . 
test:  imports   set
truth:  shutdown   windows

test:  return an xml element .
truth: find a xml element via xpath and extract its text . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   a

test:  prints the description of a video handler for the json .
truth: displays command schema to stdout and exit program . 
test:  make   null
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure image is present in the computenode name : string hostname of image .
truth: ensure image is present on the computenode name : string uuid of image . 
test:  ensure   image
truth:  ensure   image

test:  lookup a relative url based on a url .
truth: resolve the given relative url as being relative to the location represented by the environment . 
test:  null   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a version of utility .
truth: remove the item at position index of the tuple and return a new tuple . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  find any svn:externals directories in the given directory .
truth: find any svn:externals directories . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  helper function for expm_2009 .
truth: eubank similar to fan and gijbels example function 1 . 
test:  returns   base
truth:  null   null

test:  remove all the folders which are created .
truth: remove some special folders which are created by the tests . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  decorator to mark a function as a wrapper for a single test .
truth: decorator to populate the dictionary of refreshers with the current function . 
test:  null   force
truth:  to   decorator

test:  fetches a track by its id .
truth: fetches a track by its musicbrainz id . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  generates a map of the specified file names to be used for better the javascript files .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  returns   generate
truth:  generates   a

test:  validates locale for locale .
truth: make sure the locale is enabled on sumo . 
test:  validate   locale
truth:  make   null

test:  check that the x and over those and over those items of those and over those items .
truth: convert x/abs(x) into sign(x) . 
test:  if   check
truth:  convert   convert

test:  platform index from a bytestring or structure .
truth: flip negative indices around to positive ones . 
test:  does   a
truth:  flip   null

test:  convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite .
truth: convert doctest tests for a module to a unittest test suite . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  find the value of the id for the specified user or if the specified user id was executed .
truth: returns or tuple depending on what is given . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a conda package .
truth: require a conda package . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  enable the specified task with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: run the windows salt restart task cli example: . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the request extension should be supported by a given extension .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports a given extension name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   method

test:  check if git is a free git space .
truth: check if the remote directory over at the pkg repo has available diskspace if the amount of free space is not supplied . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check that something provides a column distance for being reported .
truth: sanity-check that the sun is at a reasonable distance from any altaz . 
test:  check   unicode
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a code code .
truth: returns the 5-digit dtc code from hex encoding . 
test:  model   add
truth:  returns   returns

test:  emulate the __doc__ class .
truth: like @property . 
test:  creates   compute
truth:  like   like

test:  send analytics vote for a particular course or course .
truth: vote or unvote for a thread or a response . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  null   vote

test:  return the chordal cycle of the chordal graph .
truth: return the chordal cycle graph on p nodes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  delete the provided cookies .
truth: delete cookies indicating that the user is logged in . 
test:  function   delete
truth:  delete   cookies

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  block   a
truth:  create   create

test:  gets the scatter property property property for an object .
truth: gets the scatter property for an object . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  will take the source code for http request .
truth: runs op on each table listed in --tables . 
test:  is   null
truth:  runs   op

test:  function to obtain uptime from show version data .
truth: obtain uptime string from show version output . 
test:  obtain   string
truth:  obtain   uptime

test:  retrieve a server by id or raise .
truth: get a server by name or id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reads the invalidating lineage .
truth: do not renew a valid cert with one from a staging server! . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  do   null

test:  serializes an object and pickle it into the pickle .
truth: serializes a callable into a format recognized by the deferred executor . 
test:  copied   a
truth:  serializes   a

test:  extract a zip zip zip file .
truth: safely extract a given zip file to a path . 
test:  constructs   function
truth:  extract   null

test:  make sure that the lvs module is absent name the name of the overlay to remove .
truth: ensure user account is absent name : string username . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensure   user

test:  reads the mapping file .
truth: parse an extraction method mapping from a file-like object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  like function that returns a handle to the dump directory that is relative to that do not need to be created with the current checkout environment because of the project
truth: get a directory within $mock_hadoop_tmp . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   a

test:  transform the vector3 by a matrix .
truth: transform the vector3 by a matrix . 
test:  transform   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return a unicode object for utf8 bytes .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  return   unicode
truth:  make   null

test:  list public ips .
truth: list all available public ips . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  ensure a given database with the specified name is absent .
truth: ensure a linux acl does not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  build a valuation model .
truth: try to build a nltk . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   try

test:  assemble a module .
truth: assemble a javascript file and a function call . 
test:  strips   decorator
truth:  assemble   a

test:  sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line .
truth: sobel on a vertical edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  is   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check that distances are not lost on skycoord init .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  time   check
truth:  url   url

test:  test that the json object returned by the json api .
truth: turns a python object into a response . 
test:  test   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  returns the metadata metadata for the specified instance as a viewfinder instance .
truth: returns the instance metadata as a nested python dictionary . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to run a method with the given number of executor .
truth: decorator to run a synchronous method asynchronously on an executor . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns an integer having one of the given iterable .
truth: returns the standard deviation of the given list of values . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drop tps with no directories in apps .
truth: drop directories that belong to no existing tp . 
test:  drop   remove
truth:  drop   directories

test:  undo the effects of quote() .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  perform   function
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  return lines with comment characters replaced by a line .
truth: return string as a comment . 
test:  to   a
truth:  string   string

test:  display the firewall status for the specified host or list of hosts for the host .
truth: show status of all firewall rule sets . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  show   status

test:  just try to visualize profiling .
truth: launch the kcachegrind on profiling_data profiling_data can either be: - a pstats . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return a python script that is it resolves to the current python script .
truth: returns the executable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrap the binary image with the cuda block .
truth: a naive single threadblock sum reduction . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to write to file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  function   function

test:  checks if a file exists .
truth: creates an empty file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  make sure hosts works with @roles in @roles order .
truth: make sure hosts defined in env . 
test:  make   test
truth:  make   null

test:  parse the string after area .
truth: convert a text string into a valid list of indices . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  make edges of a 3d matrix .
truth: returns a list of edges for a 3d image . 
test:  to   n
truth:  returns   a

test:  modify reject section 9 .
truth: modify complete section 9 . 
test:  modify   section
truth:  complete   null

test:  return a list of exceptions that have scene exceptions .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: like test_record_good . 
test:  like   function
truth:  like   like

test:  calculate partial size for random matrices .
truth: transform unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer to constrained parameters used in likelihood evaluation parameters unconstrained : array unconstrained parameters used by the optimizer . 
test:  given   transform
truth:  transform   transform

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a program for a file .
truth: find program in path and return absolute path try adding . 
test:  given   a
truth:  find   program

test:  returns a function with given values .
truth: partial function application . 
test:  null   args
truth:  function   function

test:  checks the given language code for the given locale .
truth: try to find out if language actually exists calling babel . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   try

test:  return an iterator over the keys of a class or 4-tuple attribute as a python object .
truth: return the method resolution order for cls -- i . 
test:  support   tuple
truth:  return   return

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  strips matching matching handlers from handlers and directories .
truth: strips common literal prefix from handlers and intersects the substrings . 
test:  matching   translate
truth:  strips   strips

test:  read the meta of the media descriptor object .
truth: read the meta of the media . 
test:  get   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true if the filename looks like a module .
truth: return whether the given filename is an extension module . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  l2loss l2loss .
truth: construct a loncapaproblem suitable for unit tests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  shows the current twisted version .
truth: display version info . 
test:  show   prints
truth:  display   version

test:  convert a pandas delta to the corresponding integer delta .
truth: convert a :py:class:datetime . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  handles a project akin for all items of a wiki wiki .
truth: view that handles user the x-editable input for wiki page renaming . 
test:  loads   fetch
truth:  view   view

test:  computes the poisson pmf from distribution .
truth: computes the exponential pdf . 
test:  function   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  format a python object as a string .
truth: get the serialized data dictionary from the given rest api test response . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return the amount of memory allocated to this machine .
truth: allocate 2 percent of total virtual memory as shared memory for nginx limit_conn_zone . 
test:  get   use
truth:  allocate   null

test:  return the list of milestones for the specified namespace .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  null   api

test:  given a array .
truth: perform a pivoting step . 
test:  retrieves   network
truth:  perform   a

test:  calculate the style loss between the given image .
truth: calculate style loss between style_image and target_image . 
test:  find   image
truth:  calculate   style

test:  folder edit page .
truth: folder edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  decorator for .
truth: memoize decorator . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  memoize   decorator

test:  return a dictionary mapping tool names to cwl a proxy file .
truth: provide a proxy object to cwltool data structures to just grab relevant data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  take an exception object and marks it into the response .
truth: wrap the given get_response callable in exception-to-response conversion . 
test:  converts   exception
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  return any numpy array to mask .
truth: return a masking array of same size/shape as arr with entries equaling any member of values_to_mask set to true . 
test:  returns   mask
truth:  return   a

test:  main function to return the sentence .
truth: returns content of brackets with brackets and first pos after brackets if source[start] is followed by some optional white space and brackets . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  content   content

test:  parse the code code of a code at the end of the two operators .
truth: parse a piece of text and substitude $var by either unique variable names or by the given kwargs mapping . 
test:  code   parses
truth:  parse   a

test:  reorder g/b .
truth: reorder unifrac result unifrac res is distmtx . 
test:  null   sample
truth:  null   null

test:  read a fif file .
truth: read the head shape . 
test:  read   latex
truth:  read   read

test:  return string that represents raw text .
truth: return a subset of a string translated to a safe string for display in a browser . 
test:  text   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print an error message to stderr and exit .
truth: dump error message and exit . 
test:  error   series
truth:  error   error

test:  returns all divisors of the antidivisors for the given set of n .
truth: helper function for antidivisors which generates the antidivisors . 
test:  null   n
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the rademacher setting of the rademacher is equivalent in the model .
truth: searches the config . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  searches   searches

test:  compute the out-degree centrality for nodes .
truth: search for a node with high centrality . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  search   search

test:  usage: lx export-aria2 [id|name] .
truth: usage: lx diagnostics . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   lx

test:  run an inventory .
truth: return the inventory mapping in a dict . 
test:  to   build
truth:  return   return

test:  test that the base data behaves from singular .
truth: test sip against astropy . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if ~/env is installed .
truth: is binstar-cli installed? :return: true/false . 
test:  if   check
truth:  is   null

test:  makes a request to the auth token .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id token . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  returns true if *uri* can variants own .
truth: this function analyzes if two urls are variants . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  function   function

test:  convert a byte to a string .
truth: convert integer x into a string of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   integer

test:  test general boolean value .
truth: test boolean operations involving a left and right operand . 
test:  test   test
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  multivariate normal loglikelihood parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case in the multivariate case .
truth: hannan-quinn information criterion parameters sigma2 : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of sigma_hat in the multivariate case . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return the default html for markdown .
truth: markdown filter for writeup . 
test:  handles   markdown
truth:  filter   filter

test:  check to see if an rds option group exists .
truth: check to see if an rds option group exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attempts to revert revert using a warning level .
truth: adds a message with the warning level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  this is a decorator to fail if the exception is not a e-mail function .
truth: logs exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  logs   exceptions

test:  composition kernel .
truth: expands the kernel spec into a length 2 list . 
test:  get   instance
truth:  expands   null

test:  delete all server from spacewalk cli example: .
truth: delete all activation keys from spacewalk cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return homebrew_packages information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nvram information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   xprotect_reports
truth:  return   return

test:  display reconstruction with the given dataset .
truth: show reconstructions of a given dbm model . 
test:  shows   display
truth:  show   show

test:  adds a mapping of error codes to the list of codes .
truth: add error codes to the error enumeration . 
test:  transforms   parses
truth:  error   error

test:  ensure a search is installed with the system name : string name of the place to remove .
truth: replace all instances of a string or full line in the running config name string to replace repl the replacement text full_match whether name will match the full line or only a subset of the line . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  rooms the socketio request to the socketio we need to rooms .
truth: return a list of the rooms the client is in . 
test:  if   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns qr .
truth: computes the qr decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  computes   null

test:  return a formatted information for all the compiler values .
truth: return legendre coefficients for given x values in -1<=x<=1 . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   legendre

test:  same as isinstance except on isinstance .
truth: same as isinstance except on python 2 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   null

test:  selects a boolean field for the django django django .
truth: return html code for a nice representation of true/false . 
test:  text   a
truth:  return   html

test:  returns the mac address as a namedtuple .
truth: generate mac colon-hex string from unsigned int . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  generate   mac

test:  lists all services for this system .
truth: return list of sysv services . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a data string to a string .
truth: normalize() returns a tuple; this returns another valid host string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install the given directory to be installed .
truth: install composer dependencies for a directory . 
test:  install   docstring
truth:  install   composer

test:  searches for a single album and returns an iterator over all albuminfo objects within the given album .
truth: searches for a single album and returns an iterator over albuminfo objects . 
test:  yield   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  returns the field type for use in a tabular array .
truth: compatibility function for using the recarray base classs field method . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  -> -> defaults .
truth: a demonstration of the result of aligning phonetic sequences used in kondraks dissertation . 
test:  null   split
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  decode a task payload .
truth: decodes post task payload . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  post   post

test:  return the expression skipping for the given gradient .
truth: csm_grad -> csm_grad_c . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decodes bytes or unicode string .
truth: guess the encoding of a string and decode it . 
test:  decodes   attempt
truth:  guess   guess

test:  sends a signal to the log .
truth: launch the cherry-pick dialog . 
test:  pick   virtual
truth:  launch   launch

test:  ensure a file exists .
truth: ensure that a file does not exist . 
test:  to   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate git packages .
truth: generates a helper script to be run by the user to install all the dependencies . 
test:  go   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  restart the specified service with rest_sample cli example: .
truth: restart the specified service with rest_sample . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  restart   restart

test:  display a show backend .
truth: helper to show a figure while suppressing warnings . 
test:  show   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  ensure message is suitable for inclusion in post data .
truth: helper to emulate mpd errors . 
test:  show   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  creates a list of pairs to these are followed by a starting with the order of each item .
truth: format a list of traceback entry tuples for printing . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  format   a

test:  set up the global sequential .
truth: sets up logging and associated handlers . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  sets   up

test:  creates a web application .
truth: a helper function to be launched from a thread . 
test:  wraps   app
truth:  null   helper

test:  parse out the event .
truth: given an event . 
test:  parses   accept
truth:  given   null

test:  return a string containing all the strings which are used to access f(x) f(x) the e .
truth: simplify and combine cg coefficients this function uses various symmetry and properties of sums and products of clebsch-gordan coefficients to simplify statements involving these terms [1]_ . 
test:  to   null
truth:  simplify   null

test:  given a course_id and comment_id .
truth: given a course and comment id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns list of queues in the active queues .
truth: list the task queues a worker are currently consuming from . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  send a notification about a server .
truth: send a notification about server group update . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  send   a

test:  change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for groups .
truth: change the groups to which a user belongs name username to modify groups list of groups to set for the user . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  returns the string with all values smaller than a given regular expression .
truth: replace each line break with a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  verify that the specified python is installed with python 2 and install ones user to install user : boolean toggle output the optional user the optional user : boolean toggle
truth: verify that python is installed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  join two 256 indices .
truth: join operation for python streaming backend note that a pure streaming join is challenging/impossible because any row in one seq might connect to any row in the other . 
test:  output   null
truth:  join   operation

test:  return the data path from a datastore .
truth: get the configuration of the device tree at the given path . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a strategy to make unit testing .
truth: return strategy module name . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   strategy

test:  lookup a ptr record for a given ipv6 address .
truth: lookup an aaaa record for a given *name* . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  returns the <remote>/ <remote>/ for a given user .
truth: processes github payload with version 1 field specification payload comes in unmodified from github stream is set to commits if otherwise unset . 
test:  push   start
truth:  github   github

test:  compare before and after results of a password .
truth: compare before and after results from various salt functions . 
test:  to   check
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the secret from the keyczar crypter social populates it owslib .
truth: writes the specified secret value to a file in the secrets directory named secret . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a chunk of data from a file based on the specified fnd['path'] .
truth: return a chunk from a file based on the data received cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration_list struct_declaration . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  reads a file .
truth: this is just a test function . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  is   null

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-jacobi quadrature . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return indent .
truth: return the length of the indentation on the given tokens line . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all the date blocks for which the user is marked as well as the start and any of the block structure are up to the start
truth: return the list of blocks to display on the course info page . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  checks what the bc of the duplicates of correct duplicates .
truth: checks for barcode and other demultiplexing duplicates default check is for unique barcodes . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  decorator to make sure the @no_type_check are accessible .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are publicly accessible as http requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  assign a metaclass in a metaclass compatible fashion .
truth: add metaclasses in both python 2 and python 3 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  add   add

test:  read lsm data from a file .
truth: read cs_lsm_info tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  encode a file attachment file with the given attachment .
truth: convert a file to attachment . 
test:  read   size
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a locals for a module .
truth: makes a suite from a module . 
test:  load   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  writes the current table to disk .
truth: write a table object to an vo table file parameters input : table the table to write out . 
test:  configure   null
truth:  write   a

test:  return true if the site configuration has the the specified configuration .
truth: returns true is there is siteconfiguration instance associated with the current site and it is enabled . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup floats to compute floats .
truth: trims zeros . 
test:  array   null
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return a directory path .
truth: converts / in a string to os . 
test:  to   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if any of the given path matches the given patterns in any of the given patterns .
truth: return true or false depending on whether the path should be ignored . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  adds a application with the given volume with the given name .
truth: add a matching application that has the current dataset attached as a volume . 
test:  add   state
truth:  add   a

test:  he uniform variance scaling initializer .
truth: he uniform variance scaling initializer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   uniform

test:  write the special text tag .
truth: writes datachars to writer . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   datachars

test:  returns a valid user object .
truth: gets the default user or creates it if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  check if a vlan interface exists .
truth: checks if the vlan_interface exists on the esx host . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  just ensure gal should apply given date .
truth: this tests whether the trigger can be set on a specific date . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a snapshot in a disk image .
truth: create a snapshot in a disk image . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs .
truth: parses a gff/gtf attribute string and returns a dictionary of name-value pairs . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  we will use this to nice the print xml api to get a dict .
truth: print a nice formatted node to the output . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   a

test:  open a repo .
truth: spawn a new cola session . 
test:  null   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  returns the square root of p .
truth: computes odds for a given probability . 
test:  ensures   fnc
truth:  computes   null

test:  stop a "service" on the ssh server .
truth: stop a "service" on the ssh server . 
test:  stop   a
truth:  stop   a

test:  convert postgis .
truth: creates an oozie action from a jobsub design . 
test:  converts   verifies
truth:  creates   null

test:  list table names in a given schema .
truth: list table names in a given schema . 
test:  list   table
truth:  list   table

test:  test to make sure that custom completion completion works correctly .
truth: test that errors from custom attribute completers are silenced . 
test:  calling   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the current timezone object for the current thread .
truth: retrieve the preferred timeszone from the rcparams dictionary . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  add or add a new post to the request .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a machine by name .
truth: marks instance types as deleted . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  marks   instance

test:  adds a team to a repository .
truth: create a new github team within an organization . 
test:  function   a
truth:  create   a

test:  issue update statements on a matplotlib object .
truth: issue insert and/or update statements for a list of objects . 
test:  save   null
truth:  insert   insert

test:  return the current .
truth: return true if the engine services are running . 
test:  process   process
truth:  return   return

test:  view all the files to a given revision .
truth: create a new attachment object and populate its initial revision or show a separate form view that allows to fix form submission errors . 
test:  edit   home
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a report list of module names .
truth: returns list on new style reports for modules . 
test:  form   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string .
truth: convert a markdown string to html and return html as a unicode string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the supplied dataset .
truth: we could intercept a special dataset and return different data providers . 
test:  compare   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get gcode lines with distance variable added .
truth: get gcode lines with distance variable added . 
test:  get   gcode
truth:  get   gcode

test:  test that a pickle object is a pickle column .
truth: regression test for url . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  create a control scanner .
truth: setup unifi device_tracker . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a list of all kinds and sizes of memcache and sizes .
truth: cache last retrieved kind size values in memcache . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  cache   cache

test:  verify the fits file checksums .
truth: prints a message if any hdu in filename has a bad checksum or datasum . 
test:  check   check
truth:  prints   a

test:  the operation operation to the entrance exam .
truth: internal workflow operation to retrieve an entrance exam . 
test:  returns   reference
truth:  null   workflow

test:  iterate over genbank formatted entries .
truth: breaks up an imgt file into seqrecord objects . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  breaks   up

test:  remove all server group(s) from the selected database cli example: .
truth: synchronously save the dataset to disk and then shut down the server cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  save   null

test:  allowed_request_methods: the markdown api to markdown .
truth: parse from html to markdown . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  splits or raw path or splits first path based on the path such that template or raises an absolute path .
truth: split a path into segments and perform a sanity check . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   a

test:  detach a volume .
truth: detach a volume from an instance . 
test:  detach   a
truth:  detach   a

test:  check that path does not conform to corresponding to the file .
truth: finds participants * without elsewhere account attached * having non zero outstanding tip this should not happen because when we remove the last elsewhere account in take_over we also zero out all tips . 
test:  checks   custom
truth:  finds   participants

test:  ask for a filename .
truth: ask for a color . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  return true if n is a safe dnf .
truth: is the size of fft such that fftpack can handle it in single precision with sufficient accuracy? composite numbers of 2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding .
truth: decode a string encoded with rfc 2045 mime header q encoding . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  calculate the hash digest of a file .
truth: returns an hash object of type md5 or sha1 . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a path relative to colas /usr/share/doc/ directory .
truth: return a path relative to colas installation prefix . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  return a single name from a collection path .
truth: return radicale item name from path . 
test:  creates   path
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a list of strings .
truth: flatten all the elements in the given list into a single list . 
test:  list   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string .
truth: encode replaygain gain/peak values as a sound check string . 
test:  encode   solve
truth:  encode   replaygain

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  generate simple conjunction with a recovery byte string .
truth: this header is described nowhere . 
test:  null   hack
truth:  header   header

test:  deletes the named sysv service from keystone cli example: .
truth: delete the named sysv service from the system . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates simple database using http database .
truth: creates appropriate database using params . 
test:  instantiate   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  return file store with given uri .
truth: given a uri . 
test:  chunks   get
truth:  given   a

test:  sort a list of distributions in a plot .
truth: sort plot data . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  a helper function that raises a status code that validates a graph .
truth: validates error statuses . 
test:  check   a
truth:  error   error

test:  convert a list of strings into a list .
truth: get words from ids . 
test:  given   multiple
truth:  get   words

test:  convert duration to integer .
truth: convert windows 64-bit duration to string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   windows

test:  check if a repository is within the given repository on the given repository .
truth: detects whether the given path is browsable i . 
test:  return   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  add a tuple of paths to the history file .
truth: indicate that the import of the album in paths is completed and should not be repeated in incremental imports . 
test:  add   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  returns a dict of old license ids .
truth: returns a dict of old license ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: vulnerability resource headers . 
test:  null   header
truth:  null   resource

test:  define all the servers for the given servers .
truth: define servers listed in the setup file return a list of configserver instances . 
test:  define   null
truth:  define   servers

test:  yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the build for the build .
truth: yaml: description-setter this plugin sets the description for each build . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  define a target with the target name .
truth: define java_binary target . 
test:  define   bson
truth:  define   null

test:  a base class with the base class .
truth: a pre-hook for the base class . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  lead edit page .
truth: lead edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  set related icons .
truth: sets property hidden=1 in **desktop icon** for given user . 
test:  order   list
truth:  sets   property

test:  connect to the address that milestones-friendly milestones-friendly method .
truth: connect all the signals on the comment model to maintains a valid discussion count on each entries when an action is done with the comments . 
test:  to   -
truth:  connect   connect

test:  see :meth: .
truth: check satisfiability of a propositional sentence . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  check   satisfiability

test:  a function with a selector content .
truth: use this decorator on your predicates so they become traceable with :class:traced_selection . 
test:  function   a
truth:  use   use

test:  compares the value of a sound .
truth: compare function used to sort top 250/bottom 10 rank . 
test:  choose   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the user to display in the pager .
truth: render list of pages . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  import import console .
truth: open history . 
test:  null   null
truth:  open   history

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the skirt dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  reads the object from the given salt-minion .
truth: read the complete ini file and check its version number if ok . 
test:  return   a
truth:  read   read

test:  set/get the ylimits of the current tick axis .
truth: set/get the theta locations of the gridlines and ticklabels . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   null

test:  only work on gentoo systems with eselect installed .
truth: confine this module to mac os with homebrew . 
test:  confirm   null
truth:  confine   null

test:  importing vispy .
truth: importing vispy . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   vispy

test:  install the docker distribution on the device .
truth: return an effect for installing docker if it is not already installed . 
test:  install   handles
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string .
truth: parse a fragment of a document from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr le expr | expr lt expr | expr | expr | expr ne expr | expr | expr |
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer rparen . 
test:  null   factor
truth:  null   null

test:  return the base directory where a filename is located .
truth: get the root directory that a file is contained in . 
test:  to   version
truth:  get   get

test:  checks to see if the file does not exist .
truth: returns true if and only if minc is *not* installed . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to amazon amazon modules :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon ec2 container service rtype: :class:boto . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  move a file or directory from the dest .
truth: move file from *source* to *dest* if file is a python script . 
test:  move   source
truth:  file   file

test:  attempt to rm a file .
truth: remove a file if it exists . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  true if value is a string with a writable type .
truth: checks if the string value ends with another string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  return the kth response for the given prob .
truth: compute beta-smooth sensitivity . 
test:  set   sensitivity
truth:  compute   compute

test:  display the about the about a about page .
truth: launches the help -> about dialog . 
test:  view   show
truth:  launches   null

test:  test fastprint calls .
truth: fastprint() is just an alias to puts() . 
test:  text   text
truth:  is   null

test:  build a sitemap for a local project .
truth: build and save sitemap files for every mdn language and as a callback save the sitempa index file as well . 
test:  do   a
truth:  build   build

test:  creates a type-specific instance from a document_pb .
truth: creates map of field name to type list from document_pb . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  map   map

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 7 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  plot a numerators and patch it .
truth: plot an image with random values and superimpose a circular patch . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  send a command with passed arguments .
truth: send an event to the salt master . 
test:  send   sequences
truth:  send   send

test:  return true if the named service is enabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  search for a canonical type .
truth: replace aliases to the corresponding type to compute the ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  replace   aliases

test:  takes a dictionary that may contain a python file and a list of pairs .
truth: search for pattern in the cdp data return relevant . 
test:  extended   lists
truth:  search   search

test:  class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass .
truth: class decorator for creating a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a list of lists of data from the configuration file .
truth: return the data in the displayed datatable . 
test:  convert   starting
truth:  return   return

test:  build a filename for a testdata filename .
truth: create a filename for test data and join to path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract a boundaries from a string of binary digits .
truth: return or raise an exception: sign is + or - intpart is 0 or more digits beginning with a nonzero fraction is 0 or more digits expo is an integer . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the twos complement of value .
truth: returns the binary inverse of value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a technical 404 error page .
truth: create a technical 404 error response . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  parse a uri string into a tuple with .
truth: returns tuple . 
test:  turn   parses
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  get a specific original mod mod name .
truth: retrieve the original object from a module . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  add faces from a square mesh .
truth: add cube by inradius . 
test:  add   point
truth:  add   cube

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: transform x . 
test:  get   rgb
truth:  transform   x

test:  return image with glance usually usually for glance .
truth: given a glance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  renders the home page .
truth: renders the home page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  attempts to run a server .
truth: start a child process with identical commandline arguments and restart it as long as it exists with status code 3 . 
test:  start   install
truth:  start   a

test:  stream edit page .
truth: stream edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  execute a program at seconds .
truth: this polls the child program until it finishes executing . 
test:  ping   a
truth:  null   null

test:  cool a gcode linear move file .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  alteration   a

test:  return the neutron name .
truth: split node name into tuple of name/hostname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  split   node

test:  find the nth position in a sentence .
truth: a helper to run xpath with the proper namespaces for the washington legislative api . 
test:  test   message
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove volume type access for project .
truth: remove volume type access for project . 
test:  remove   volume
truth:  remove   volume

test:  set the preferred channel for a channel .
truth: sets the safe for work status for the current channel . 
test:  set   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns a fullrank fullrank .
truth: return a matrix whose column span is the same as x . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that in-db and on-disk units match after format conversion .
truth: tests that the in-db store and on-disk store match by checking that units match in order . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  tests   tests

test:  test that the message twice should be shown .
truth: show the same message twice after the first is gone . 
test:  launches   show
truth:  show   show

test:  get the name of the docs file for the docs file .
truth: retrieve information from the parse tree of a source file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  creates a list of functions to represent a list of function objects .
truth: creates a function that converts a setting into a list of elements each converted with the given conversion function . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  split the extension from a pathname .
truth: split the extension from a pathname . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  ask for a filename to make them .
truth: ask for multiple filenames and return the open file objects returns a list of open file objects or an empty list if cancel selected . 
test:  to   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  wait until a volume has been reached .
truth: helper function to wait for a given volume to change state from start_status via transient_status to end_status . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars with specified length .
truth: returns a randomly-generated string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new virtual interface record in the database .
truth: create a new virtual interface record in the database . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return 18 templates .
truth: return 18 templates . 
test:  return   correct
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to create a new stream .
truth: stream() create a cuda stream that represents a command queue for the device . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return json object with information about the user data .
truth: get the telemetry data that would be sent . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  add items to db .
truth: add/make obsolete the database items to correspond to the filesystem . 
test:  given   page
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dict with instructor status for the task .
truth: view method that returns the status of a course-related task or tasks . 
test:  null   handles
truth:  view   method

test:  returns the speed speed for a given authentication id .
truth: returns the posted speed limit for given road segments . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets a model instance by name .
truth: fetches a django model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  checks that first is in two strings with the first format .
truth: checks that first is not in second . 
test:  assert   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the value in the elements of the matrix .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  splits   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all specification for a given qos_specs .
truth: get all associated volume types for a given qos_specs . 
test:  get   qos
truth:  get   get

test:  renders the markdown text and return html document with markdown .
truth: given markdown . 
test:  render   render
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system .
truth: simple command-line program for listing the virtual machines on a system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  quote a string or a unicode object this is a mainly for the returned language .
truth: quote -> abc%20def each part of a url . 
test:  return   quote
truth:  null   quote

test:  formats a datetime object for iso8601 .
truth: format a datetime object . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  transform individual index definition to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index definition to protocol buffer . 
test:  transform   individual
truth:  transform   individual

test:  fetches information of a certain security group group group cli example: .
truth: fetches information of a certain security group cli example: . 
test:  maintain   information
truth:  fetches   information

test:  returns a list of valid exploration ids for the given user .
truth: returns a filtered version of the return value of get_completed_exploration_ids . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a new database instance .
truth: creates a database manager instance . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  verify that the actual censure censure of the input image can be whitelisted as the second and that the form of the whole and detect for the form .
truth: verify the actual censure keypoints and their corresponding scale with the expected values for dob filter . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  upload real directory to rsync via remote files .
truth: uploads the project with rsync excluding some files and folders . 
test:  push   in
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  commit messages to use the namespace .
truth: get credentials object for use with google cloud client . 
test:  given   fetch
truth:  get   credentials

test:  create a service options for the given service .
truth: create a datadog service instance for interacting with datadog . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run the wx event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the wx event loop . 
test:  run   null
truth:  run   run

test:  sends an contact to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   handler
truth:  sends   a

test:  verify that a regression is a non-regression layer .
truth: this test based on a previously failing issue here: url . 
test:  calculate   factory
truth:  test   test

test:  try to obtain the current versions of the remote versions .
truth: grab drac version . 
test:  to   versions
truth:  grab   drac

test:  gets the path to the given type for given type .
truth: get power management command path . 
test:  get   power
truth:  get   power

test:  get the evaluated boolean as a float .
truth: get the evaluated value as an int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  enqueues a task for the given course_id .
truth: sends a push notification for a course update . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  checks if a file is a valid python file .
truth: test if the given path is a text-like file . 
test:  is   return
truth:  if   test

test:  running the "harvest" will run only on a specific scenario .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  null   mail
truth:  uses   uses

test:  takes a list of acoustid and returns a acoustid object .
truth: apply acoustid metadata to the tasks items . 
test:  applying   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  filelinks: calling repr() strings with strings .
truth: filelinks: does not recurse when recursive=false . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  does   null

test:  creates a program action .
truth: create action to run a program . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   action

test:  only the redbull service is enabled in the test .
truth: only the redbull service is enabled in the test . 
test:  create   check
truth:  null   null

test:  return a new .
truth: creates or returns a dataset from a pair of blaze expressions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  simple page to update the certificate footer .
truth: return data to be used in certificate footer . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  return   data

test:  returns a list of jobs for the given unfinished .
truth: get a list containing data about all unfinished jobs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  computes the surface matrix for x and y .
truth: we create a custom kernel: k = x y . 
test:  filter   x
truth:  create   create

test:  private function used to create a list of tuples or modules which will be prefix .
truth: descend into a nested data structure . 
test:  look   returns
truth:  descend   null

test:  gets the comment form through the comments/list .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check whether a valid name matches the valid valid name .
truth: checks if the provided name fits linodes labeling parameters . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  destroy a namespace given a given namespace .
truth: destroy a given namespace . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  this function makes sure a local plotly has all plotly permissions .
truth: ensure that filesystem is setup/filled out in a valid way . 
test:  ensures   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  determine if the process with the given block contains a block .
truth: get_aside method for monkey-patching into applicable_aside_types while rendering an htmldescriptor for email text editing . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  take a protocol and listen it into a new location .
truth: a map function used in merge phase . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  map   map

test:  add allocated_id to the default parameters .
truth: add microseconds precission on updated_at field in mysql databases . 
test:  ignore   allocated_id
truth:  add   microseconds

test:  check for a year .
truth: returns a dict of the options for the year virtual field used by the search widget orderby needed for postgres @todo: migrate to stats_year_options() . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  returns   a

test:  read a pcap file and return a dictionary .
truth: returns dictionary with translation messages . 
test:  read   read
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the timeout is not a call .
truth: wrap a call to *function* with a timeout; if the called function fails to return before the timeout . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value .
truth: helper method for common parse actions that simply return a literal value . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  perform a searchqueryset of raw abundance entries on a directory .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance test on a directory of raw abundance otu matrices . 
test:  issues   edit
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  build the test coverage for the set of coverage to the coverage .
truth: returns java test coverage flags based on the environment passed in . 
test:  formats   transformation
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format an ordinal number to a number .
truth: filter function used to render some infosets . 
test:  counts   method
truth:  function   function

test:  return the index where to insert item x in list a .
truth: insert item x in list a . 
test:  elementwise   run
truth:  insert   item

test:  update the stack frame .
truth: required items in opts are keys id __role sock_dir ryn is the remote yard name to communicate with each use much call raetlane . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  required   items

test:  handle a docker image to a docker registry .
truth: push an image from a docker registry . 
test:  run   null
truth:  push   push

test:  parse setup arguments .
truth: initialise routing table for this interface using routes from main table . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  routing   routing

test:  get volume type by name .
truth: get volume type by name . 
test:  get   volume
truth:  get   volume

test:  get the complete_id code for the specified question .
truth: get the priority question for series corresponding to series_id . 
test:  to   function
truth:  get   get

test:  for geos cgroups from the stack section of a node .
truth: composes a "pop arguments from stack" section of a return pid dtrace probe . 
test:  composes   a
truth:  composes   a

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a fixed32 value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  returns boolean indicating if the configuration is enabled .
truth: check whether third party authentication has been enabled . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  check   check

test:  prompts for user .
truth: prompts the user for a username and password . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  prompts   null

test:  transpose on all skeleton operators .
truth: emulate emacs transpose-char behavior: at the beginning of the buffer . 
test:  text   null
truth:  emulate   emacs

test:  get the distribution .
truth: get the description of the linux distribution . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  fix edit with a campaign bank .
truth: to make things little bit more simple lets use only english as a language . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  test pick of channels .
truth: test channel-picking functionality . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup the scsgate switches .
truth: add only scsgate scenario switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a set of successors in g of source .
truth: returns an iterator of successors in breadth-first-search from source . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   crud

test:  insert a header line into a network line .
truth: insert the header in the representation . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  tests socket .
truth: tests socket . 
test:  socket   socket
truth:  socket   socket

test:  get the hardware address on unix using ctypes .
truth: get the hardware address on unix using ctypes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all instances belonging to a join .
truth: get all instances . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  depth first search wrapper around path starting with search .
truth: depth first search returns a list of nodes "findable" from s . 
test:  is   null
truth:  depth   depth

test:  return the data for the cinder .
truth: changes the info inside a minions cachedir entry . 
test:  replace   change
truth:  changes   changes

test:  return a list of matching the wanna .
truth: get a list of projects that the user said . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes string to utf-8 and make sure it can be embedded as unicode .
truth: returns the given string as a python byte string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch the current module to a locate .
truth: determines the module/package from which this function is called . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  determines   null

test:  stop the home assistant server .
truth: stop geoserver . 
test:  stop   definition
truth:  stop   stop

test:  check position for a payload based on the current position in a => way .
truth: if input points to ( or { or [ or < . 
test:  if   input
truth:  input   input

test:  given a uri .
truth: given a location . 
test:  given   return
truth:  given   a

test:  add orbits with the extruder off .
truth: add orbits with the extruder off if the orbits are large enough . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   orbits

test:  stop the pid by sending the pid to send .
truth: stop a service using a pidfile . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  blocks a reference to the service .
truth: map services to methods on alarm . 
test:  copies   hook
truth:  map   services

test:  generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries .
truth: generate linker options for searching library directories and linking with specific libraries . 
test:  linker   c
truth:  linker   linker

test:  expand one or more variables to place into a single string .
truth: any argument starting with "@" gets replaced with all values read from a text file . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  null   argument

test:  get true if the user is a url .
truth: check if a url is really a url via dns . 
test:  if   display
truth:  if   check

test:  returns command name for auto-correct .
truth: command name auto-correct . 
test:  return   name
truth:  name   name

test:  resource headers for component views .
truth: org custom resource headers . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  null   custom

test:  function_definition : declarator declaration_list compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator declaration_list compound_statement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  check localization in line .
truth: check localization in line . 
test:  check   localization
truth:  check   localization

test:  proxy for the current request .
truth: get the currently active theme object . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the current hello hello .
truth: get the intialization variables see importing for explanation of arguments and introduction for introduction . 
test:  return   page
truth:  get   get

test:  parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 .
truth: parse lists as described by rfc 2068 section 2 . 
test:  convert   parse
truth:  lists   lists

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree walk with callback function . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  utility method to extract information from the test failed .
truth: given an instance query . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  required method to auto register this checker .
truth: required method to auto register this checker . 
test:  required   method
truth:  required   method

test:  copied from containerbroker before the x_container_sync_point[12] columns were added; used for testing with testcontainerbrokerbeforespi .
truth: copied from swift . 
test:  copied   null
truth:  copied   null

test:  i have sent an email with the sent number .
truth: i have not sent any emails . 
test:  cast   step
truth:  have   i

test:  return a regular expression string which will be used with a non-html level .
truth: find_words -> list of tuples find all the keys in the trie that match full words in the string . 
test:  return   find
truth:  null   null

test:  sanitize the hostname for testing .
truth: return a hostname which conforms to rfc-952 and rfc-1123 specs . 
test:  convert   whitespace
truth:  return   a

test:  loads all modules with name modname from all modules and returns a dict mapping modules with name convert_newlines() .
truth: loads all modules with name modname from all installed apps . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  converts a dictionary of parameters into a python dict .
truth: this function parses the query string and returns the parameters as a dictionary . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  function   function

test:  this decorator wraps a function to catch any exceptions that may contain the import/export .
truth: log exceptions and aborts . 
test:  to   null
truth:  log   exceptions

test:  print a given traceback and returns a given string .
truth: print an exception with its full traceback . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  print   print

test:  coach students markers along with coach .
truth: manage the enrollment of individual students in a ccx . 
test:  to   access
truth:  manage   null

test:  mangle the type for a type by type .
truth: mangle numba type . 
test:  null   sequence
truth:  mangle   numba

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial remainder of f and g . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  returns a list of all apps listing .
truth: get apps listed in frappe/data/app_listing/ . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   apps

test:  ensure that the keystone endpoint is absent .
truth: ensure that the endpoint for a service doesnt exist in keystone catalog name the name of the service whose endpoints should not exist . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  send a message to hipchat server .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  validate metadata for a eip file and validates metadata .
truth: ensures that gradient variable is indeed present and real-valued if not . 
test:  extracts   metadata
truth:  ensures   null

test:  decorator to use a reader .
truth: decorator to use a reader db context manager . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  plots metrics for a list of metrics .
truth: plot the results by metric . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  get list of students students per user .
truth: given a course_id . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  given   a

test:  encode a string for singing .
truth: convert the text to a char-like mysql command . 
test:  is   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieve a list of files from the given service .
truth: fetches the name of the zookeeper service on a given machine . 
test:  create   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  download a new opening and only if the watch statement calls it .
truth: run the given command only if the watch statement calls it . 
test:  download   a
truth:  run   run

test:  generates a random number of the specified bytes .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  erfinv for the hessian error .
truth: approximation of the inverse error function url #approximation_with_elementary_functions . 
test:  arrays   neighbor
truth:  null   approximation

test:  impulse response of continuous-time system .
truth: impulse response of a single-input . 
test:  null   response
truth:  null   response

test:  learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object .
truth: learns what headers to take into account for some request path from the response object . 
test:  learns   null
truth:  learns   null

test:  list locks on this system .
truth: list current package locks . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   current

test:  creates a sqlalchemy field for the specified query .
truth: help function for sqla filters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a folder file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  load a plugin names from the given plugin .
truth: generate a unique name for a plugin based on the class name module name and path . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  generate   a

test:  tokenize a json object .
truth: returns all the words in a repo entry . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle that only true if deployed != the checksum .
truth: handle cases with trailing and leading wildcards . 
test:  if   matching
truth:  handle   cases

test:  renders a form for jinja2 .
truth: renders forms in jinja2 takes a form and renders the appropriate elements . 
test:  null   current
truth:  forms   forms

test:  avoid duplicating .
truth: avoid duplicating page param in pagination . 
test:  if   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  retrieve the set of single course enrollment for the given course .
truth: helper function to get the enrollment domain set for a course with id course_id . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get filename with given path .
truth: cross-platform filename extraction from path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  attempt to cnames all the local memory for the specified device id .
truth: args data: scalar input for tid temp: shared memory for temporary work . 
test:  null   args
truth:  null   args

test:  return the path where wed is installed in dist .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  see   link
truth:  get   get

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds the vmdk spec spec .
truth: builds the rdm virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  features should extract the first scenario from the scenario .
truth: a feature object should be able to find the tags belonging to the first scenario . 
test:  given   stage
truth:  null   feature

test:  format data with a random string .
truth: convert raw data from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  join   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the long path from a string path if it isnt a long string .
truth: use windows getlongpathnamew via ctypes to get the canonical . 
test:  extract   return
truth:  use   windows

test:  returns a dictionary mapping paths to the paths of the paths .
truth: check if two paths are equivalent . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  get a network on the cluster .
truth: gets reference to the network whose name is passed as the argument . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   reference

test:  make sure get_user() fails .
truth: test with a template which does not exist . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  get a metadef property or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a metadef properties list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  this function is run by all tests .
truth: raises pytest . 
test:  make   test
truth:  raises   null

test:  renders a jinja environment with a jinja environment .
truth: evaluate conda recipe as a jinja template . 
test:  render   a
truth:  evaluate   conda

test:  converts all unicode keys of a dict to a dict of unicode keys .
truth: converts a dict of unicode keys into a dict of ascii keys . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  update an sensor file .
truth: get path to local copy of visual_92_categories dataset . 
test:  download   patches
truth:  get   path

test:  given an integer .
truth: if an integer begins at the specified position in the given string . 
test:  read   sample
truth:  if   null

test:  confirmation view for "comment .
truth: confirmation view generator for the "comment was posted/flagged/deleted/approved" views . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  returns a slice of the list .
truth: returns a slice of the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  version of :func:imp .
truth: version of :func:imp . 
test:  find   module
truth:  null   version

test:  fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all security groups for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  fetches   a

test:  creates a service that will create a new service in a tenant .
truth: create a nvp layer-2 network gateway service . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  change primary email address .
truth: change primary email address . 
test:  displays   event
truth:  change   primary

test:  make a value that a value from a probability distribution .
truth: joint distribution of values from pmf1 and pmf2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   distribution

test:  formats the exception data to make sure the http request is the resource api .
truth: consistent formatting for exceptions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return the current transport .
truth: provides the grammatical tense for a given deprecated version vs the current version . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  discover a list of files for a given file .
truth: discovers all files with certain extension in given paths . 
test:  mask   list
truth:  null   null

test:  plot error band .
truth: plot translucent error bands around the central tendancy . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  broadcast a list of terms to get the list of terms .
truth: reduces a set of minterms . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  reduces   a

test:  entry point for the application script .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  point   program
truth:  display   display

test:  fetch all volumes belonging to a generic group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  deconstructs or continue the current session to the device .
truth: archive the microsite on an update operation . 
test:  to   null
truth:  archive   archive

test:  strict -> integer convert positive integer to positive integer .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  cast   a

test:  returns the list of api calls for the specified user .
truth: returns the api rate limit for the highest limit . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restore a server .
truth: restore a soft-deleted server . 
test:  count   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  create a client for a running backend .
truth: get a cdot api client for a specific backend . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  create a dataframe from a dataframe parameters object : pandas .
truth: computes a deterministic index mapping each record to a partition . 
test:  fetches   build
truth:  computes   a

test:  given a request and an integer .
truth: get and delete all messages for current session . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  get   get

test:  function to parse an email .
truth: sends an email to to_email with a message containing msg . 
test:  email   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  checks if a vlanid is in use .
truth: checks if a vlanid is in use . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  replaces space character ( ) with plus (+) notes: * is this any useful? the plus gets url-encoded by sqlmap engine invalidating the query afterwards * this any character works
truth: replaces space character ( ) with comments /**/ tested against: * microsoft sql server 2005 * mysql 4 . 
test:  replaces   space
truth:  replaces   space

test:  initialize any character with the given quoted-printable .
truth: lazy importing to avoid circular import issues . 
test:  to   null
truth:  importing   null

test:  retrieve the login url for the given provider .
truth: gets the login url for the endpoint that kicks off auth with a provider . 
test:  to   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  truncate a raid maps maps to a different fields .
truth: truncates old_value and new_value for analytics event emission if necessary . 
test:  shortens   a
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the product of an array along given axes . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  element-wise equality .
truth: transposes a tensor and returns it . 
test:  null   source
truth:  transposes   a

test:  puts() should print unicode output without user .
truth: puts() should print input to sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display whether the vim window used by the finder .
truth: display command-t finder name requires $command_t . 
test:  display   path
truth:  display   display

test:  return a string with all words in a string .
truth: returns a -tuple . 
test:  truncate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  decorator to indicate that the request is a middleware of the api calls to the api .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every request . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  fab -h username@host applications .
truth: fab -h username@host retrieve:appname . 
test:  read   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a bound to the integer .
truth: return a random int in the range [0 . 
test:  null   place
truth:  return   a

test:  get the integer indexes x by the bearing .
truth: get the bearing center x list . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create country codes for user with attached and tk .
truth: create country_codes vocab and tags . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the ring of a graph .
truth: defines a "ring of cliques" graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  defines   a

test:  return a dict with the current status code and the optional title .
truth: redirects to /message?id=random similar to respond_as_web_page . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  to   redirects

test:  returns a recipient message .
truth: send a message to an xmpp recipient . 
test:  send   message
truth:  send   a

test:  add a path to the graph g .
truth: add a path to the graph g . 
test:  add   utility
truth:  add   a

test:  return eigenvalues of the first eigenvalues of each cpu in a .
truth: shorthand for product between several dots . 
test:  compute   equivalent
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  this view sends the resolved with invoice that returns the invoice as invoice string .
truth: download invoice pdf . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   download

test:  construct a bpm instance with the given configuration .
truth: creates a backend plugin manager from a given config . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse the command line and return a dictionary .
truth: split and strip and discard empties . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return a list of all state names and their state modules .
truth: view package state from the opkg database return the state of pkg . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  package   package

test:  replaces python string with symbols for cpu elements .
truth: replaces <br> tags with :: . 
test:  replaces   return
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns a ccx string of the course id .
truth: remove any reference to a ccx from the incoming value return a tuple of the stripped value and the id of the ccx . 
test:  to   function
truth:  remove   remove

test:  apply a new timezone to a datetime object .
truth: generating a datetime aware or naive depending of use_tz . 
test:  provides   a
truth:  generating   a

test:  calculate md5sum of an md5 hash .
truth: calculate the md5 checksum of a file-like object without reading its whole content in memory . 
test:  calculate   md5sum
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  return a nxm nxm nxm instance for a given name .
truth: make a simple nxm entry class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   a

test:  associate given tenant specs to specific qos type .
truth: associate volume type from specified qos specs . 
test:  associate   volume
truth:  associate   volume

test:  convert spherical for spherical elevation .
truth: convert from cartesian coordinates to spherical . 
test:  convert   sphere
truth:  convert   convert

test:  decodes input_bytes to ascii characters .
truth: change unicode characters in a string to ascii if possible . 
test:  simplified   json
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  register a new page to the source .
truth: calls the shots . 
test:  register   pelican
truth:  calls   calls

test:  parse a string argument into an integer .
truth: parse the 150 response for a retr request . 
test:  parses   format
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parses a cost equation .
truth: parses a cost equation . 
test:  parses   utility
truth:  parses   a

test:  test freezing a git repository clone with a git repository .
truth: test freezing a git clone where setup . 
test:  shared   test
truth:  freezing   test

test:  check different transforms transforms .
truth: ensure that transforming from a skycoord with no frame provided works like icrs . 
test:  wraps   file
truth:  ensure   null

test:  adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given httprequest .
truth: adds the "x-object-type" and "x-object-id" headers to the given httpresponse according to the given model and object_id -- but only if the given httprequest object has an ip address within the internal_ips setting or if the request is from a logged in staff member . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  alternative implementation of the structure as a function decorator for finding formats .
truth: least-squares temporal difference algorithm . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  create a new vocabulary with the given parent with the given parent .
truth: create load_factor children within the given parent; recursively call to insert children when appropriate . 
test:  create   use
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a node that links to the given vm error .
truth: returns a node that links to an errors documentation . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of web files that can be used by a page .
truth: utility for parse_folder() gets all files from a url by parsing the directory and all subdirectories looking for image files returns . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  retrieve the url from the database .
truth: get namespace is namespace is defined otherwise return all namespaces . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   namespace

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the wxpython mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run using the select() reactor . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  rate for a comment with post .
truth: dispatches the comment action according to the http verb . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  dispatches   null

test:  the main test function .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  module   backend
truth:  test   test

test:  install or create a role with the config/cloned folders .
truth: install the plugin . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   install

test:  determines whether the value should be retried .
truth: compile option value . 
test:  input   value
truth:  compile   option

test:  get geometryoutput manipulated by the standard error .
truth: get solid output by connection . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   get

test:  read a accesses encoded text from the ipv4 needed .
truth: extract information from a teredo address . 
test:  returns   tuple
truth:  extract   information

test:  return the vms vm object .
truth: retrieve a vm based on the id . 
test:  returns   proxmox
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return the absolute path to a resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure the doctest for a doctest .
truth: ensure that an object gets doctested . 
test:  float   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  match a specific node cli example: .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a method that takes one argument and returns a method with its method .
truth: returns a method that takes one argument and calls the method named prefix+arg . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  search for google link to the google api .
truth: fetch lyrics from google search results . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   lyrics

test:  remove any files in a list .
truth: remove all files whose extension matches the cleanup list . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  add pixels to the pixel table with steepness .
truth: add pixel to the pixel table . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   pixel

test:  fixes all python records from the ssl frame .
truth: try to fix the filenames in each record from inspect . 
test:  fix   lines
truth:  to   try

test:  determine whether a disk is a set of power .
truth: suspend the system to disk . 
test:  suspend   null
truth:  suspend   suspend

test:  a view that redirects all requests to the get view .
truth: a view that redirects all requests to the get view . 
test:  format   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get subitems of media descriptor object .
truth: get subitems of media descriptor object . 
test:  get   subitems
truth:  get   subitems

test:  convert a base64 encoded string to a native string .
truth: decode a raw base64 string . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  check if community was renamed .
truth: returns the default values of a community . 
test:  null   override
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update collections immediately .
truth: update collections downloads totals . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  update   collections

test:  returns true if the given name is a rolls .
truth: determine if the lock of the given name is held or not . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a nibble hex encoding method .
truth: double nibble hex encoding method . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a client for working with cloud networks .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud networks . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  ask for operation with an error message .
truth: ask a question . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   a

test:  matrix trace .
truth: trace of a matrix . 
test:  emulate   checking
truth:  trace   trace

test:  same as test_url_req_case_mismatch_file_index .
truth: test that required parameters are consumed and appropriate output is generated . 
test:  input   null
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the index key for given key .
truth: returns the index key from params . 
test:  is   calls
truth:  returns   returns

test:  escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files .
truth: escape the given string so that it can be included in double-quoted strings in po files . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   escape

test:  validates if a loop is a list of links .
truth: check if item not an ancestor . 
test:  if   result
truth:  if   check

test:  run a process .
truth: returns the performance analysis of the given python function . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert digest to long .
truth: convert digest to a list of four 32-bits words . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   digest

test:  calculate the remaining date for a start and a utc relative to the range .
truth: calculate the remaining time for a start date and a timedelta . 
test:  null   one
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  classify float sequences of length data using a single layer regression .
truth: classify random float vectors into 2 classes with logistic regression using 2 layer neural network with relu hidden units . 
test:  float   null
truth:  classify   null

test:  parse a source file .
truth: parse the source into an ast node . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  converts a dictionary to a json dictionary .
truth: converts a list of dicts from datamodel query results to google chart json data . 
test:  converts   data
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns a namespace .
truth: returns the stacklevel value for warnings . 
test:  return   load
truth:  returns   returns

test:  builds the create spec spec .
truth: builds the virtual disk create spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  return a set of the container agent for which the container is enabled .
truth: ensure the container agent is enabled/disabled as specified . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the number of bits bits as a 32 point .
truth: get specified bits from integer . 
test:  get   get
truth:  specified   get

test:  compatibility wrapper for :func:gettext .
truth: remove specific facl from the specified file(s) cli examples: . 
test:  create   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  this function will build the 2d 2d convolution with a mini-batch of a convolution class .
truth: atrous 2d convolution . 
test:  using   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple decorator that logs the creation_time and create a new .
truth: do not call this directly this adds a few "harmless" monkeypatches which make it easier to debug failing tests . 
test:  creates   service
truth:  do   null

test:  parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to a hungarian 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test cube function .
truth: test cube function . 
test:  test   attempt
truth:  test   cube

test:  reads one or more attachments to a user .
truth: run the main application . 
test:  point   null
truth:  run   run

test:  test mne info .
truth: test mne show_info . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mne

test:  return the old database object .
truth: checks if vtk uses the old-style pipeline . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  packs a datetime-typed property into a entity_pb .
truth: packs a float property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  returns the type of the type specified in the depth-first len .
truth: return the number of register needed by the type . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  helper parse the actual response to check if the response is present .
truth: parse the response sent by the lti consumer after an score update message has been processed . 
test:  check   return
truth:  parse   parse

test:  process the application and return a tuple with the given error .
truth: converts an apiproxy . 
test:  error   apply
truth:  converts   converts

test:  calculate a list of unique symbol for each symbol .
truth: calculate which symbols can be emitted in each state . 
test:  include   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  cache a simple sole function for a permission to cache .
truth: caching for permissions check . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  factory to create a control on a loopback .
truth: create a control service and a client connected to it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return a class suitable for use in various arguments .
truth: convert the argument into a list of id-compatible strings and return it . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extract the _mantissa bits from a double-precision floating point value .
truth: determine whether the mantissa bits of the given double are all zero . 
test:  source   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  recursively walk all files in the given pattern .
truth: recursively finds files matching glob pattern under directory . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  test a line option .
truth: another simple line test . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  insert the dictionary to empty files in the list command .
truth: adds an empty vol to the phase difference image . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  should i determine if a stage should be retried .
truth: inform the user that a file contains merge conflicts return true if we should stage the path nonetheless . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  inform   null

test:  converts the db property for the database .
truth: converts db . 
test:  db   lists
truth:  db   db

test:  test that a splitter option works as list .
truth: test to make sure that htmlsplitter correctly inputs lines of type soupstring to return a generator that gives all header and data elements . 
test:  string   jedi
truth:  to   test

test:  returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems .
truth: returns aliased to common marketing names used for some systems . 
test:  aliased   returns
truth:  aliased   returns

test:  returns a list with all positive components .
truth: returns the percentage of negative cases correctly classified as negative . 
test:  see   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts spherical coordinates to cartesian .
truth: converts spherical polar coordinates to rectangular cartesian coordinates . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if there is a field for the given field .
truth: returns true if the model has the specified field or if it has a settable hybrid property for this field name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a toplevel widget .
truth: create a toplevel widget . 
test:  converts   role
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  tests that the in-db units after the tests are marked as changed .
truth: tests that any update saves changed units only . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  create a new compiler to use in the compiler module .
truth: generate an instance of some ccompiler subclass for the supplied platform/compiler combination . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  update users from subscription to the update .
truth: moves subscription from old_node to new_node . 
test:  move   arrays
truth:  moves   subscription

test:  open a new host and return the selected host .
truth: private method that performs the actual connect and returns a connected service instance object . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   method

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete an existing zone cli example: . 
test:  delete   restart
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test dpsswavelet test .
truth: test dpss tapers . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all gradients .
truth: calculate the average gradient for each shared variable across all towers . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  reads all the config file and returns a dictionary of the settings .
truth: read both user configuration and local configuration . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  read   read

test:  compatibility multiple monkeypatches only .
truth: multiple inheritance from two types in the same hierarchy should work . 
test:  create   parser
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  returns the registry cache directory .
truth: return the pickled registry cache filename . 
test:  is   cache
truth:  return   return

test:  update the remotes on the local system .
truth: execute a git fetch on all of the repos . 
test:  update   updates
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns expired sessions .
truth: returns list of expired sessions . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  list   list

test:  make a tag that instantiates the given tag .
truth: a decorator for tagging a test class or test method with the given tag string tag: test tag string comment: reason for the tag; string; optional examples: @tagtest class clustertests: def testswarmwithaggregation: pass def testswarmwithoutaggregation: pass or class misctests: def testoneplusone: pass @tagtest def testswarm: pass . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  split a packet into parts: tokens .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  solve the undetermined of a single variable using the embedding of the given expression .
truth: solve equation of a type p == q(x) where both p . 
test:  represent   in
truth:  solve   equation

test:  remove headers from response .
truth: removes the given headers from the response using the header_control middleware . 
test:  url   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  simulate a function to convert net to fractions .
truth: simulate a function that returns network bandwidth . 
test:  get   alternative
truth:  simulate   a

test:  merges the merge into a merge .
truth: given a commit that was merged into the given branch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the profile model instance .
truth: return the model class for the currently-active user profile model . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  you can test a logging regular expression .
truth: test logging context manager . 
test:  test   use
truth:  logging   logging

test:  periodogram for a periodogram .
truth: returns the periodogram for the natural frequency of x parameters x : array-like array for which the periodogram is desired . 
test:  return   entropy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dumps a file to disk .
truth: i replace the text oldstr with newstr in filename using science . 
test:  input   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  add the specified group cli example: .
truth: delete a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  block   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  send a message to a specific topic .
truth: hold election . 
test:  boolean   null
truth:  hold   hold

test:  should not change python virtualenv .
truth: test python virtualenv creation . 
test:  if   test
truth:  test   python

test:  uninstall the system cli example: .
truth: uninstall the current product key cli example: . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  uninstall   uninstall

test:  asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed .
truth: asserts whether all headers have been successfully parsed . 
test:  asserts   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  compute a as a lu matrix for a specified distribution .
truth: compute the inverse of a sparse matrix parameters a : ndarray or sparse matrix square matrix to be inverted returns ainv : ndarray or sparse matrix inverse of a notes this computes the sparse inverse of a . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the number of bits that fall the each task in the start of each line .
truth: determines number of subtasks that would be generated by _generate_items_for_subtask . 
test:  gets   number
truth:  determines   number

test:  retrieve email messages from current database instance .
truth: gets provider from message about social account already in use . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  gets   provider

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  a decorator used to mark a method for :class:version .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for detail requests . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  change the source to the libtree stream .
truth: generates a filesystem-like directory tree for the files contained in lib . 
test:  declare   get
truth:  generates   a

test:  given a user .
truth: get next batch of users that are registered . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  get   get

test:  stop the gui .
truth: returns variables but with zero gradient with respect to every other variables . 
test:  stop   init
truth:  returns   variables

test:  get all db ips .
truth: returns a list of database machines . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  checks if the common ca file exists .
truth: verify whether a certificate authority already exists ca_name name of the ca cacert_path absolute path to ca certificates root directory ca_filename alternative filename for the ca . 
test:  package   checks
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns the linkage that results for the weighted credit credit .
truth: checks for correspondence between linkage and condensed distance matrices they must have the same number of original observations for the check to succeed . 
test:  deprecated   returns
truth:  checks   checks

test:  function to return the rank of a numpy array .
truth: take a 2d array and return the 0-indexed sorted position of each element in the array for each row . 
test:  return   return
truth:  take   a

test:  sets the networks for the specified vm .
truth: sets the key to the vale . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  helper function to add an array of scalars slices parameters relative if its not in the parent parent variable variable returns the appropriate root observations observations assigned to every element
truth: add a smaller array at a given position in a larger array . 
test:  given   chunks
truth:  add   a

test:  convert index to key .
truth: convert index to key . 
test:  index   index
truth:  index   index

test:  return a list of lines .
truth: splits a line of text into tokens . 
test:  return   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  add title and title information on title and destroys the title .
truth: check if this was an apphook . 
test:  outline   delete
truth:  if   check

test:  list all of the data search for a named host .
truth: list defined containers for the named host(s) . 
test:  list   list
truth:  defined   list

test:  equation: color .
truth: convert a command line colour value to a rgb triple of integers . 
test:  returns   color
truth:  convert   a

test:  decorate a remote method with this 2 .
truth: a decorator for datastorestub methods that require or affect indexes . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verifies that the username exists on the specified user .
truth: verified whether username is still free . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  verified   null

test:  this is called just a function .
truth: this is for the osrget[angular|linear]units functions . 
test:  check   check
truth:  is   null

test:  for equality that this equals stripped .
truth: scipy t_two_sample . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   scipy

test:  returns encodings from given content string .
truth: returns encodings from given content string . 
test:  returns   encoding
truth:  returns   encodings

test:  shows the version of a deprecated version .
truth: indicates that a function is deprecated and has a new name . 
test:  is   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  indicates which post sensitive used in the decorated view are sensitive .
truth: indicates which post parameters used in the decorated view are sensitive . 
test:  indicates   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  return integer i from assembly .
truth: returns range of values used in limit/offset constructs . 
test:  clip   integer
truth:  returns   range

test:  change the uid for a named user cli example: .
truth: change the uid for a named user cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  return the current date .
truth: returns current local or utc time with an optional increment . 
test:  time   time
truth:  returns   current

test:  converts a penn tag to a universal tag .
truth: converts a wotan tag to a universal tag . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete the cors cors from the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors configuration was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors configuration was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if
truth: delete the cors configuration for the given bucket returns {deleted: true} if cors was deleted and returns {deleted: false} if cors was not deleted . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  providing no value for step forbids calling __delslice__ .
truth: providing no value for step forbids calling __setslice__ . 
test:  providing   no
truth:  providing   no

test:  creates geometryoutput configuration for the points .
truth: equate the points . 
test:  get   translate
truth:  equate   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary by arguments . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  normalize whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  register a custom widgets instance .
truth: register an administration widget . 
test:  widget   class
truth:  register   register

test:  regression test for url .
truth: there should be only one definition result if it leads back to the same origin . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  set or change the field for the client .
truth: sets the field named field_name of java_object to value . 
test:  handles   property
truth:  sets   sets

test:  renders a template with a template .
truth: render the given jinja2 template text in the script context . 
test:  renders   html
truth:  render   render

test:  convert x to an object .
truth: cast iterable x to a sequence . 
test:  return   x
truth:  cast   iterable

test:  validate a string from a string of tool matches the string name .
truth: takes a string and returns a corresponding tool instance . 
test:  download   multiple
truth:  takes   a

test:  return a dict with the json encoded document .
truth: helper function: given a document . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  null   helper

test:  upload a summary of conversion to a store .
truth: upload executive summary html file using reportstore . 
test:  upload   data
truth:  upload   executive

test:  creates a file descriptor .
truth: unzip the file . 
test:  pull   scan
truth:  unzip   null

test:  a mock wrapper to create a mock .
truth: mock "open" function in a simple way . 
test:  null   a
truth:  mock   mock

test:  verify that the type attribute on the class name is called .
truth: assigning to a property through the class should replace the property in the class dictionary . 
test:  sets   tests
truth:  to   null

test:  checks that the major version is available .
truth: checks major part of apiversion obj is supported . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  deletes a workflow that matches specific aware query .
truth: stack query helper that accounts for contexts show_deleted field . 
test:  make   read
truth:  query   query

test:  create symmetrical log locator with key-value pairs using default log modules .
truth: create log locator with default value . 
test:  create   null
truth:  log   log

test:  computes the dw matrix from a graph .
truth: returns the diagonal and weight matrices of a graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate the configuration and return a nmap scanner .
truth: validate the configuration and return a cisco scanner . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  write a list of responses to the system .
truth: lists commit objects in reverse chronological order . 
test:  list   list
truth:  commit   commit

test:  get vector3 vertexes from an indexed mesh .
truth: get triangle mesh from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   triangle

test:  return the path to the icon for a given resource .
truth: return the main application icon . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  read count 32-bit floats using the plain encoding .
truth: read count 64-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  computes the logical operator for an other thread .
truth: a synonym for the :meth: . 
test:  null   synonym
truth:  null   synonym

test:  print a list of dns for a domain .
truth: list current dns entries for domain and ip or domain and name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   current

test:  given a report name and name .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tests that we can train a script and train it for a few network .
truth: test smaller version of convolutional_network . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  formats a single option to a human readable form .
truth: return the user inputs value from a compiled value . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if pyvmomi is installed .
truth: only load if the whoosh libs are available . 
test:  return   load
truth:  load   load

test:  validate that value is non .
truth: validate that value is a positive integer or 0 . 
test:  validate   verifies
truth:  validate   validate

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the first kind . 
test:  compute   cylinder
truth:  function   function

test:  parse a media-range into its component parts .
truth: parse a media-range into its component parts . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  common code to change a gecos gecos .
truth: common code to change a users gecos information . 
test:  update   change
truth:  code   code

test:  setup the qos scanner .
truth: setup the mqtt tracker . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  format the password for the history .
truth: insures that the password is not too similar to a defined set of dictionary words . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  insures   null

test:  sends a livestreamer object .
truth: interrupting program until pressed any key . 
test:  to   run
truth:  null   program

test:  return the country time code .
truth: returns a sorted list of time zones commonly used in given country or list of all time zones . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the output of the same doctest .
truth: return true if the two paths are in the same gpfs file system . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  check that timeit is timeit .
truth: test wether timeit -o return object . 
test:  get   test
truth:  test   wether

test:  serializes serializes points to contact .
truth: encodes a list of points into a polyline string . 
test:  encode   network
truth:  encodes   a

test:  return true if the job is exists cli example: .
truth: return true is job is deleted successfully . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create all folders .
truth: create directories . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   directories

test:  build sdists returns a tarball of sdist .
truth: build sdists returns the path to the tarball . 
test:  build   sdists
truth:  build   sdists

test:  get all attachment .
truth: retrieve all attachment records with filter and pagination options . 
test:  get   generator
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return the cumulative distribution function .
truth: helper function returning the cartesian distance between p1 and p2 . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get shared items for given user .
truth: get list of shared document names for given user and doctype . 
test:  loads   attempts
truth:  list   list

test:  removes our test defined by removing all tags from the current value .
truth: clean up the test name for display . 
test:  iterate   remove
truth:  clean   up

test:  make an array with the given type and regenerate .
truth: build a view over the given array with the given parameters . 
test:  make   context
truth:  build   a

test:  when forwarding is run with specific page .
truth: checks page title slugs for duplicity if required . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   page

test:  return a copy of the leading coefficient with its type .
truth: create a new copy of a polynomial f in k[x] . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator that allow authentication to be used .
truth: decorator for ensuring rest client is authenticated or will doing it before execute the command . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  for virt only .
truth: the default bridge for all virtual interfaces under this profile . 
test:  run   virt
truth:  default   default

test:  finds all variables in a template .
truth: return a list of template variables found in *code* . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the sample mean squared error .
truth: move the mean of the data matrix into the origin . 
test:  ensures   a
truth:  move   move

test:  power of the matrix of the iid along a separators .
truth: compute variables scale based on the jacobian matrix . 
test:  compute   multivariate
truth:  compute   variables

test:  check that something something fall properly remove from a tensor with a reference when theres no gaps .
truth: evaluates a reference output to make sure the min_informative_str function works as intended . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  evaluates   a

test:  fetches a list of all configured keypair for a tenant cli example: .
truth: return a list of available keypairs cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   try
truth:  expand   expand

test:  decorator which exempts the function from nickname and hostname blocking .
truth: decorator for benchmarks that require a list of root children . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inject custom aws commands to aws .
truth: called when the cloudformation command table is being built . 
test:  null   custom
truth:  called   null

test:  return a smart copy of blockmatrices .
truth: returns a biopython multiple alignment instance . 
test:  align   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generates the list of commonfooter to use for a given messages .
truth: returns the rendered common footer . 
test:  view   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  copy the given document to another function .
truth: copy a docstring from another source function . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   a

test:  test that imageidfield fails .
truth: sbd tests from pragmatic segmenter . 
test:  pootle   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web .
truth: updates a flup-style wsgiserver with web . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  read a value of titles .
truth: read through titles . 
test:  module   parse
truth:  read   read

test:  escape a value and escape it if it doesnt exist .
truth: returns for a none value else escapes the content useful for form elements . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of points that do not starting with instances" .
truth: find numbers a such that a linear substitution x -> x + a would simplify expr . 
test:  evaluate   compute
truth:  find   numbers

test:  return the output spec for the specified package .
truth: return a python 2 and 3 compatible version of a file spec . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  encode a number with bytes to hex encoding .
truth: encode num as a variable length encoded hexadecimal number . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   num

test:  adds a given single role for a user on a domain .
truth: adds a role for a user on a domain . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  apply sin to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply sin to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   sin
truth:  apply   sin

test:  create a cache security group .
truth: create a cache security group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  extract specialization signature from string .
truth: return the signature for a specialization of a fused type . 
test:  reads   array
truth:  return   return

test:  returns data retrieved from a url .
truth: returns data retrieved from a url . 
test:  returns   data
truth:  returns   data

test:  called prior to building the site .
truth: called prior to building the site . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  aux function to return a dictionary of data from each string of link-local pairs .
truth: loads mr polarity data from files . 
test:  return   list
truth:  loads   mr

test:  compute the similarity string between two compat .
truth: this implements a "cosine-similarity" algorithm as described for example in *proceedings of the 22nd international conference on computation linguistics* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  implements   implements

test:  return a default timestamp for the given range .
truth: create the query document to find timestamps within that range . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir .
truth: return an uninterpolated path relative to $pybasedir . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the value of the client identified by the given configuration .
truth: return libdnet/scapy device name for given pypcap device name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  compute all metrics in the section .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  provide   data

test:  json serializer that deals with dates .
truth: json serializer that deals with dates . 
test:  null   serializer
truth:  null   serializer

test:  skip a fixed64 value .
truth: skip a length-delimited value . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  callback for a callback to append a json object .
truth: callback to parse json and append it to a list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   callback

test:  returns a list of table names in the current database .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  build a navigation navigation with a validations for example .
truth: build a set of menu items . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   a

test:  docstring for main .
truth: docstring for main . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  upgrade all packages via specified package check to install .
truth: run pkg upgrade . 
test:  upgrade   upgrades
truth:  run   pkg

test:  a view that tests a simple form .
truth: a view that tests a simple form . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  clean up a filename and return a dict with the given name .
truth: github url sanitizes gist filenames to produce their permalink . 
test:  clean   a
truth:  url   url

test:  add a box to the margin with the margin and the margin .
truth: surround ax with offsetboxes . 
test:  handle   plot
truth:  surround   ax

test:  cast to a remote method .
truth: cast to all consumers of a topic . 
test:  to   cast
truth:  to   cast

test:  test whether the element of the whole list matches the given list of expected values .
truth: asserts that the mask of arr is effectively the same as expected_mask . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return cpuid information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   acpi_tables
truth:  return   return

test:  takes color(s) and applies them on particular color .
truth: takes color(s) and a function and applies the function on the color(s) in particular . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns a dict of the pid of a given name .
truth: pid_by_name -> int list arguments: name : name of program . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  safely remove a path .
truth: safely remove a path . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  validates the specified interface .
truth: lookup the validation function for a [addrfam][attr] and return the results . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  perform the input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   null
truth:  input   input

test:  only load if the dockerio execution module is available .
truth: only load if the redis module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: person controller for addpersonwidget . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  update entry .
truth: update entry . 
test:  update   entry
truth:  update   entry

test:  given a name .
truth: takes a specific header name and a dict of headers {"name": "value"} . 
test:  find   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  replace the sequence of tuples with mydict tuples .
truth: simplify a multiplication tree . 
test:  select   a
truth:  simplify   a

test:  creates a string text with the contents of the text to repeat .
truth: return text with last lines indentation fixed . 
test:  source   text
truth:  text   text

test:  converts a vif model to a network .
truth: converts standard vif_model types to the internal vmware ones . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   standard

test:  greatest common divisor algorithm returns a and b .
truth: greatest common divisor of a and b using euclids algorithm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  tickets the list of user to bulk page .
truth: apply action to selected messages . 
test:  project   a
truth:  apply   action

test:  validate the power of a power or raise an exception if there is no other types .
truth: check if a power management type is valid . 
test:  value   power
truth:  if   check

test:  iterate over the parts of a particular type .
truth: run the given callables one after the other . 
test:  to   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns qual stats object for a given position .
truth: generates bins of averages . 
test:  compare   window
truth:  bins   bins

test:  finds the first biggest tree in the tree for the given root .
truth: finds the largest node in the tree . 
test:  find   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  maps a set of existing license ids .
truth: returns [ . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up tasks .
truth: setup worker related optimizations . 
test:  install   logger
truth:  setup   worker

test:  compare two precision and version strings .
truth: compare two votable version identifiers . 
test:  compare   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return an arbitrary string which is the arbitrary of the given element .
truth: returns an arbitrary element of iterable without removing it . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return name of a form name from a form .
truth: get the name of the node for example . 
test:  returns   email
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure an apache site is enabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is enabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fixture that provides a fixture for tests .
truth: create a mock of a keyconfiguration and register it into objreg . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a boolean of whether the value is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is less than the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  do not match the covariance of x .
truth: like assert_all_finite . 
test:  check   null
truth:  like   like

test:  ensure that the voigt attribute is properly propagated when creating a saturday works for voigt is of parameters .
truth: currently just tests that the model peaks at its origin . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  include all consistency groups matching the filters into a cluster .
truth: include all volumes matching the filters into a cluster . 
test:  include   include
truth:  include   include

test:  test latitude .
truth: test latitude validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   latitude

test:  parses a schema field .
truth: parse a resource fragment into a schema field . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  place a new task object .
truth: method for registering modeladmin or modeladmingroup classes with wagtail . 
test:  register   a
truth:  null   method

test:  iterates over all indices in a list of slices .
truth: group the given integer indices into slices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   group

test:  return an iterator over the names of a target class .
truth: returns the codegen associated with the given object . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  initialise the rainbow .
truth: config key "sample bridges must be defined for the bridge to initialise example format in config . 
test:  function   database
truth:  config   key

test:  load an object bindings .
truth: create a registry object with the defaults key bindings for an input prompt . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  create   a

test:  convert digest to digest .
truth: converts a datetime . 
test:  take   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  this is a helper function for computing the falling .
truth: return the factorial of x to the n falling . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  tests retrieving a single object .
truth: tests deleting an object using the api . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  deleting   tests

test:  given a clsid to a python interface .
truth: get a python module for a clsid given a clsid . 
test:  loads   method
truth:  get   a

test:  checks facet name is not too long and matches facet names pattern .
truth: checks each name in names is a valid field name . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  this function is used if not be sensible if a flash bar http request both the actionexecution of a flash request and not be cleaned by refactoringtool this algorithm when
truth: return a list of the bit indexes that the "key tweak" applies to . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  stop a container container .
truth: stop a running w3af container . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  toggle control register data strobe bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit bit
truth: toggle control register select bit . 
test:  toggle   toggle
truth:  control   control

test:  compute a new 3x3 based on the base64-encoded hash algorithm .
truth: computes the hmac hash of the user secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  wraps a descriptor .
truth: create a property that proxies attribute proxied_attr through the local attribute local_attr . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the path to the file in the local data file .
truth: update path is a string value is a float timestamp is either an int or float . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   path

test:  module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found .
truth: module homepage for non-admin users when no cms content found . 
test:  module   homepage
truth:  module   homepage

test:  create a one-off transfer from amazon s3 to google cloud storage .
truth: create a transfer from the google cloud storage standard class to the nearline storage class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  calls both the http response and a http response .
truth: rewrite the content-length header . 
test:  null   a
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  flatten nested iterators .
truth: flatten nested iterable of . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  nested   null

test:  create a random dataset instance .
truth: given a set of sequences . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   a

test:  returns a returns a list of smart_text for a document_pb .
truth: returns a list of field copied from a document_pb . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure bad setv cant compile invalid setv .
truth: ensure setv handles error cases . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert could component to our trace .
truth: take the component as string or a dict and will construct a tracecomponentdb . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  take   null

test:  compute all connectivity connectivity for a given source .
truth: compute connectivity from triangles and time instants . 
test:  compute   connectivity
truth:  compute   connectivity

test:  plugin registration .
truth: plugin registration . 
test:  to   register
truth:  plugin   registration

test:  return a dictionary with all keys in a dict .
truth: return a data dict with some arbitrary data in it . 
test:  return   spam
truth:  return   a

test:  make verbose with a genome genome .
truth: simple class for calculating fitnesses . 
test:  runs   show
truth:  null   class

test:  deletes a vserver cli example: .
truth: delete a lb vserver cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  compute a establish configuration for a camelcase .
truth: utility function: => h6 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a dict with the data from the minion passed .
truth: if the named function is running return the data associated with it/them . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   null

test:  execute a code to the proxy device .
truth: log in to code review server logs in to the code review server . 
test:  log   action
truth:  log   in

test:  helper function for getting a protobuf .
truth: helper for :meth:pull . 
test:  convert   message
truth:  null   helper

test:  search for a text by a regular expression .
truth: takes a string and searches if the pattern is substring within text . 
test:  search   searches
truth:  takes   a

test:  delete all apps .
truth: clears the user history . 
test:  clear   requests
truth:  clears   null

test:  permanently delete a trashed grid file from plotly .
truth: permanently delete a trashed folder file from plotly . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return the exponential graph .
truth: returns graph number i from the graph atlas . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  returns   graph

test:  adds an argument to the value .
truth: add "*" around user input to generate ls-files pathspecs matches . 
test:  to   releases
truth:  add   add

test:  add the closest removed endpoint to the path .
truth: add the closest removed endpoint to the path . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return a description of markup .
truth: apply html markup to the given description . 
test:  call   attributes
truth:  apply   html

test:  loads the libzmq buffer .
truth: load bundled libzmq if there is one . 
test:  load   load
truth:  bundled   load

test:  display the database version .
truth: print databases current migration level . 
test:  display   network
truth:  print   databases

test:  determine whether a particular value is equal to the nearest point of a .
truth: approx_equal => true|false return true if numbers x and y are approximately equal . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   null

test:  try to textfile .
truth: vectorize text file . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  text   text

test:  parameters count number of blocks for the steps upp this is useful for older of the steps steps .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters count : integer or array_like the number of successes in nobs trials . 
test:  apply   standard
truth:  test   test

test:  convert a julian into a julian .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  sign a blob for use in bytes .
truth: signs a blob . 
test:  make   a
truth:  signs   a

test:  check the style value of the given layer .
truth: if the layer has not change_layer_style permission . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the show iis from the mysql server cli example: .
truth: return the status of a mysql server using the output from the show status query . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a composites line of the same header as :py:func:parsedotval dictionary .
truth: return a composites dictionary . 
test:  parse   return
truth:  return   a

test:  view to filter over a report .
truth: remove a filter on a given field for a report . 
test:  to   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  bitcast a 32-bit integer into a float .
truth: bitcast a float into a 32-bit integer . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  retrieve a container from server if no nginx server is specified .
truth: check if an http server is running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  create a config library for the given library .
truth: cc_library_config section . 
test:  null   config
truth:  null   section

test:  given a list of nulls and a list of nulls frames .
truth: every event has at least three pieces of data associated with it: 1 . 
test:  null   add
truth:  null   event

test:  return a test suite for the test suite .
truth: make a test case for every db connector which can connect . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  print the output of the nest display .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  return   information
truth:  display   ret

test:  low-level implementation of hermite polynomials .
truth: low-level implementation of hermite polynomials . 
test:  null   implementation
truth:  null   implementation

test:  tests the creation of a class with creating and see what happens .
truth: make a type that cannot be constructed and see if __clrtype__ still gets called . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   a

test:  updates a specific service cli example: .
truth: change the profile directory of the user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  change   change

test:  updates all input scaling in the database .
truth: change the lut values in a matplotlib colormap in-place . 
test:  update   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test that a list of strings can be instantiated .
truth: test that sampproxyerror can be instantiated . 
test:  setup   check
truth:  test   test

test:  return the correct type instance .
truth: describe any value as a descriptor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  describe   null

test:  look for classes with a default attribute that are not built .
truth: perform a chained application of getattr on value with the values in attrs . 
test:  value   null
truth:  perform   a

test:  store the specified bank .
truth: store information in a file . 
test:  uses   in
truth:  store   information

test:  calculate a series of distorted box .
truth: generates cropped_image using a one of the bboxes randomly distorted . 
test:  constructs   options
truth:  generates   null

test:  return an email address .
truth: checks for a syntactically valid email address . 
test:  split   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  adds a package name to be package .
truth: add a package to a dict of installed packages . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  add   a

test:  json handler for serializable of serializable .
truth: serialize non-serializable data for json . 
test:  null   obj
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  a custom request type .
truth: temporary backward compatibility alias for method . 
test:  mock   null
truth:  null   temporary

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: run the aws command line tool with the supplied subcommand args and the supplied aws_config as environment variables . 
test:  to   a
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the given name is a uri .
truth: checks whether the name is a uri or not . 
test:  return   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only return if python-etcd is installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a pointer with the data .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  decode a data and deserializes it .
truth: decrypts and decodes data using key . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decrypts   null

test:  setup the available co2 sensor .
truth: set up the available pm sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  return shared information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return shared_memory information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   memory_map
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the display spec .
truth: convert a display specification into an actual display object . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieves the network device .
truth: this function finds and returns the get_notepad_pages() based on the configuration . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  roll back any ongoing transactions and clean the dirty flag .
truth: resets a dirty flag for the current thread and code streak . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  resets   a

test:  wrapper for sending macros .
truth: create a complete latex document with colorized source code . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  create   a

test:  test plot .
truth: test plotting snr estimate . 
test:  io   datasource
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  context manager to temporarily add a given path to the path .
truth: context adding the current working directory to sys . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  adding   context

test:  returns the contents of an image .
truth: attempts to determine an images width and height . 
test:  is   try
truth:  to   attempts

test:  simple command-line program for listing a datacenter in a datacenter .
truth: let this thing fly . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  let   null

test:  converts a datetime object to a timestamp .
truth: takes a value that is either a python date . 
test:  string   convert
truth:  takes   a

test:  update a specific backend config entry .
truth: update a sm backend config entry . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  load an empty po file .
truth: load an one unit po file . 
test:  load   test
truth:  load   load

test:  convert a iso8601-formatted tuple to iso8601 format .
truth: converts a datetime tuple to a utc iso time string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  non-differentiable quantized .
truth: non-differentiable srensendice coefficient for comparing the similarity of two distributions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a process run .
truth: creates the insertion process for the given sensor using progname . 
test:  create   windows
truth:  creates   null

test:  set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to cool and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a numpy array to a numpy array .
truth: decorator for converting argument to vec4 format suitable for 4x4 matrix multiplication . 
test:  handle   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove database paths and all associated with the given transaction .
truth: the opposite of setup_content_urls . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  null   opposite

test:  creates a client for working with cloud dns .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud dns . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  parse a blob from file .
truth: parse a blobinfo record from file upload field_storage . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the latest configuration file for a specified path .
truth: get the ctx file path for the latest revision of filename from the repository manifest up to the value of changeset_revision . 
test:  return   lines
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the given code code or its authenticate .
truth: transform the given language code to a human readable language name . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  transform   transform

test:  return a list of arg from the request .
truth: extracts the list of arg from request . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  render a string representation of the right token .
truth: tests that tokenize_by_numbers matches a manually generated output on a specific example . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  sets the current power to the given power or not .
truth: request power state change . 
test:  set   set
truth:  request   power

test:  get the names of all the user .
truth: loads the django template from the given path . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  return a short html summary of a genericimagedatasetjob .
truth: return a short html summary of a genericdatasetjob . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts id that is relative to jsexpose these format .
truth: takes a steam id_64 formatted id and returns a id_32 formatted id :type id_64: int :return: str . 
test:  takes   whitespace
truth:  takes   a

test:  read the plain text chunk from a plain byte .
truth: read count 96-bit ints using the plain encoding . 
test:  count   count
truth:  count   count

test:  create the glance metadata for a volume .
truth: update the glance metadata for the specified volume . 
test:  add   glance
truth:  update   update

test:  test that an empty client is loaded .
truth: test that sampintegratedclient can reconnect . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  convert latex to latex .
truth: convert expression to latex mathjax format . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  convert   expression

test:  return the free free pointer on windows .
truth: returns the free space in human readable bytes for a given path or false if no path given . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args_kwargs __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  return the current version of the pants version .
truth: returns the pants semantic version number as a string: url . 
test:  return   git
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the file at time a given vector .
truth: flip the writability of a file and return the old mode . 
test:  to   force
truth:  flip   null

test:  syspath works on bcache device only .
truth: full sysfs path of a device . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   null

test:  merges two non-nested data into one .
truth: merge nested dictionaries . 
test:  prepare   remove
truth:  nested   merge

test:  show a file of all detected characters .
truth: enter todays date as the release date in the changelog . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  enter   null

test:  returns an ordered object that can be used to slugify a closed identifier for a given slugify .
truth: returns a slug on a name which doesnt exist in a queryset . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  strip additional keys .
truth: strip the additional properties from the req . 
test:  do   remove
truth:  strip   strip

test:  create a dummy node .
truth: create a dummy node and register it in the locals of the given node with the specified name . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  create   a

test:  fixture that provides a valid enterprise .
truth: configure class with enterprise url . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  configure   class

test:  string with its .
truth: avoid encoding errors while generating objects utf8 byte-string representations . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  extracts the token from a cookie from the provided cookie .
truth: given a request object . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  given   a

test:  for a given wcs .
truth: for a given wcs . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  render a template with its buffer .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  accepts   null
truth:  create   a

test:  make a second axes overlay *ax* sharing the yaxis .
truth: make a second axes that shares the *y*-axis . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  evaluate the low-level value of type u by removing l{chr} .
truth: compare two signatures by extending the term order to k[x]^n . 
test:  given   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  generator to return all items in nested => starting with its fields .
truth: iterator to flatten mixed iterables of arbitrary depth . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   iterator

test:  search for the galaxy galaxy shed shed by the galaxy version of the galaxy modules .
truth: search for controllers in the galaxy . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a string representing the vat number .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  compute   number
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the geometric conj between a and b .
truth: conjugation relation for geometrical beams under paraxial conditions . 
test:  null   characters
truth:  null   relation

test:  return a dict describing how to change orig to new dictionary .
truth: return a dict describing how to change orig to new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  renders a basket form for a basket type and product it .
truth: template tag for adding the users wishlists form to the template context so it can be rendered . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  solves the first root of a rational function .
truth: a hacky replacement for solve . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  null   a

test:  test performance of saturation function .
truth: test color desaturation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  color   color

test:  iterates over the objects in an iterable .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  return   store
truth:  wraps   null

test:  check for assertequal .
truth: check for assertequal or assertequal sentences g318 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  transform string to a yaml table by new-style do not display the right table definition .
truth: formats the yaml table string for the ttfautohint ttfa table . 
test:  formats   null
truth:  formats   formats

test:  convert a json-encoded dict to a form .
truth: returns mock responses for the youtube api . 
test:  return   function
truth:  mock   mock

test:  return a form data with a form for each form .
truth: get the current form data; with prepared . 
test:  get   data
truth:  get   get

test:  generic mode setting function .
truth: generic mode setting function without a target . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   mode

test:  verify we can check whether an nginx resource is a valid xml .
truth: raises a ~astropy . 
test:  check   a
truth:  raises   a

test:  test pip wheel fail .
truth: test pip wheel failure . 
test:  test   pip
truth:  test   pip

test:  a function for the strange this test suite .
truth: function to create a dummy file . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return field definition class for the given type code .
truth: return field definition class for the given type code . 
test:  return   field
truth:  return   field

test:  set a text to a small python script inserting a text .
truth: set up general->editor to a small python script doing a replacement . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs using the "bulk" api with dictionaries . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  null   individual

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto3 libraries exist . 
test:  check   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a document .
truth: return a wsgi application that serves a directory cache_max_age - integer specifies cache_control max_age in seconds . 
test:  returns   cache
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the named database is present name the name of the new database to remove permission to create the user the password of the password on the system name the
truth: ensure the user exists on the dell drac name: the users username password the password used to authenticate permission the permissions that should be assigned to a user . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get the file with plugins .
truth: get the file names of the plugins by the file paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make a c{failure} .
truth: put any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  queries   json
truth:  put   put

test:  gives the selected slices of the given axis .
truth: normalizes a tensor wrt the l2 norm alongside the specified axis . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  normalizes   a

test:  check if a variable is equalto .
truth: check if an object has the same value as another object: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  a scenario matches with tags should respond with true when the scenario matches exactly tags .
truth: when scenario#matches_tags is called with a member starting with ~ it will consider a fuzzywuzzy match . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   null

test:  read a sound file and return as list .
truth: reads large blocks in a safe way . 
test:  read   multiple
truth:  reads   null

test:  matches with a performs replacing the same output .
truth: finds matching friends to a query . 
test:  if   null
truth:  matching   matching

test:  dtlz4 multiobjective function .
truth: dtlz1 multiobjective function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  default rooms handler .
truth: homepage - lists all rooms . 
test:  error   view
truth:  -   -

test:  returns the list of exploration summary for the specified exploration .
truth: fetches all ratings for an exploration . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  will check for a local node .
truth: returns a list of the data by inorder traversing the tree . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  returns   a

test:  adjust untrash .
truth: untrash item . 
test:  checking   execution
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for cinder qos to appear as a file .
truth: waits for a qos operations to be completed . 
test:  if   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  folder for static folder edit .
truth: folder for static pages edit . 
test:  null   edit
truth:  null   folder

test:  flatten the given iterator of input dictionary .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  wrap   response

test:  search for recordings with an annotation-list key and return a dict with a release-group-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  return the path to the site-packages directory for a given device .
truth: return size in bytes of device . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   size

test:  create an instance profile .
truth: create an instance profile . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  decorator to require *any* user or admin context .
truth: decorator to require *any* user or admin context . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  returns the number of units that are the given args and kwargs .
truth: get the longitude unit and latitude unit from kwargs . 
test:  parses   network
truth:  get   get

test:  view a list of projects .
truth: lists all projects . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  destroy the provider fw record .
truth: delete a provider firewall rule from the database . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test that a sample function using a sample weight .
truth: adaboostregressor should work without sample_weights in the base estimator the random weighted sampling is done internally in the _boost method in adaboostregressor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a recent 2d path to a rectangle .
truth: convert a pathpatch to a pathpatch3d object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a sharedvariable package for this module .
truth: return the package of a module or return the package itself . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the flask web environment .
truth: install django fixup if settings module environment is set . 
test:  work   null
truth:  install   django

test:  set the pyglet configuration variable .
truth: set gl configuration . 
test:  stores   config
truth:  set   gl

test:  make sure that a string containing a valid python file name .
truth: we check if the current working directory is valid or not . 
test:  default   get
truth:  check   check

test:  create a guess property for a resource_type .
truth: used to mark a public attribute as deprecated . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   null

test:  encode a unicode object as bytes .
truth: return an utf8-encoded version of s . 
test:  encode   utf8
truth:  return   return

test:  setup as a sphinx extension .
truth: required setup function for sphinx extensions . 
test:  point   install
truth:  setup   setup

test:  try to get a connection with a very specific user .
truth: try to get a connection with a very specific set of values . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  checks if a theano variable is a theano variable and we make sure that we can make sense to make this one of the variable and i .
truth: check number of dimensions and dtype of a theano variable . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   number

test:  check whether the given item is over the given usage .
truth: note: usage is a tuple . 
test:  is   data
truth:  usage   usage

test:  observations is the weighted distance between the 1d statement .
truth: python version of vq algorithm for rank 1 only . 
test:  estimate   validator
truth:  null   version

test:  wrapper for :py:meth:boto .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   apps
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  validates whether a string is a color .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  null   s
truth:  return   a

test:  return useful frame .
truth: returns dictionary with local variable content from frame where exception has been raised . 
test:  debugging   get
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  it should parse a step definition with behave_as .
truth: it should have a list of data from a given step . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   null

test:  return a tuple consisting of image width and height .
truth: return a tuple consisting of image width and height . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the name of a file without the valid path .
truth: get the file path with all spaces in the basename replaced with underscores . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the number of bits of binary bits in the given list of binary objects .
truth: display n in binary (only difference from built-in bin is that this function returns a fixed width string and can optionally be reversed . 
test:  null   coefficients
truth:  display   n

test:  return a list of human-readable chunks that make the chunks of something .
truth: returns a list of chunk and chink objects from the given sentence . 
test:  returns   patch
truth:  returns   a

test:  normalize the version string to a standard pack version .
truth: normalize old . 
test:  turn   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a full tuple with one argument and doc doc .
truth: a parser that parses all supported css 3 modules in addition to css 2 . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  setup the itunes platform .
truth: set up pilight sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  returns a random length .
truth: generate a psuedo-random string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns the pid of a given location .
truth: try to find a pid directory in the common locations . 
test:  returns   directory
truth:  to   try

test:  return the path to the directory that owns a file or directory .
truth: get the location of the backup dir in the minion cache . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  only returns a dict with all the w3af_processes in string .
truth: usage: {{ url|thumbnail:"width=10 . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: role manager . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   manager

test:  insert data to a file .
truth: return data to a cassandra columnfamily . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   data

test:  build a url for a label .
truth: build a url from the label . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  build   a

test:  setup cover controlled by shell commands .
truth: setup the demo covers . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the lock on a file .
truth: release the module-level lock acquired by calling _acquirelock() . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  wrap a function or method with the given template .
truth: decorator for django views that sends returned dict to render_to_response function . 
test:  render   page
truth:  null   decorator

test:  associate a network or raise if it does not exist .
truth: associate a free network to a project . 
test:  fixed   a
truth:  associate   a

test:  renders a accordion request .
truth: returns the html that renders the navigation for the given course . 
test:  render   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  system information type 17 section 9 .
truth: system information type 17 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  remove the virtual environment for the provided virtualenv .
truth: remove the provided virtualenv . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  set the value of a key in the dict .
truth: helper function to add an attribute directly into the instance dictionary . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  get a file from the specified data .
truth: read data from disk file . 
test:  if   load
truth:  read   data

test:  returns the manifest to use for the specified package .
truth: helper routine for loading manifest instances . 
test:  get   result
truth:  null   routine

test:  sets the messages into the backend requests .
truth: sets the messages into the backend requests session and remove the backends loaded data cache . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  sets   sets

test:  returns a string representation of the closest date of the given date .
truth: this function finds the date in a list closest to the target date . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  function   function

test:  maps cohort discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion discussion .
truth: the handler for cohort discussion categories requests . 
test:  null   object
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the raw password matches the three part encoded digest . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the tag with the given xrd .
truth: return the xrd element that should contain the yadis services . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns subproject .
truth: returns subproject matching parameters . 
test:  project   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps the results of a newest attribute .
truth: factory method to constructs :class:~ . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   method

test:  loads the hadoop module if the os is installed .
truth: only load if pcs package is installed . 
test:  make   check
truth:  load   load

test:  fetch an image id from a target id .
truth: grab image . 
test:  fetch   fetch
truth:  grab   image

test:  use the given request to send the dpid to the dpid .
truth: sends a features request to the given dpid . 
test:  null   check
truth:  sends   a

test:  bounce all the nodes in the cluster .
truth: bounce all traffic server nodes in the cluster . 
test:  start   null
truth:  bounce   null

test:  undo the event loop .
truth: incremental undo . 
test:  label   null
truth:  undo   undo

test:  returns a string of the translation of either the singular or plural .
truth: returns a utf-8 bytestring of the translation of either the singular or plural . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the feed items for a given feed .
truth: returns the feed items for a given feed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a query to configurable .
truth: make a query message . 
test:  text   read
truth:  make   a

test:  returns list of column names from file .
truth: read in the json dataset file and return the superset of column names . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  read   in

test:  same type as str .
truth: same type as str . 
test:  null   type
truth:  null   type

test:  cross-correlation the interval of a series of trackinfo parameters x : 2d array the numpy array of the new intervals .
truth: calculate highest posterior density of array for given alpha . 
test:  indices   in
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  retrieves a key by its deprecated key .
truth: if key id deprecated and a replacement key defined . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   key

test:  parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format .
truth: parse a string according to the onblog 8-bit date format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  count the number of square-free roots of f .
truth: return the number of roots of f in [inf . 
test:  content   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  set the list of all detected discarded .
truth: set the return code based on the data back from the state system . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  produce a colorbar for a blackman-harris instance .
truth: produce 12 colorbars with variable length extensions for either uniform or proportional spacing . 
test:  header   null
truth:  produce   null

test:  function that calculates a formatted setting for the given memory label .
truth: parse user-supplied memory setting . 
test:  connected   function
truth:  parse   parse

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  creates   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  test quantity representation of a quantity representation .
truth: test that table representation of quantities does not have unit . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the service is configured on the elected elected .
truth: check the virtual service exists . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  make a expected threshold threshold .
truth: check that the raw value for an asset/date/column triple is as expected . 
test:  add   a
truth:  check   check

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new virtual machine in opennebula . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  converts a string with a trailing byte string .
truth: convert unicode string to <type str> . 
test:  string   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  creates a angle from a sha512 polynomial .
truth: decorator for fromfunctionoptimizer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a returns shared array .
truth: returns a ctypes array allocated from shared memory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  works like :func:has_request_context but for the enrollment .
truth: if you have code that wants to test if a request context is there or not this function can be used . 
test:  like   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a grid instance of a bokeh layout .
truth: create a grid-based arrangement of bokeh layout objects . 
test:  create   convert
truth:  create   a

test:  turns on formatted logging output as configured .
truth: turns on formatted logging output as configured . 
test:  turns   null
truth:  turns   null

test:  returns the unicode key for the given username .
truth: ssh key is exist or not . 
test:  is   a
truth:  ssh   key

test:  returns a dict describing specific volume_type .
truth: returns a dict describing specific volume_type . 
test:  given   fetch
truth:  returns   a

test:  test the call class with the type manager .
truth: various scenarios in which the type returned by __clrtype__ is implemented purely in csharp or vb . 
test:  is   test
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  this should be overriden in a windowing environment if drawing should be done in interactive python mode .
truth: for performance reasons . 
test:  configures   null
truth:  null   performance

test:  return a dict with the current .
truth: return a dict of the entire environment set for the salt process cli example: . 
test:  return   items
truth:  return   a

test:  recursively ignore files under exact directories .
truth: returns the relative files contained in the directory . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the fingerprint of the device .
truth: returns the device build fingerprint . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip decorator .
truth: decorator to ignore accessdenied exceptions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  remove leading zeros from f .
truth: include useless levels in f . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  include   include

test:  return a list of tuples for one or more given types .
truth: return a list of all argument names . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  come a low-level byte term into a comma-separated .
truth: return term xored with a sequence of characters c . 
test:  select   function
truth:  return   term

test:  list tags available for all images .
truth: returns a list of tagged images cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the arma correlation coefficient with the arma correlation matrix ar .
truth: theoretical autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  create   docstring
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  this is only used by the social suite .
truth: allauth needs tokens for oauth based providers . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  needs   null

test:  return the raw pillar data that is currently loaded into the minion .
truth: return the raw pillar data that is available in the module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the ssh server table .
truth: method to connect to remote system using ssh protocol . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   method

test:  default between the watchdog and default arguments .
truth: use matplotlib style settings from a style specification . 
test:  create   null
truth:  use   matplotlib

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a feature wrapping function for feature .
truth: a feature object should have a list of scenarios . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   feature

test:  serialize the time of a single object .
truth: return root and its entire tree of qobject children . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  return   root

test:  check if a user has a permission to a given object .
truth: check if the user has a permission or owns the object . 
test:  wraps   check
truth:  if   check

test:  coerce code to a python code .
truth: we might need to coerce a code to a rule_code and uppercase it parameters source : string frequency converting from returns string code . 
test:  prompts   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the layer for a layer .
truth: return blit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the file zoneinfo .
truth: cache the opened zipfile in the module . 
test:  get   get
truth:  cache   cache

test:  calculate the loss for a dataset on a model .
truth: adds all losses for the model . 
test:  calculate   loss
truth:  adds   null

test:  compute the total itilbert transform .
truth: return inverse h-tilbert transform of a periodic sequence x . 
test:  apply   x
truth:  return   inverse

test:  only work on freebsd .
truth: only runs on freebsd systems . 
test:  set   set
truth:  runs   runs

test:  get all the volumes inside the window .
truth: get all the snapshots inside the window . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  restful crud controller - needed to allow searching for teams @note: .
truth: restful crud controller for display of a series of posts as a full-page read-only showing last 5 items in reverse time order @todo: convert to datalist . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  calculates the sample distr for distfitmc parameters nrepl : array-like data from which for which the parameters of the loglikelihood is the process is calculated : array_like the loglikelihood is
truth: run monte carlo for estimation of distribution parameters hard coded: only one shape parameter is allowed and estimated . 
test:  implements   remove
truth:  run   run

test:  return an ndarray that is an ndarray of x along an axis .
truth: even extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray by making an even extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  return the base directory containing the given file path .
truth: return current directory list dir . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   current

test:  test that it is consistent with wrong .
truth: test values of lambda outside the domains of the functions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   values

test:  returns a module without checking for a given type .
truth: get the lines for a python source file from the cache . 
test:  deprecated   null
truth:  get   get

test:  a helper for defining string options .
truth: a helper for defining string options . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set the subtitle file .
truth: set new video subtitle file . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  set   new

test:  read a pipe .
truth: specifically invoke p4 on the command supplied . 
test:  read   parse
truth:  invoke   invoke

test:  converts a port number to the cpu seconds since the cpu relative to the cpu relative time series .
truth: convert an input value in megacycles to cpu-seconds . 
test:  null   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the class name for a given name .
truth: given fully-qualified class name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  given   null

test:  gets the default intent name for the given profile .
truth: opens an icc profile file . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  opens   null

test:  import and return a module .
truth: import the module to be tested . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   import

test:  cossim is the sum distance is distance between two probability probability .
truth: return cosine similarity between two sparse vectors . 
test:  null   metadata
truth:  return   cosine

test:  read up & run a publisher for programmatic use with string i/o .
truth: return the document tree and publisher . 
test:  source   null
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper around *url* .
truth: uploads a file or a directory recursively an optional extentions keyword argument may be given . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  uploads   a

test:  tests that system folders without flags can be labeled dont contain a folder labeled .
truth: tests that system folders without flags can be labeled . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  given a string and a valid text .
truth: return the text . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get the logger for the current thread .
truth: provides the stem logger . 
test:  get   debug
truth:  provides   null

test:  send an email to the initiator of a single email email .
truth: renders and sends notification email . 
test:  send   email
truth:  renders   null

test:  convert the given argument to a plain encoded string .
truth: transcode a text string . 
test:  markdown   function
truth:  null   a

test:  verify that a mode is not installed .
truth: verifies the mode selinux is running in . 
test:  make   information
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a list of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gives a dictionary of :class: .
truth: key word argument conversion . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   word

test:  creates a directory like file leaf .
truth: make directories leading to dst if they dont exist yet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   directories

test:  returns a single blast format from a file with a given fakeimageservice .
truth: turns a phenotype file into a single platerecord . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  computes the jacard distance between a and b at the end of the input image .
truth: return the jacard coefficient of a and b . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  set the learning phase flag .
truth: sets the learning phase to a fixed value . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  parse a string in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format into a time object .
truth: parse a date in yyyy/mm/dd hh:mm:ss ttt format . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  serialize object to unicode .
truth: serialize object to json bytes . 
test:  object   obj
truth:  object   object

test:  return the job in use by the votable library .
truth: ensure that qsub job names must begin with a letter . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a certificate request to sign it .
truth: loads a boolean expression from a string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get the separate inset loops .
truth: get the separate inset loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  single resource provider provider .
truth: post to create a resource provider . 
test:  create   server
truth:  to   post

test:  generate an individual hash of the sql .
truth: return hash of the given query after stripping all comments . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  generates normal shared by the normal distribution from the reason .
truth: initialize a matrix shared variable with normally distributed elements . 
test:  function   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  find the executable file in the executable suitable for temporary file .
truth: return a list of all exes in path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove files from a file .
truth: remove file *fname* if file is a python script . 
test:  file   a
truth:  file   file

test:  simulate a function to handle restful http memory .
truth: simulate a function that returns system memory . 
test:  get   n
truth:  simulate   a

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is a row of the luminance and minor .
truth: transform a list of strings into a single string with columns . 
test:  function   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  a noop function for resolves a static file .
truth: given a relative path to a static asset . 
test:  needed   return
truth:  given   a

test:  set the subprocess .
truth: set subprocess module to use . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   subprocess

test:  blend the two images .
truth: creates a new image by interpolating between two input images . 
test:  return   change
truth:  creates   a

test:  create a new cast-128 cipher .
truth: return a file-like object that outputs cryptographically random bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this is a stabilization optimization .
truth: this is a stabilization optimization that is more general than crossentropy_to_crossentropy_with_softmax_with_bias . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a standard composite code that ignores messages with the messages messages .
truth: capture the output of func when called with the given arguments . 
test:  return   null
truth:  capture   capture

test:  yaml: pathignore execute pathignore .
truth: yaml: pathignore this plugin allows scm-triggered jobs to ignore build requests if only certain paths have changed . 
test:  null   entity
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line .
truth: returns true if the specified error category is suppressed on this line . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the current python data .
truth: return the list of colormap names . 
test:  provides   matplotlib
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a message with open permissions for open the local losses .
truth: build a soap addportmapping message . 
test:  create   a
truth:  build   a

test:  set a trace from the current frame .
truth: start debugging from frame . 
test:  set   set
truth:  debugging   debugging

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a module . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sets up the environment for the current http error .
truth: setup testenvironment for some functions that are tested in this module . 
test:  to   a
truth:  setup   testenvironment

test:  multiplies multiplies filter from a single column of a passed file .
truth: apply a function on input_data . 
test:  text   print
truth:  apply   a

test:  get the actionexecution tree of the parent for the parent .
truth: returns all descendant executions upto the specified descendant_depth for the supplied actionexecution_id . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a query by querying its libraries from a request .
truth: pull the columns from the thing/data tables for a list or single thing_id . 
test:  fetch   data
truth:  pull   pull

test:  remove a directory from the given path .
truth: recursively remove the directory path given . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  64-bit the calendar in utc .
truth: datetime to decimal . 
test:  format   a
truth:  to   datetime

test:  restart the httpd function .
truth: restart nginx as well as django . 
test:  restart   list
truth:  restart   nginx

test:  makes a suite for an answer .
truth: build a table to display completed list . 
test:  converts   build
truth:  build   a

test:  read a data file .
truth: get a data: url for the broken qutebrowser logo . 
test:  read   data
truth:  get   a

test:  copy all stat info from src to dst .
truth: copy all stat info from src to dst . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  extract current page information from a string .
truth: returns list containing content from "textual" tags . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  list   list

test:  print out the login with the user to handles and redirects .
truth: short cut for an error next redirect . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  cut   cut

test:  only works on solaris like the pki module .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  load   null
truth:  work   work

test:  verifies that the target is admin .
truth: whether or not user is admin according to policy setting . 
test:  context   context
truth:  null   null

test:  test that the right column as a column is coerced .
truth: test for mixin-related regression described in #3321 . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given a list of data .
truth: match data to pattern . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  match   data

test:  get names of defined fonts .
truth: get names of defined fonts . 
test:  get   names
truth:  get   names

test:  return the name of the message .
truth: utility function: return structure test . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  null   utility

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a rule to the queue .
truth: create the filter accept rule for metadata . 
test:  import   metadata
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if the supplied arguments takes keyword arguments as a dict .
truth: returns true if the supplied functions takes extra non-keyword arguments . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the slow of a graph g .
truth: construct edges for random geometric graph . 
test:  return   data
truth:  construct   edges

test:  convert a json metric to the native object .
truth: convert a metric resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  subnet the upper table to a template .
truth: pack the data suitable for sending in a channel_open packet . 
test:  pack   bound
truth:  pack   pack

test:  checks if a git sha is a valid cookie sha .
truth: check if a string is a valid git sha1 string input: hash: string to validate output: true if the string has 40 characters and is an hexadecimal number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return a valid base size .
truth: pyrsistent invariant for filesystem size . 
test:  validate   size
truth:  null   invariant

test:  table of data from plot .
truth: table plot . 
test:  needed   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  returns a 2-d array of shape along the shape of shape .
truth: creates and returns a new eigenmatrix with the given shape . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  creates   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generate a regular expression starting at the given compress_level .
truth: chunk post data into pieces that are smaller than the 20 mb limit . 
test:  null   null
truth:  post   post

test:  helper for a single figure .
truth: display an array as a matrix in a new figure window . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  display   display

test:  square the given value to the given vector .
truth: sums elements of the input array . 
test:  returns   indices
truth:  sums   elements

test:  returns true if the specified category is a letter category .
truth: determine whether the given unicode character is a unicode letter . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  determine   null

test:  publish real-time .
truth: publish to pypi . 
test:  null   case
truth:  to   null

test:  compute the binomial hmac hmac pointer for a given gradient hash .
truth: compute the key and the message with hmac sha512 . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  a generator for all python packages .
truth: yields for all modules recursively on path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return whether x is a iterator of array-like .
truth: an implementation independent way of checking for iterators python 2 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   implementation

test:  generator to follow a the the actual file .
truth: follow a given file and yield new lines when they are available . 
test:  input   null
truth:  follow   a

test:  checks that the given directory is a given directory that will return true if symlinks is a given file or its symlinks .
truth: check files under directory are symlinks . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  files   files

test:  create an object or list of attributes .
truth: helper for __repr__ functions to list attributes with truthy values only . 
test:  generates   get
truth:  null   helper

test:  restart a docker container .
truth: restart a running container container container id timeout timeout for container to exit gracefully before killing it . 
test:  play   null
truth:  restart   a

test:  the min_step in the parallel .
truth: return parallel instance with delayed function util function to use joblib only if available parameters func: callable a function n_jobs: int number of jobs to run in parallel verbose: int verbosity level returns parallel: instance of joblib . 
test:  to   method
truth:  return   parallel

test:  generate a random ssh key .
truth: compute the key necessary to encrypt each object . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get the versions of a package .
truth: get all version tags for a docker image stored on quay . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  builds a dictionary mapping the inverse of each map it uses the inverse .
truth: build a map from fasta header from split_libraries . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  build   a

test:  given one result from mapbox .
truth: given one result from mapbox . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  given   one

test:  update or add languages based on dstpath .
truth: update or add resources from resource dict in dll/exe file dstpath . 
test:  update   set
truth:  update   update

test:  search keys for text .
truth: search keys from keyserver text text to search the keyserver for . 
test:  function   entries
truth:  search   keys

test:  remove one or more queues from the job .
truth: clear background job queues . 
test:  clear   image
truth:  clear   background

test:  deletes a calendar record .
truth: delete the calendar after deleting its events in batches . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  lists all firewall rules cli example: .
truth: halt a running system cli example: . 
test:  updates   reload
truth:  halt   a

test:  changes the number of epoch for a epoch .
truth: return [epoch . 
test:  is   str
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls active functions .
truth: method decorator that only runs a test if keyczar is available . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  servicerecord view .
truth: servicerecord view . 
test:  view   null
truth:  view   view

test:  allow the user to select a node .
truth: display the registration metadata for a registration . 
test:  like   current
truth:  display   display

test:  create a connection with the given translation .
truth: return the translations for the given term(s) and language(s) . 
test:  search   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for the :func:dmp_clear_denoms matrix .
truth: initialize cublas . 
test:  generates   signals
truth:  initialize   null

test:  generates a random string for the specified string .
truth: generates a sha1 hash for supplied string . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  send a file to the user .
truth: edit file with external editor . 
test:  to   a
truth:  file   file

test:  return the mode we know about any of the given node .
truth: get the mode for compile of a given node . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  write a fiff_block_start tag .
truth: write a fiff_block_end tag . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: get desired controllers mountpoint @controller: desired controller :return: controllers mountpoint . 
test:  download   function
truth:  desired   get

test:  return the growing network with redirection digraph .
truth: return the growing network with copying digraph with n nodes . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the nats type .
truth: get the encoding to use for *outputting* strings to the console . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  build a json array for the message of the current function .
truth: return a validation object that looks like the add-on validator . 
test:  uploads   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  return the name of the user that owns this file .
truth: gets the service name to use . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  linear activation function .
truth: first order polynomial regression model . 
test:  multiply   order
truth:  order   order

test:  converts a datetime object to a datetime object .
truth: parses upload creation string from header format . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  upload   upload

test:  creates a recordsensor network on the minion .
truth: create the network instance . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the versioned id for a resource .
truth: shorthand to add two commonly added versioning parameters . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   shorthand

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generates generates rest for common dataset and label for common model .
truth: construct a queued batch of images and labels . 
test:  generates   tag
truth:  construct   a

test:  create a new string with all partial indices leading with partial values converted to search camel .
truth: partially matches a string based on a list of alternatives . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  matches   matches

test:  read data from a lush file with float64 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with float32 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  debug a test script .
truth: debug a test script . 
test:  debug   a
truth:  debug   a

test:  get command line args from the user .
truth: supports the command-line arguments needed to form a connection to vsphere . 
test:  return   docstring
truth:  supports   null

test:  returns the unfulfilled content usage information page .
truth: queries milestones subsystem to see if the specified course is gated on one or more milestones . 
test:  provides   returns
truth:  queries   milestones

test:  write a new .
truth: setup docs in target folder of target app . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  setup   docs

test:  returns a value matching the first model .
truth: returns the first instance of model whose primary key has the value pk_value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic verification .
truth: helper method to create a new request object for the lti launch . 
test:  build   a
truth:  null   method

test:  get the word number as a string .
truth: get token by number . 
test:  get   a
truth:  token   token

test:  get the fast covariance matrix for fast .
truth: get fast dot . 
test:  source   product
truth:  get   get

test:  validate and format a string for option of type value .
truth: return a validated value for an option according to its type optional argument name is only used for error message formatting . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure the attribute list is present .
truth: converts payload fields to their real names . 
test:  null   fixes
truth:  converts   payload

test:  convert a datetime object to a dict with the keys specified as returned by the revision templates: .
truth: this is a helper function for converting lists of objects into lists of dicts . 
test:  given   a
truth:  is   null

test:  extended glob function that produces a glob pattern .
truth: search a value if it is a part of cyclic pattern args: - value: value to search for returns: - offset in pattern if found . 
test:  do   a
truth:  search   a

test:  add a tool plugin menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   plugins
truth:  add   a

test:  check the curvature of a binary file .
truth: load in curavature values from the ?h . 
test:  read   fit
truth:  load   in

test:  returns true if any of the xml-safe matches the given expression .
truth: filter using glob patterns . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  using   filter

test:  return the tuple consisting of w .
truth: r2 is the region after the first non-vowel following a vowel in r1 . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  is   null

test:  create principal cli examples: .
truth: create principal cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   principal

test:  physicists polynomial .
truth: chebyshev polynomial of the second kind on :math:[-2 . 
test:  returns   polynomial
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  decorator to indicate that a given app is a command .
truth: specifies that matching script is for on of app names . 
test:  null   a
truth:  specifies   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   line
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  create a unicode record for all tables in the table .
truth: create the tables and insert default values . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  generate a new .
truth: returns a guid for the specified target name . 
test:  make   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if text is a pkiz .
truth: determine if a token is pkiz . 
test:  text   check
truth:  if   null

test:  itemfield view .
truth: display the report . 
test:  report   view
truth:  display   display

test:  both _clear_dict and _ignore_keys instances .
truth: eliminates none entries from the features of the endpoint dict . 
test:  function   null
truth:  eliminates   none

test:  mangle mako loop .
truth: converts a for loop into a context manager wrapped around a for loop when access to the loop variable has been detected in the for loop body . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  converts   a

test:  parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events .
truth: parse a yaml stream and produce parsing events . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  prepare and global state and updates it with command options and send it with specific plugins .
truth: prepare and global state and updates it with command line options . 
test:  prepare   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  if a video is available .
truth: merges video file video and audio file audio into one movie file output . 
test:  output   server
truth:  merges   video

test:  unpack the signal from a signal .
truth: initializer for syncmanager :see: url . 
test:  initialize   use
truth:  null   initializer

test:  a little helper to prohibit isinstance .
truth: return whether type dtype can be used as the base type of a memoryview slice . 
test:  validate   decorator
truth:  return   return

test:  parse the format of a mongodb .
truth: parse devices to add as specified on the command line . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   devices

test:  parse authorization http header string and return a tuple of the form values .
truth: parse an http basic/digest authorization header transmitted by the web browser . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  list installed packages on the rest server .
truth: list "packages" installed on the rest server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the number through the line going left after the loop going left .
truth: get the number of intersections through the loop for the line going left . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorate all the testlist_multi in the instance .
truth: variant on wraplinker that runs a series of wrapper functions instead of just one . 
test:  return   read
truth:  null   variant

test:  called at the end of a source file .
truth: helper function . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can view reports on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  collect context for html .
truth: add bokehjs to pages that contain plots . 
test:  is   task
truth:  add   bokehjs

test:  returns a node-local attempts to matching a date .
truth: create a tuple for easy comparison from fail ticket . 
test:  get   a
truth:  create   a

test:  probability density function for optimization .
truth: the function to predict (classification will then consist in predicting whether g(x) <= 0 or not) . 
test:  null   check
truth:  function   function

test:  principal principal principal the residual corresponding to the observations of the principal principal principal by the observed component .
truth: normalize a group of observations on a per feature basis . 
test:  takes   detach
truth:  normalize   a

test:  check if header is valid .
truth: return true if the octet should be escaped with header quopri . 
test:  asserts   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get the instance of the instance .
truth: get the global saved stub . 
test:  returns   range
truth:  get   get

test:  require a view function to wrap a user .
truth: rate-limits a view . 
test:  require   a
truth:  null   a

test:  turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt .
truth: turn a plain-text password into a hash for database storage same as encode() but generates a new random salt . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  returns a list of custom custom sql for all custom models .
truth: returns a list of the custom table modifying sql statements for the given app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a querys that relates this querys instance entity entity in this querys .
truth: create filtering criterion that relates this querys primary entity to the given related instance . 
test:  filtering   filtering
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  returns a dictionary containing the state whose state is vm .
truth: map the server status string to a vm state . 
test:  return   return
truth:  map   map

test:  return the locale path for the language code .
truth: returns the location of the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the state modules .
truth: returns the proxy module for this salt-proxy-minion . 
test:  download   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculate the candidate information for a specific app .
truth: generate a list of candidate temporary directories which _get_default_tempdir will try . 
test:  to   processing
truth:  generate   a

test:  alias for read_local: reads the local cache .
truth: uses the local cache to retrieve the entry for the name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  uses   uses

test:  convert a json node to the corresponding python node .
truth: converts a node into a rubeus grid format . 
test:  write   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a sympy integer to a string .
truth: convert a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  we want to deactivate a realm with a plugin .
truth: deactivate this realm . 
test:  parsing   user
truth:  deactivate   null

test:  iterates over a python data structure .
truth: given storage and an array of values . 
test:  converts   replaces
truth:  given   storage

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like an iterable object with a string .
truth: return true if obj is an iterable object that isnt a string . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   return

test:  trunc returns the time as integer .
truth: strips microseconds from a timedelta . 
test:  returns   datetime
truth:  strips   microseconds

test:  extracts package name from "pkg list -v" output .
truth: extracts package version from "pkg list -v" output . 
test:  package   package
truth:  package   package

test:  see <from-minor> .
truth: verify the computed brief descriptors with expected for normal mode . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  factory function for utc unpickling .
truth: factory function for utc unpickling . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  set the correct location for the opt this is the opt one .
truth: set whether this installation is opted-out from telemetry submissions . 
test:  set   values
truth:  set   set

test:  creates a new record for testing .
truth: create and return a bloom filter for expected entries . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  register a storage storage backend .
truth: identify the id of this instance storage . 
test:  registers   null
truth:  identify   null

test:  test in release to release a release .
truth: perform all the steps required for the release . 
test:  test   build
truth:  perform   null

test:  limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters .
truth: limit all lines to a maximum of 79 characters . 
test:  limit   line
truth:  limit   limit

test:  encodes a unicode object to unicode .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  make   null
truth:  to   try

test:  callback for "dirty" a method as a callback .
truth: callback method to use in tests . 
test:  is   default
truth:  callback   method

test:  truncate by seconds at the end of a datetime object .
truth: truncate by millisecond . 
test:  determine   blocks
truth:  truncate   truncate

test:  shutdown a remote system with no longer than the system .
truth: send a soft shutdown signal to the named vm cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  send   a

test:  returns a callbacks compatible with the given criteria .
truth: a psuedo class for checking permissions of subresources without having to redefine permission classes . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  list versions for the given function .
truth: list the versions available for the given function . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  list all renderers on the master and all modules .
truth: list the renderers loaded on the minion . 
test:  list   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the attribute name .
truth: translate a given key . 
test:  sorts   root
truth:  translate   a

test:  returns a list containing the securitygroupid id for this securitygroupid .
truth: returns the securitygroupid of a securitygroupname to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the preferred time zone safe for work on the session .
truth: gets the preferred channel timezone . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  this function will be called with a few func when using the firewall of the allow_cache arent loaded .
truth: url theres no reason this should cause problems for ironpython - make sure a simple scenario works . 
test:  header   null
truth:  url   url

test:  return a context adapter for a given target .
truth: generates the url building function for a map . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  return a list of all sizes on the cloud provider .
truth: list cloud provider sizes for the given providers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   cloud

test:  returns base and opattern for provided stride .
truth: return base freq and stride info from string representation examples _freq_and_stride -> min . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  base   base

test:  attempt to ever the dimensions of the terminal window .
truth: returns a tuple representing the width(x) and the height(x) in characters of the terminal window . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a new compensation instance .
truth: returns a reference to the c{gae_objects} on the context . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  start the users home assistant server .
truth: enable debug hooks for failures . 
test:  null   calls
truth:  debug   debug

test:  return a string with an exit code .
truth: run program provided by args . 
test:  process   run
truth:  run   program

test:  make sure a file fails .
truth: creates a textual file with the content provided as docstring . 
test:  text   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  print a diff dictionary .
truth: prints the keys in the first dictionary and are in the second dictionary . 
test:  prints   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  perform a module cycle cycle .
truth: alternative to imp . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   alternative

test:  check that the indices of an indices is a tuple .
truth: check indices parameter . 
test:  if   null
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains iterable .
truth: return true if *obj* is not string like and is not iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a dict with all the entries in the given name .
truth: convinience factory for authtypes that defaults authtypes to false . 
test:  null   check
truth:  null   factory

test:  return full site folder for this application .
truth: return a list of potential user-shared config dirs for this application . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the intersection of a graph that exist in g .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in both g and h . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  remove all files from the old repo .
truth: remove cache directories for remotes no longer configured . 
test:  specified   remove
truth:  cache   cache

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the clip dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  pop image using local histogram .
truth: return the local number of pixels . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add the given course to the list of default enrollment and return the list .
truth: append course to the courses array . 
test:  returns   add
truth:  append   course

test:  table with normal names .
truth: normal simplerst table with provided column names . 
test:  reads   input
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of all matches found in the given sentence .
truth: returns the first match found in the given sentence . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  connect to each of show devices .
truth: set the vendor field for each networkdevice to the appropriate vendor . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  converts a numpy dtype list to a numpy type for the given type .
truth: utility function for converting a dtype object or string that instantiates a dtype into one of the two character numpy format codes that have been traditionally used by pyfits . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  function   function

test:  issues a power-cycle server .
truth: powers down the managed server . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  powers   powers

test:  manage the summary of a summary file .
truth: display a summary from monit cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   a

test:  returns true if the units is enabled for the registry .
truth: adds to the set of units enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  adds   scale
truth:  to   null

test:  run the pip tests with the right line .
truth: delegate to pip the given args . 
test:  run   return
truth:  to   null

test:  find the minimal element(s) of a sequence of partially ordered elements .
truth: find the maximal element(s) of a partially ordered sequence . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  returns the path to the url of the url .
truth: get the absolute path on the filesystem of the temp image url . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  base64 decodes a data structure .
truth: decode/decompress a base64 string . 
test:  use   loader
truth:  null   a

test:  location edit page .
truth: location edit page . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  calculate the value of the first half of a dataset .
truth: naive b-spline evaluation . 
test:  evaluate   vector
truth:  null   null

test:  return a handler object according to the logging module .
truth: init the log service . 
test:  unsubscribe   get
truth:  init   init

test:  test that were running as a directory .
truth: clean up temporary files used by test unless galaxy_test_no_cleanup is set . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  clean   up

test:  returns a decorator that converts a function into a class via passing 2 and optionally delete_asset the class .
truth: makes the decorator syntax uniform regardless if you call the decorator like **decorator examples**:: @decorator or @decorator() or @decorator complexity . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  makes   null

test:  hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like .
truth: hook to write a warning to a file; replace if you like . 
test:  to   hook
truth:  to   hook

test:  get the process that will be called from the process .
truth: get the name of process 1 on a node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the first child data node .
truth: get the text value of the first child text node of a node . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that a series of several 304 is less than or equal to the expected format .
truth: check common series parameters . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  check   check

test:  encodes a unicode string to utf-8 bytes .
truth: encodes string value from plain to hex format . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  string   string

test:  gauss-laguerre neighbor cdf of continuous star star : array_like arma : array_like .
truth: theoretical autocovariance function of arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  correlation   information
truth:  null   autocovariance

test:  helper method to write an interactive header to an interactive dict .
truth: runs the application interatively . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  del the named broadcast .
truth: delete a media . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  test no data interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with an empty serie . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  for all registered review .
truth: revert review_unavailable back to needs_review . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  revert   null

test:  convert list of random numbers to 4-element .
truth: generate s_indices and a_indices for discretedp . 
test:  tests   helper
truth:  generate   generate

test:  fetch a resource id from the metadata for the specified user .
truth: returns the value of oauth2 client id from an oauth2 request . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  hexdump -> str calculates a decimals; string .
truth: build a tcpdump like hexadecimal view . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  download a poem from the given host and port and port .
truth: download a poem from the given host and port and invoke callback when the poem is complete . 
test:  download   a
truth:  download   a

test:  list all python modules .
truth: lists all nspawn containers cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  returns the fourier series expansion between seq and func .
truth: returns the cos sequence in a fourier series . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get contingency matrix for a stereo matrix .
truth: build a contingency matrix describing the relationship between labels . 
test:  force   data
truth:  build   a

test:  helper method for common parse actions that reads a dict of those tuples .
truth: helper function that returns a string representation of a dictionary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  find the index of a sequence .
truth: fancy indexing into an indexable iterable . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  null   indexing

test:  return dict for all lines in code objects reachable for the given code .
truth: return lineno dict for all code objects reachable from code . 
test:  return   lineno
truth:  return   lineno

test:  turn a scipy .
truth: return either b or the real part of b . 
test:  compute   factor
truth:  return   return

test:  determine the url for the given token with the desired access token .
truth: returns the provided token or the default token . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the arguments from the given list of arguments .
truth: split a list of argument strings into a dictionary where each key is an argument name . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  return the current db ip .
truth: returns the master datastore ip . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushover notification . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  send   send

test:  return the group database or a group of a defined group .
truth: get the gid and group name . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: lx plugins .
truth: usage: lx extend-links url url parse and print links from pages lx extend-links urls . 
test:  selected   command
truth:  null   lx

test:  retrieves information for the given image and return the output as a dict .
truth: retrieves information for a given image . 
test:  retrieves   information
truth:  retrieves   information

test:  extract list of files from a list of list of image objects .
truth: ensure all binary modules in zipped eggs get extracted and included with the frozen executable . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  pull out the nth expression .
truth: select result of rules that minimizes objective . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  result   result

test:  install an gobject object .
truth: import and install gobject context iteration inside our event loop . 
test:  access   install
truth:  import   import

test:  you might want to call this user .
truth: send auto email report now . 
test:  report   send
truth:  send   auto

test:  get a generator of version metadata for the file .
truth: get tmux configuration suffix given parsed tmux version . 
test:  get   version
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the differential equation for x .
truth: get the divmod . 
test:  get   elementwise
truth:  get   get

test:  check virtualbox additions additions .
truth: unmount virtualbox guest additions cd from the temp directory . 
test:  make   null
truth:  unmount   virtualbox

test:  make a polynomial of the median of a set of random numbers .
truth: returns the coefficients of each eigenvector in a projection of the vector u onto the normalized eigenvectors which are contained in eigenpairs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper for square-free polynomials in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  multiply   polynomial
truth:  raise   f

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  updates the dashboard with the given log dashboard .
truth: save statistics for creator dashboard of a user by appending to a list keyed by a datetime string . 
test:  null   stats
truth:  save   statistics

test:  differentiate polynomial irreducibility polynomials in gf(p)[x] for small p .
truth: square polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  polynomials   network
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  parse the parameters from the given results file .
truth: parse the various parameters from the file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  negate a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: make all coefficients positive in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   returns
truth:  make   null

test:  test that download exit status code when blank requirements specified .
truth: test download exit status code when blank requirements file specified . 
test:  download   commands
truth:  download   download

test:  geometric average mean of the average mean between 0 and all input inputs .
truth: take the geometric mean over all dropout masks of an mlp with softmax outputs . 
test:  coordinates   null
truth:  take   null

test:  converts an aware datetime to a datetime .
truth: checks if value is a datetime and converts it to local time if necessary . 
test:  make   converts
truth:  if   checks

test:  get an adapter status it it on the sympy .
truth: a list of adapters on this machine . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  renders a ratio for the block of a block of block .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  remove top-level smaller than rst of os .
truth: strip/replace restructuredtext directives in docstrings . 
test:  unicode   remove
truth:  null   restructuredtext

test:  decode base64-encoded base64 encoded string .
truth: decoder using base64 . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  using   decoder

test:  return a list of email addresses that can be used with a particular ip address .
truth: return a list of email addresses found in text . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attempt to memoize the default cache for getattr during a unit test .
truth: this is a typical memoization decorator . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  is   null

test:  learner profile .
truth: render the profile page for the specified username . 
test:  null   a
truth:  render   render

test:  computes the scalar distance between two tensors tensors .
truth: projection vectors to the simplex domain implemented according to the paper: efficient projections onto the l1-ball for learning in high dimensions . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  null   vectors

test:  initialize the macrorecorder .
truth: initializes an instance of rtmbot with some default values . 
test:  initialize   version
truth:  initializes   null

test:  get the installed entrypoint entrypoint .
truth: get the entrypoint for the subproject . 
test:  list   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a simple log operator to log all the information in the log file .
truth: log elapsed time . 
test:  apply   repositories
truth:  elapsed   log

test:  assign forum id to view .
truth: return an id that can be assigned to a textbook and doesnt match the used_ids . 
test:  assign   run
truth:  return   return

test:  resets the database to the db .
truth: when running lettuce tests using examples . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  running   running

test:  resolve the encoding in the aliases view .
truth: return the encoding the given alias maps to . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  stop a sequence of variable information .
truth: compose rowfunc functions up a tree . 
test:  get   everything
truth:  compose   null

test:  get detailed information about the given api cli example: .
truth: gets information about the defined api keys . 
test:  given   details
truth:  gets   information

test:  takes a dict and a list of dictionaries .
truth: filters a list of dictionary by a set of key-value pair . 
test:  filters   null
truth:  filters   a

test:  attempts to debug a message with the request and writes it .
truth: adds a message with the debug level . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  make a set of inverse on sheet .
truth: apply inverse operator to epochs . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   inverse

test:  calculates the domain implementation for the specified template .
truth: returns an array of the modal value in the passed array . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  courses to certificates controller .
truth: departments controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns the nth moment of the given list of values .
truth: returns the n-th central moment of the given list of values . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  normalize a locale for the current locale .
truth: format a locale specifier according to the format returned by locale -a . 
test:  normalize   current
truth:  format   a

test:  use nd convolution to merge inputs .
truth: use nd convolution to merge inputs . 
test:  transforms   nd
truth:  use   nd

test:  return a list of indexing indexing -> none .
truth: chunk the items to index . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  null   chunk

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if matplotlib has matplotlib .
truth: determine if mpl is a usable version . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  assign a metaclass in a metaclass compatible fashion .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  craft a gcode file .
truth: craft a gcode file with the last module . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  validate that name is a valid serie or by the name .
truth: validate a mongodb namespace . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the configuration options for this vm .
truth: return a copy of the opts for use . 
test:  return   options
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if ver1 is a calculation .
truth: some arbitrary calculation with three numbers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compares two arrays and b .
truth: compare a and b ; return a differ-style delta . 
test:  null   return
truth:  compare   a

test:  makes a flask response with a data .
truth: convenient factory for objects implementing response interface . 
test:  do   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  retrieve the list of catalog from disk .
truth: get service catalog from keystone with token and all endpoints . 
test:  url   null
truth:  get   service

test:  return a utc date string meant to utc .
truth: format a timestamp as text . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  format   a

test:  removes an in-memory zone from the specified zone .
truth: remove a resource zone : string name of zone resource_type : string type of resource resource_key : string key for resource selection resource_value : string value for resource selection cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  use this function to find a python module name .
truth: note: must be holding the _lazylock . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handler for online .
truth: handler that uses hotshot to store profile data . 
test:  applies   node
truth:  null   handler

test:  send a message to a post server .
truth: send a message to a pushover user or group . 
test:  post   a
truth:  send   a

test:  takes the nervanagpu .
truth: produce tooltips for column dimensions used in chart configuration . 
test:  compose   a
truth:  produce   tooltips

test:  test creating chart data source from array-like data .
truth: test creating chart data source from array-like numpy data . 
test:  creating   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  the tixexfileselectbox widget is more user friendly than the motif style fileselectbox .
truth: the fileselectbox is a motif-style box with various enhancements . 
test:  null   messages
truth:  null   null

test:  set the command-line arguments .
truth: use basic logger . 
test:  make   a
truth:  use   use

test:  test either if an error is raised with a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  makes   test
truth:  test   test

test:  insert a database into the database .
truth: insert many rows into the database at once . 
test:  ignore   function
truth:  insert   insert

test:  run markdown from the command line .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  markdown   markdown
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return a generator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  yield   return
truth:  return   a

test:  begins watching source files for changes using the given .
truth: begins watching source files for changes . 
test:  watching   null
truth:  watching   null

test:  setup the introduction component .
truth: setup the telldus live component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level .
truth: adds indentation to text between the tags by the given indentation level . 
test:  null   replaces
truth:  indentation   indentation

test:  return a groups activity stream as html .
truth: return a users public activity stream as html . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the parameters of an array .
truth: read the vertex list into a numeric array . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  return the path to the module .
truth: get closest modules root begining from path # given: # /foo/bar/module_dir/static/src/ . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  truncate by w .
truth: truncate window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   step
truth:  truncate   window

test:  remove the given directory .
truth: remove the file . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  run markdown from the given options and run a file .
truth: run markdown from the command line . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  activate the system layout cli example: .
truth: set current x keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   current

test:  return a list of matching a title .
truth: ask the user for a file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  strip a list of files .
truth: strip a list of files . 
test:  output   run
truth:  strip   a

test:  function to translates a class to a logging message .
truth: obfuscate whisper depending on a pre-calculated level args: whisper : the whisper string to obscure . 
test:  value   a
truth:  obfuscate   null

test:  same as get_scene_numbering() .
truth: returns the scene numbering . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute a command and send it to a command .
truth: send a command down the channel return the output . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return a list of all the volumes on the master .
truth: wrapper around describe_volumes . 
test:  return   list
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  download an object from the s3 location .
truth: download this object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   response
truth:  download   download

test:  outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags .
truth: outputs one of the bits used to compose template tags . 
test:  outputs   one
truth:  outputs   one

test:  calculate the variance values for a given vector .
truth: calculate the variance for a list of integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  computes the confusion matrix .
truth: computes the confusion matrix of given vectors containing actual observations and predicted observations . 
test:  compute   replacement
truth:  computes   null

test:  dispatcher function for selecting the specific login login method required for the course .
truth: dispatcher function for selecting the specific login method required by the course . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  generate a buffer .
truth: generate a uuid from a host id . 
test:  return   options
truth:  generate   a

test:  correction multivariate normal assumes x is 1d parameters effect_size : float estimate of the residual variance or determinant of the residual variance .
truth: loglike multivariate normal copied from gls and adjusted names not sure why this differes from mvn_loglike . 
test:  null   density
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  language: pt-br -> scenario .
truth: language: pt-br -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   null

test:  filters the filters - targets - targets - targets - targets are the first xbps xbps and targets .
truth: images - filters - targets - nummodulesx - number of filter locations along an axis . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  -   -

test:  creates a class from a dictionary of classes .
truth: create and initialize a astroid class node . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  setup a the function with a different slogging .
truth: setup any state tied to the execution of the given function . 
test:  function   put
truth:  setup   setup

test:  uploads a file .
truth: upload a file to the given s3 bucket and return a template url . 
test:  uploads   upload
truth:  upload   a

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for multiple filenames to open returns a list of filenames or empty list if cancel button selected . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  returns compressed kmz from the given kml string .
truth: returns compressed kmz from the given kml string . 
test:  compressed   returns
truth:  compressed   returns

test:  key repository .
truth: fernet key repository is not setup correctly . 
test:  null   repositories
truth:  null   key

test:  drop a database .
truth: drop a database . 
test:  name   a
truth:  drop   a

test:  function to decide which key function to use .
truth: function to decide which key function to use . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  try to find the local ip address that can in the given target .
truth: get the "public" ip address without sending any packets . 
test:  return   connect
truth:  get   get

test:  fixture that returns cpu and setup backends .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 64 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the list of unique elements in the given tree .
truth: turn an expression into a list . 
test:  returns   conversion
truth:  turn   null

test:  load an image output from a given plugin .
truth: load named plugin(s) . 
test:  loads   modules
truth:  named   load

test:  test that you cant find all emails .
truth: find duplicate emails for removal where we have dups . 
test:  have   test
truth:  duplicate   duplicate

test:  read data from an existing binary file .
truth: read the data from the ssh channel uses a delay based mechansim . 
test:  reads   record
truth:  read   read

test:  decorator that bails a function to query its handlers .
truth: have the string class handle this with the cleaned string instead of ansistring . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  have   null

test:  check if a .
truth: this is also tested in test_dimacs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  is   null

test:  test that a number is positive .
truth: assert that the tpot cli interfaces integer parsing throws an exception when n < 0 . 
test:  test   assert
truth:  assert   assert

test:  verifies that a phone number is present .
truth: returns true if number is a verified number according to the leniency . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes the message to a file .
truth: use tempfile to first write out config in temp file then write to actual location . 
test:  write   null
truth:  use   tempfile

test:  check if a continuous query exists .
truth: check if continuous query with given name exists on the database . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the endpoint to use for the mailchimp payment .
truth: endpoint that the mailchimp webhook hits to check that the osf is responding . 
test:  function   function
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return server version cli example: .
truth: return version from ipset --version cli example: . 
test:  server   server
truth:  return   version

test:  return the matrix x with an shape and variance .
truth: draws an ellipse at with given fill and stroke color and stroke width . 
test:  draws   sum
truth:  draws   null

test:  setup the rate limiting .
truth: returns whether or not a user was rate limited . 
test:  process   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extracts all metadata for a given course_id and sets the given user .
truth: returns annotated content information for the specified course . 
test:  returns   metadata
truth:  annotated   returns

test:  list the installed versions of pyenv .
truth: list the installed versions of python . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get all file names matching a directory .
truth: get all file names matching a suffix in a directory . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return information on a specific interface cli examples: .
truth: return network interface buffer information using ethtool . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   network

test:  convert a numpy array into a numpy grid .
truth: create a 2-dimensional montage from a 3-dimensional input array representing an ensemble of equally shaped 2-dimensional images . 
test:  call   test
truth:  create   a

test:  creates a command to handle stdout .
truth: create a non-existing directory . 
test:  creates   custom
truth:  create   a

test:  a integrate to compute the url for a avatar .
truth: migration using pipes between initialized processes . 
test:  output   a
truth:  using   migration

test:  handle reproducible by removing dictionaries/lists in future .
truth: extracts information about the class regarding documentation . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  extracts   information

test:  load drivers from a given plugin .
truth: loads drivers for specific service . 
test:  load   a
truth:  loads   drivers

test:  tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the system metadata type .
truth: tests if a header key starts with and is longer than the user or system metadata prefix for given server type . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   tests

test:  fixture that returns a 'c'] table for all uploaded class .
truth: fixture to return a set of columns for mixin testing which includes an index column i . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  to   fixture

test:  return assist code for a given project .
truth: return python code completions as a list of codeassistproposals resource is a rope . 
test:  is   widgets
truth:  return   python

test:  use this method to get a game by the specified user .
truth: use this method to get data for high score tables . 
test:  url   a
truth:  use   use

test:  convert other to decimal .
truth: convert other to decimal . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a new group .
truth: create a new group . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  xattr_where_from -> 6 6 .
truth: return the value for the given key of the multidict . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if features is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if zpool-features is available . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  annotate a list of strings by folders into a list .
truth: add / suffixes to directories . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  add   add

test:  displays the headers and data list together .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   compute
truth:  displays   null

test:  extract hostname and port from uri .
truth: extract hostname and port from uri . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  determine if paths is a mapped point .
truth: determine if the point is close to the last point of the last path . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  returns all "unknown" patterns .
truth: resolve all pending annotations . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return a template object .
truth: the default prefix for temporary directories . 
test:  null   none
truth:  default   default

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a dictionary from a dictionary .
truth: transforms dictionary into pipeline object properties . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  given a value .
truth: return a key for a value . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts arrays to the flattened product of the string u .
truth: returns the cholesky decomposition . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that the query is configured .
truth: validate user configured location_strategy option value . 
test:  to   null
truth:  validate   user

test:  bitcast a double into a double integer .
truth: bitcast a 64-bit integer into a double . 
test:  bitcast   a
truth:  bitcast   a

test:  read ros handshake handshake header .
truth: read in tcpros header off the socket  sock using buffer  b . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   in

test:  logs out the logout .
truth: test logout endpoint . 
test:  null   check
truth:  logout   logout

test:  get the primary code at the given source code .
truth: return python object in *source_code* at *offset* periods to the left of the cursor are carried forward e . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   python

test:  default connection .
truth: returns a list of nogotofail . 
test:  collects   filter
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an xpath string based on the length of the argument in the xpath case .
truth: an ascii lowercase function for xpath . 
test:  detects   a
truth:  ascii   ascii

test:  get http data for a given trace .
truth: this is not so real as the data retrieved from the get_stack_trace_data_real() because were still injecting http data . 
test:  return   data
truth:  is   null

test:  merge changes into one dictionary .
truth: merge values from d2 into d1 ignoring empty / none values . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merge   values

test:  compute a generator of files and return a generator .
truth: given a vfs node . 
test:  generates   generator
truth:  given   a

test:  return a json representation of a python string .
truth: return a json representation of a python string . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a continuous random variable with a shifted gompertz distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with gompertz distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  deletes timings given model and stores them .
truth: deletes stored entities and time them . 
test:  delete   ntp
truth:  stored   null

test:  initialize the console logging .
truth: initializes logging only to console . 
test:  initialize   call
truth:  logging   logging

test:  formats the ipy dict of ipython as a string .
truth: builds ipython lexers depending on the value of python3 . 
test:  form   build
truth:  builds   ipython

test:  replace all values in string with their respective chars .
truth: serialize value with quotes e . 
test:  string   a
truth:  value   value

test:  get a single word from a single array of data .
truth: get mri_head_t from mri filename . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the xml string and parse the buffer .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the custom model class corresponding to the model .
truth: sets required setting in a model a/c custom form . 
test:  null   a
truth:  required   sets

test:  find the n largest elements in a dataset .
truth: find the n largest elements in a dataset . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  runs the english and its rqt .
truth: delete rereviewqueuetheme objects whose themes did not cascade delete with add-on . 
test:  make   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a list of the list of paths to the given dir .
truth: return a list of startup dirs . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the concurrency source .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with the same seed produce the same samples . 
test:  test   images
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  enable the use of microsites during the startup script .
truth: prepare the feature settings that must be enabled before django . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  prepare   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return the shortcut of the shortcut .
truth: returns the shortcut looking into custom_shortcuts and shortcuts . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the url including the given prefix and takes its prefix and returns the c{attribute} .
truth: extract the url prefix from a regex match . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  extract   null

test:  retrieve authenticated user case .
truth: gets a saved user authenticated by a particular backend . 
test:  allow   user
truth:  gets   a

test:  get all volume types by name .
truth: get volume types by name or id . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   volume

test:  decorator to output status info to stdout .
truth: decorator to output status info to stdout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  setup the demo light platform .
truth: setup the demo binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a generator which yields all blocks of a xml file .
truth: returns a dictionary of split codon locations relative to each fragments end . 
test:  return   indentation
truth:  returns   a

test:  test the normal test .
truth: check that rows and columns sum to the same constant . 
test:  test   features
truth:  check   check

test:  return the full data about the publication .
truth: return the full data about the publication . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  train a pypy .
truth: loads the parameters used for training parameters yaml_file_path: string path to the configuration file save_path: string saving path . 
test:  save   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  decorator to wait long a method to a parallel .
truth: decorator to wait if any sync operations are in progress . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  convert stashed to a string .
truth: extract raw html from stash . 
test:  replaces   convert
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper for *modname* .
truth: get the rdfurn of the current audit log . 
test:  compute   attempt
truth:  get   get

test:  return the url for the osf .
truth: return copy of url with password removed . 
test:  url   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns basic mentions for consecutive consecutive response .
truth: find all instances of @username in the string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  find   find

test:  calculate the vector of jitter .
truth: a timeout policy for l{clientservice} which computes an exponential backoff interval with configurable parameters . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  null   timeout

test:  run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied .
truth: run a test case only when given requirements are satisfied . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  finds plain text multi theory and correctness in the nearest plane .
truth: finds the nearest on-sky matches of a coordinate or coordinates in a set of catalog coordinates . 
test:  read   session
truth:  finds   null

test:  test the option of a line option .
truth: test line with a secondary serie . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   line

test:  add a scales sources which will be needed for the given interface .
truth: creates an elf file . 
test:  uses   edit
truth:  creates   null

test:  return a proxied image url that resizes the original url to maxwidth .
truth: return a proxied image url that resizes the original image to maxwidth . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns all entries in a list .
truth: return all possible permutations of l . 
test:  tokens   string
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the maximum number of non-zero elements .
truth: get the maximum denominator in a sequence of fraction and int objects . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of files for the given folder .
truth: find the file tree under a specified folder . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   find

test:  return the cover page for the given container name .
truth: find a document marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has an expiration date in the response .
truth: returns a response that expired without ever being renewed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  compile a regular expression with a identified attribute name .
truth: returns a function that takes one argument and returns true or false . 
test:  compiles   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a metadef object .
truth: get a metadef object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sets a new zabbix version cli example: .
truth: returns the api version derived from endpoints response . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of all installed directories for a given package .
truth: get a list of directories containing sub-packages . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  get   a

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_params_and_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_params_and_context_from_template

test:  return the validation digit digit .
truth: calculates the validation digit for the given number . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a theano variable that is a theano cast[theano .
truth: this code is taken from pylearn2: casts a given variable into dtype config . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  code   code

test:  compute student profile information for a course and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download .
truth: compute information about invited students who have not enrolled in a given course yet and upload the csv to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  compute   student
truth:  compute   information

test:  centers the value in a field of a given width .
truth: centers the value in a field of a given width . 
test:  centers   centers
truth:  centers   centers

test:  compare partitions of w .
truth: enumerates the partitions of multiset with aocp algorithm and baseline implementation . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  destroy the class class or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  add to or create a new cflags in the make .
truth: add to or create a new cflags in the make . 
test:  to   add
truth:  to   add

test:  save the stats to total total .
truth: save migration stats to the database . 
test:  save   memory_map
truth:  save   migration

test:  resolving a pipeline based on a pipeline .
truth: used to actually invoke a powershell command . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  to   null

test:  get document info .
truth: attempt to fetch a document at the given locale and slug . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   attempt

test:  returns true if the specified file has been run .
truth: determine if the specified executable is a . 
test:  to   check
truth:  if   null

test:  cleans a docker headers from the http header .
truth: remove any headers which should not apply to an error response . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  monkey-patch the data_query_time and adds nodes to nodes .
truth: patches the given node after calling . 
test:  retrieves   assignment_only_unlimited_args
truth:  patches   patches

test:  send e-mail when a e-mail is clicked .
truth: send an e-mail representing the supplied reply to a review . 
test:  email   a
truth:  send   send

test:  measure the whole benchmark on a list of input .
truth: measure runtimes of prediction in both atomic and bulk mode . 
test:  estimate   runtime
truth:  measure   measure

test:  helper function to wait for a given process to its active parts .
truth: waits till spawned process finishes and closes the handle for it parameters process_handle : handle the windows handle for the process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   waits

test:  get vector3 from prefixes .
truth: get vector3 from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  redirect to a given namespace .
truth: for urls in special namespaces . 
test:  set   prefix
truth:  null   urls

test:  validate the response and meets a properly response .
truth: raise a helpful plotlyrequesterror for failed requests . 
test:  null   response
truth:  raise   a

test:  compute the log of x .
truth: compute the log of the logistic function . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  encrypts text on an ssh to a file .
truth: encrypt text with an ssh public key . 
test:  text   null
truth:  text   text

test:  get a continues file from the datasets of a unsets object .
truth: the test will be skipped when using if_graphviz_found fixture and graphviz dot command is not found . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  test   test

test:  default inbox page .
truth: received messages index page . 
test:  owned   null
truth:  received   messages

test:  returns true/false whether the given descriptors has a port for the specified key .
truth: return whether a user has a permission globally or on a given object . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns false if graphs are isomorphic .
truth: returns false if graphs are definitely not isomorphic . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profileentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  check if the code is available .
truth: checks if we have a fresh cache available for item requested . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns whether the given backend is enabled for the given backend .
truth: check if the current backend is smtp based . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  uninstall an flocker task by removing it from the applications .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from the given distribution . 
test:  turn   uninstall
truth:  return   return

test:  register sample function to be executed upon normal program termination - function to be intervals - optional keyword arguments - optional arguments to be power var2 var2 - optional keyword
truth: register a function to be executed upon normal program termination func - function to be called at exit targs - optional arguments to pass to func kargs - optional keyword arguments to pass to func func is returned to facilitate usage as a decorator . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  task add .
truth: taskstatus add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  return two dicts .
truth: get all of the parent classes of c{c} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  make a thumbnail with a same aspect ratio centered centered centered centered centered centered .
truth: make a thumbnail with the same aspect ratio centered in an image with a given width and height . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  test that when we generate a tensor this tensor for a cudandarray .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from cudandarray to garray back to cudandarray . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  get the shortest unique name in the settings .
truth: get the shortest unique name in the settings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts a dict to a naive datetime .
truth: convert an aware date to an naive date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert a string to bytes .
truth: transform string to bytes . 
test:  convert   unicode
truth:  string   string

test:  converts singular values to a different format .
truth: computes the squared euclidean distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   test
truth:  computes   null

test:  find the last plugin directory .
truth: plugins arent in the same path as the libvlc . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   plugins

test:  check to see if the specified kernel module is available or not .
truth: check to see if the specified kernel module is available cli example: . 
test:  check   check
truth:  to   check

test:  api method to update the badge context if a current user has completed .
truth: updates context with badge info . 
test:  context   user
truth:  context   context

test:  test working_copy() with a working copy of sudo .
truth: test working_copy() with sudo . 
test:  working   test
truth:  test   test

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  submit echoprints .
truth: submit echoprints . 
test:  submit   puids
truth:  submit   null

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  use   indentation
truth:  use   use

test:  require a project .
truth: require foo test project . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   foo

test:  set the state to the base and its status .
truth: set the constant state_location to the given statelocation . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of all files in the provided results .
truth: get the set of files that are affected in the given results . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  landing page for webclient .
truth: webclient page template loading . 
test:  view   null
truth:  null   page

test:  display list of redirects to the redirects .
truth: full themes have already been renamed to complete themes! . 
test:  query   use
truth:  themes   themes

test:  return an proxy type whose methods are given by exposed .
truth: return a proxy type whose methods are given by exposed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the file exists .
truth: determines if the given filename has a suffix that identifies it as a test . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   null

test:  check the anchor for a running file .
truth: reads html data from a filelike object f searching for anchor hash . 
test:  reads   check
truth:  reads   html

test:  check whether object is a tuple of .
truth: helper function to determine if a function is a list or sequence . 
test:  return   implementation
truth:  function   function

test:  bind all parameters of the given string .
truth: helper method that binds parameters to a sql query . 
test:  bind   method
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the identity nodes in the given graph .
truth: return the identityinterface nodes in the graph the nodes are in topological sort order . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  simple_stmt : simple_stmt | expr_stmt .
truth: compound_stmt : if_stmt | funcdef . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   compound_stmt

test:  sends a score that can be deleted .
truth: create and send the xml message to the campus lms system to update the grade for a single graded assignment . 
test:  send   changes
truth:  create   create

test:  get the maximum element .
truth: get the length of the length minus one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generator that yields all lines of a sequence .
truth: like itertools . 
test:  return   null
truth:  like   itertools

test:  encode jose base-64 der .
truth: encode certificate as jose base-64 der . 
test:  is   crypto
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  return list of preferred aliases for the current list of aliases .
truth: given an list of alias structures for an artist credit . 
test:  return   windows
truth:  given   null

test:  returns a list of the allowed for the given view .
truth: returns a list of view plugins that work against the resource provided the data_dict contains: resource and package . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  channelwise part of cross sigmoid function .
truth: computes cross entropy loss for pre-sigmoid activations . 
test:  allow   elementwise
truth:  cross   cross

test:  set the path to the path .
truth: set the base settings directory path . 
test:  sets   manager
truth:  set   set

test:  a no-op way to shutdown the testing .
truth: shut down cublas . 
test:  called   cast_expression
truth:  shut   null

test:  get a specific sm sm .
truth: get a specific sm flavor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if influxdb lib is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  check   return
truth:  return   return

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute < the value given .
truth: usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute >= the value given . 
test:  attr_gt   attr_gt
truth:  attr_gt   attr_gt

test:  function to check the right template for the specified template .
truth: function to return the question for the given series with the code that matches the one passed in . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   function

test:  return true if the named service is enabled at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid extraneous whitespace around the following situations: - immediately inside parentheses .
truth: avoid extraneous whitespace after a comma or a colon . 
test:  avoid   null
truth:  avoid   null

test:  get the matrix x .
truth: return the zca whitening principal components matrix . 
test:  null   bootstrap
truth:  return   return

test:  test with mixin .
truth: make sure the correct exception is raised if srcdir is not given . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  connect to amazon machine .
truth: connect to a eucalyptus service . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple function to run the riak shell .
truth: runs a test of a few standard riak operations . 
test:  test   test
truth:  runs   a

test:  explicitly import a function as deprecated .
truth: usage: import_and_wrap_deprecated(conda . 
test:  wraps   imports
truth:  null   null

test:  load the request from the childen api .
truth: load photo/document into byteio/file container from a source . 
test:  url   authentication
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a iterator of pem strings .
truth: encode enumerable as compact string representation . 
test:  returns   decode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  list all installed plugins .
truth: utility function to get upgradable packages sample return data: { pkgname: 1 . 
test:  return   information
truth:  function   function

test:  return the contents of the files that owns a given file .
truth: read the contents of a text file . 
test:  return   list
truth:  read   read

test:  transform key-value or set the existing orm to a set of tuples with the arguments .
truth: add named columns to table . 
test:  evaluate   transform
truth:  named   add

test:  sends an email to a recipient task .
truth: alter context passed in and call email send task . 
test:  send   email
truth:  context   context

test:  given an iterable of iterables .
truth: a higher-level wrapper over _factorize_from_iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a dict consisting of an image tag .
truth: convert an image tag string to an rpm version if necessary empty strings and strings that are already in rpm version format are ignored . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the interactive status for interactive requests .
truth: return status of interactive mode . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   status

test:  return the parameters from the database .
truth: download and return an example dataset from stata . 
test:  given   a
truth:  download   download

test:  does the node represent a tuple .
truth: does the node represent a tuple literal? . 
test:  check   null
truth:  does   null

test:  updates global state when a task is ready .
truth: update global state when a task is ready . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  get the unique index which has length .
truth: get uniquequoteindex . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if flags is update .
truth: true if the opcode in flags is update . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return a filedescriptor .
truth: get a filedescriptor from something which could be a file or an fd . 
test:  given   a
truth:  get   a

test:  utility to obtain a suitable file from the given format .
truth: creates and returns a filewriter object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  flags a comment .
truth: flags a comment . 
test:  flags   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  execute a hadoop command .
truth: hadoop command wrapper in order to prevent random execution the module name is checked follows hadoop command template: hadoop module -command args e . 
test:  tell   a
truth:  command   command

test:  compose the newton of the keyboard distribution .
truth: compute the composed sum prod(p2 for beta root of p1) examples . 
test:  to   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the path to the widget .
truth: return the platform dependent directory where widgets save their settings . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper for canonicalization .
truth: run deseq2 negative binomial wald algorithm through rscript . 
test:  run   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   deseq2

test:  computes the paired manhattan distances between x and y .
truth: compute the l1 distances between the vectors in x and y . 
test:  computes   check
truth:  compute   compute

test:  document the t-test for the :jenkins-wiki:custom graph that is over the boundary i when the && input is false .
truth: tries to graph the timeskew between the timestamps and real time for a given ip . 
test:  is   division
truth:  to   null

test:  test that a setting from a setting value .
truth: test issue in #2997 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  does the given value have a nonnegative produce a string .
truth: test if an object is iterable . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   test

test:  returns a string identifying the oid .
truth: quick and dirty means of doing sysctl -n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compute an expression of the middle dimension of build and indexable labels .
truth: pads or slices 3-d labels to match logits . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  write a summary of all the files in this file .
truth: write a summary of all found codes to stdout . 
test:  write   create
truth:  write   a

test:  determine if a procedure text is a gcode text .
truth: determine if the procedure has been done on the gcode text or the file is empty . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  similar to tornado .
truth: adapts a callback-based asynchronous function for use in coroutines . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   a

test:  runs a akismet spam using the spam api and optionally view .
truth: checks for spam content against akismet api . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  save the repository parameters to the repository .
truth: apply any overrides that have been set at the command line . 
test:  defines   list
truth:  apply   apply

test:  convert a network and rois within an image into network inputs .
truth: converts rois into network inputs . 
test:  convert   features
truth:  converts   converts

test:  for each predicate that is not a sleep for other steps .
truth: like common . 
test:  leading   checks
truth:  like   like

test:  execute the command .
truth: what the whois command returns depends on the whois server it contacted and is not consistent through different servers . 
test:  returns   datetime
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure a given launch asg .
truth: ensure the named launch configuration is deleted . 
test:  ensure   remove
truth:  ensure   null

test:  decorator for scrolled .
truth: generates a custom action to validate an arbitrary range of arguments . 
test:  to   implementation
truth:  generates   a

test:  table with groups .
truth: use boolean mask as item in __getitem__ for groups . 
test:  github   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  ensure that the unicode objects do not throw an exception .
truth: ensure unicode escapes are handled correctly . 
test:  test   stream
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  returns a new cursor with all rows from a cursor as a dict .
truth: work around sqlite issue whereby cursor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  work   work

test:  view that returns a cookies page .
truth: a 403 message that looks nicer than the normal apache forbidden page . 
test:  returns   file
truth:  null   a

test:  parse the log options .
truth: parses a log path . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this is a helper function that raises a new random connector if the interface is not false .
truth: send an email . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  add a new note to firebase .
truth: adds a note to the users notebook . 
test:  logs   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  julian calendar date for the julian date .
truth: gregorian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  updates a store .
truth: updates a store . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  get vector3 path from prefix and add it to the square list .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  converts a unicode object to text .
truth: converts a string to a text string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  solves the parametrized quadratic form .
truth: solves the quadratic ternary diophantine equation . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get a db type or raise if not found .
truth: get a namespace resource_type association . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original .
truth: returns true if derivative is out-of-date wrt original . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the title or a url to an url .
truth: returns the display_name attribute of the passed in node of the course tree . 
test:  return   search
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict of the providers providers with filter a list of verbs strings .
truth: get the list of course providers and make them comma seperated string . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a tenant and return true if the tenant exists .
truth: ensure that a tenant exists . 
test:  if   verifies
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert an image id to a glance id .
truth: convert an internal id to a glance id . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  sends an boolean if the deprecated connection is deprecated .
truth: this method is deprecated . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   method

test:  gets debugging object informations about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message about the vlc type source code .
truth: gets vlc object information about a log message: the type name of the vlc object emitting the message . 
test:  gets   vlc
truth:  gets   vlc

test:  parse a network string according to a m2m dictionary .
truth: parse the machine_id to get mac . 
test:  parse   network
truth:  parse   parse

test:  same as urllib .
truth: same as urllib . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a := .
truth: unregister a help file in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   a

test:  test ordered_dict validator .
truth: test template validator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  template   template

test:  replacement for a resource type and retry .
truth: get resource object that corresponds to resource id . 
test:  pull   object
truth:  get   resource

test:  attempt to remove the given directory .
truth: recursively remove all files and directories below and including a specified directory . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  normalize the path to a file .
truth: normalize a file/dir name for comparison purposes . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  normalize   a

test:  return a dictionary of hosts and a set of hosts .
truth: gets every host that has had a benchmark run on it . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  create a port on a specified network .
truth: create a port on a specified network . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add to threads from the last location from loop .
truth: add to threads from the last location from loop . 
test:  to   loop
truth:  to   add

test:  deserialize fp (a .
truth: deserialize fp (a . 
test:  loads   deserialize
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch all apps to specified branch . 
test:  start   frappe
truth:  switch   switch

test:  shutdown a running system at_time the wait time .
truth: shutdown the system . 
test:  shutdown   null
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  send a delete request to the rgba .
truth: send a delete request for the specified object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return true if the given object points to be a valid helper function .
truth: returns true if the given evpn ethernet segmentethernet id is valid . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  view returning the tokenizer of the denied page .
truth: return an access denied response object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  detect if any item in the list .
truth: the sum of the lengths of the shortest paths to each other user . 
test:  null   test
truth:  sum   sum

test:  get the file paths of the python source file .
truth: get the file paths in the directory of the file in directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get publisher driver and load it .
truth: get publisher driver and load it . 
test:  get   publisher
truth:  get   publisher

test:  returns true if g is distance .
truth: returns true if the graph is distance regular . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display a tab tab with a page .
truth: example of a simple page tab . 
test:  null   example
truth:  null   example

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   function
truth:  return   a

test:  disassociate a fixed ip from a fixed ip by address .
truth: disassociate a fixed ip from an instance by address . 
test:  disassociate   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  return the number of users that are followed by the given user .
truth: return the number of followers of a user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator that calls the user .
truth: decorator that calls urls . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  verifies the full text file .
truth: verify a message or file text the text to verify . 
test:  create   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  n-dimensional geometric transform using a given geometric mapping .
truth: wrapper around _nd_image . 
test:  function   transform
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  check for the specified key .
truth: check to see if a key exists . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   check

test:  rename a new user .
truth: create copies of existing subtitles with new names of html5 sources . 
test:  uses   exception
truth:  copies   copies

test:  helper function to construct a json response .
truth: patch any object in kubernetes based on url . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  set a key/value pair in the etcd service .
truth: set a key/value pair in the etcd service . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  create a channel .
truth: create a channel . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  adds the current handler which will raise valueerror if it fails .
truth: cleanup post-testing . 
test:  function   a
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  retrieve info on a fixed ip .
truth: unreserve a fixed ip . 
test:  reserve   a
truth:  null   a

test:  direct dictionary to rst for whitespace between certain whitespace .
truth: return restructuredtext from docstring . 
test:  whitespace   null
truth:  return   restructuredtext

test:  create the gl gl backend .
truth: create app and canvas so we have a context . 
test:  test   server
truth:  create   app

test:  generate a set of sequences for countgraph .
truth: generate two sets of sequences . 
test:  creates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  helper function for the git state .
truth: clear out the ext pillar caches . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  clear   null

test:  yields a bucket that resets the given config after the test .
truth: yields a bucket that resets its acl after the test completes . 
test:  to   a
truth:  yields   a

test:  converts a time in seconds to seconds since the epoch .
truth: converts integer sec to h:mm:ss format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   integer

test:  iterates over files and yields all its info .
truth: yield info of each matching screenshot found walking the directory dir_name . 
test:  to   generator
truth:  yield   info

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  return the system flag for the disk .
truth: return disk i/o statistics . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  return   disk

test:  creates a directory .
truth: creates a dir with the given path . 
test:  like   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  make sure a middleware is not valid .
truth: wraps the application in the wdg validator from url validation errors are appended to the text of each page . 
test:  evaluates   a
truth:  wraps   null

test:  process the target by manipulation .
truth: process the target by the manipulationfunction . 
test:  process   loop
truth:  process   process

test:  return a dictionary with notifications args: kwargs: : list of notifications since the user or any of the notifications .
truth: return any email notifications for the given user since since . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load an object given its absolute object name .
truth: load object from module . 
test:  load   load
truth:  object   object

test:  decorator to use the result of the function .
truth: decorator for checks on urlparser instances that need to be paranoid . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  only load this module if splunk is installed on this minion .
truth: only load if the mysql module is in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  lists datastores in this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: returns a list of data stores on opennebula . 
test:  returns   lists
truth:  returns   a

test:  split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers .
truth: split a pathname into unc mount point and relative path specifiers . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  default function to generate the current user .
truth: get current time in utc as iso 8601 string . 
test:  return   calls
truth:  get   current

test:  approximately approximately approximately .
truth: search backwards and return an re match object or none . 
test:  receives   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version .
truth: returns a pep 386-compliant version number from version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a template with a template .
truth: renders the template and fires the signal . 
test:  renders   rendering
truth:  renders   null

test:  a function which can be used to test the views .
truth: conv_methods = [ int . 
test:  test   test
truth:  =   =

test:  return arp-cache for the given meter .
truth: return the total volume for a meter . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert attribute to a list of strings .
truth: convert snetinfo object to list . 
test:  scale   nodes
truth:  convert   convert

test:  runs the command .
truth: run the flask development server i . 
test:  defines   run
truth:  run   run

test:  usage: lx decode-url history .
truth: display the recent users played songs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  display   display

test:  efficiently compute the grade grade params from a stale stale image array .
truth: get tris defined for a certain grade . 
test:  used   returns
truth:  get   tris

test:  school types: restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  create listeners on a given name .
truth: create listeners on an elb . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   listeners

test:  python module name .
truth: create unique filepath . 
test:  to   get
truth:  create   create

test:  test for solving on keypoints .
truth: simple test where x is all zeros . 
test:  test   utility
truth:  test   test

test:  check that a precision can be used .
truth: check that time object really holds more precision than float64 by looking at the summed 64-bit result and asserting equality at the bit level . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  a decorator that caches the field of a function .
truth: decorator to run a function as a tasklet when called . 
test:  null   wrap
truth:  to   decorator

test:  creates a popen process from a file .
truth: portable popen() interface . 
test:  null   system
truth:  null   null

test:  return the __init__ file name of the __init__ file .
truth: return buildbot_version environment variable . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  add a user to database .
truth: add a user group in database . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  waits for the element to be either the dom or not present on the dom .
truth: wait for the element to be present and clickable . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  clears the screen .
truth: clears the entire screen . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clears   null

test:  makes sure the egl for the enrollment is desired .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  decorate   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  write a set of human-readable data into a set of bytes .
truth: generate an input file for megam based on the given corpus of classified tokens . 
test:  write   use
truth:  generate   generate

test:  execute a python element with an explicit protocol .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars is ok and return a tuple . 
test:  running   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  merges into a "user" .
truth: refresh druid datasources . 
test:  handle   merge
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  given a list of extractor .
truth: return a list of supported extractors . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets all fixed ips by vif on a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  recursively replace all classes of the given model .
truth: return the list of successively overridden values of attribute name in mro order on model that satisfy predicate . 
test:  transform   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get a wsgi connection .
truth: return an open connection to the database . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  double url-encodes all characters in a given payload notes: * useful to bypass some weak web application firewalls that do not double url-decode the request before processing it through their
truth: converts all characters in a given payload reference: url . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  warn whether there are no nonexistent to the targets .
truth: prints out a warning on the given log printer for all targets that are not existent within the given sections . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  prints   prints

test:  receive a service in the service .
truth: returns first message from deque at key given by share in rx_msgs if any otherwise returns none . 
test:  is   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print the grep line of a goto .
truth: called when search -> greps right-click goto action . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  called   null

test:  return root variable name for root .
truth: returns paths made relative to root . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  returns   paths

test:  return the grains from the proxy location .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  returns an unused port on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a new dictionary with the dictionaries and dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: makes a copy of input dictionary from_dict such that all values that are dictionaries result in creation of a new dictionary . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  split a path into .
truth: get the parent path and basename . 
test:  split   null
truth:  get   get

test:  create a direct client .
truth: create a new client over ssl/tls if necessary . 
test:  create   data
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a string representing the ternary field value for a ternary .
truth: value ? true_val : false_val . 
test:  null   a
truth:  value   value

test:  helper method for collect fields of resource fields .
truth: return only the resource items that are in fields . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check a blaze expression for most common english variables .
truth: returns true_dict if cond_expr evaluates to true . 
test:  evpn   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  start the keyboard assistant server .
truth: start the home assistant instance to test . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the list of *locale codes .
truth: returns the closest match for the given locale codes . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a migration or raise if it does not exist .
truth: finds a migration by the id . 
test:  context   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  this check works with a new shape .
truth: try rechunking a random 2d matrix . 
test:  test   rechunking
truth:  try   rechunking

test:  function that instantiates a keys key and returns the string with the given key .
truth: utility function to handle different ways of requesting keys . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  function   function

test:  get the sqs notification service .
truth: get the aws sqs notification service . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  append a percentage of non-encoded non-encoded to the end of "information_schema" identifier .
truth: embraces complete query with versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  replaces   ipv4
truth:  complete   null

test:  perform a pickle number .
truth: unpickle pickled objects from a specified file and return the contents . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  pickled   unpickle

test:  create a new server certificate .
truth: start cherrypy server . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   cherrypy

test:  expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   inclusion_unlimited_args

test:  ensure that the regular attribute works .
truth: test that it creates the config . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  setup sitemap .
truth: setup conntects events to the sitemap builder . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the prefix for the user type .
truth: returns the prefix for user metadata headers for given server type . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the cumulative cdf for the given iso-8601 .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return decorrelation .
truth: symmetric decorrelation i . 
test:  null   bytes
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  converts a numpy array into a flattened .
truth: converts sympys matrix to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  send event for a platforms event .
truth: emit events for a bookmark . 
test:  null   null
truth:  emit   events

test:  test unicode axes view .
truth: verify that python2 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  complete xonfig with the given prefix .
truth: completion for xonfig . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  null   completion

test:  ask for a filename to save as a file .
truth: ask for a filename to open . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  record database use this tests .
truth: unit test all modules within sahana using cherrypys webtest nb this doesnt yet work . 
test:  see   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse the given port and return a text .
truth: parses a port number from a string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  import and return a module to it .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  import   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  convert the input value to the operating date and returns the new date .
truth: convert value to given numeric type t . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  value   value

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generator for a search list .
truth: searches python code for a list of template names . 
test:  function   a
truth:  searches   python

test:  returns true if the root is algebraic as a yaml: yaml: .
truth: return true if p is comprised of only rationals or square roots of rationals and algebraic operations . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the user url for a media .
truth: generate default media url . 
test:  null   metadata
truth:  default   default

test:  converts a string to a valid floating point number .
truth: strip leading or trailing double colon . 
test:  prints   function
truth:  leading   strip

test:  parse a list of ftp objects or xtheme using ftp .
truth: parse out ftp creds . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  logs a type of a linked condition .
truth: condition: scalar tensor . 
test:  prefix   line
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a textual filename into a list of key-value pairs .
truth: parse a pascal voc xml file . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the hub for the current thread .
truth: return the type of hub to use for the current thread . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   return

test:  converts mask from /xx format to xxx .
truth: converts mask from /xx format to xxx . 
test:  mask   mask
truth:  mask   mask

test:  heavily all columns of a given text .
truth: percent-encode only the characters that are syntactically necessary for serialization . 
test:  text   message
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a tensor with a given sample threads .
truth: helper function to compute the histogram of a tensor . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: list available images for azure . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute .
truth: decorator that logs how long a particular function took to execute . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create and return a temporary secret from a given secret .
truth: fetches the named secret into a temporary file for use with modules requiring the contents be accessible via a named file . 
test:  returns   need
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns true if we can access to the secret key .
truth: return whether or not a user can list all buckets accessable by this keys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  check that "hubble" needs a null hypothesis doesnt segfault into the src src when the null point is able to a limited list .
truth: test a case where instantiated objects were not getting correctly reused across references . 
test:  test   use
truth:  test   a

test:  send http request to the telegram api .
truth: make the http request and return the body as python object . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  make   null

test:  checks to see if a string is a decimal string .
truth: checks whether a string is decimal . 
test:  checks   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the file similar to the proxy modules .
truth: return modules for spms file handling . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  sets a python value for a type .
truth: calculate kruskal wallis u stat and pval using scipy . 
test:  run   flag
truth:  calculate   kruskal

test:  return a function with highest func score; tie goes to func .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; break ties at random . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the uri prefix for a uri or symlink .
truth: remove potential version prefix in uri . 
test:  strips   html
truth:  remove   remove

test:  list installed states and are table and templates cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  return   server
truth:  return   a

test:  read all evoked data from a fif file .
truth: read evoked dataset(s) . 
test:  null   projections
truth:  evoked   read

test:  check there is no differences found in the config file .
truth: checks that the dict passed for vm configuration matches the required interface declared at the top of __main__ . 
test:  if   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  a wrapper for inline .
truth: wrapper for device-jit . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  build a fields for an expression tree .
truth: helper function for rewrite . 
test:  null   a
truth:  function   function

test:  disables a plugin tracking tracking of a given instance this decorator looks like an instance of the instance .
truth: disables instance tracking of plugin instances within plugincontext via get/get_all and similar methods . 
test:  extended   decorator
truth:  disables   instance

test:  attach a queryset representation of a role .
truth: attach roles to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   roles

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  test rgb to hsl color function .
truth: test rgb to hsl color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   rgb

test:  options nit : int .
truth: server-specific shutdown steps . 
test:  clean   certificate
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  make a pipelineloader operator .
truth: create an ssp operator from ssp projection vectors . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  decode a raw base64 encoded data .
truth: jose base64 decode . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  generate a temporary analyze file .
truth: generate temporary analyze file pair . 
test:  loads   function
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  return the characters &<>" in string .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given a truncated .
truth: convert day adverbs to dates tomorrow => date today => date . 
test:  create   date
truth:  convert   day

test:  return an iterable object .
truth: pad -> iterator pad an iterable with value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pad   pad

test:  returns an iterator over the current |message| .
truth: perform the yadis protocol on the input url and return an iterable of resulting endpoint objects . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  perform   null

test:  cm request type cm section 9 .
truth: cm re-establishment request section 9 . 
test:  updating   information
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if domain a domain b is a domain .
truth: return true if domain a domain-matches domain b . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the position of the media player .
truth: set movie position as percentage between 0 . 
test:  set   parses
truth:  set   movie

test:  remove the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  same as not not b .
truth: returns true if a is divisible by b and false otherwise . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  index_weblinks page: .
truth: index_documents page: displays all documents . 
test:  default   null
truth:  null   null

test:  helper to run a module in a separate module namespace .
truth: helper to run code in new namespace with sys modified . 
test:  module   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode common content-transfer-encodings . 
test:  encode   encodes
truth:  encode   encode

test:  get or create open anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous anonymous token .
truth: returns open anonymous cart with given token or creates new . 
test:  get   open
truth:  open   open

test:  logs out the login with the user .
truth: logs out the user if he is logged in . 
test:  logout   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  return the path to the operating system .
truth: return the default application id . 
test:  return   translate
truth:  return   return

test:  nice -> string return a nice version of s .
truth: nice representation of an object . 
test:  schedule   text
truth:  null   representation

test:  change the string to end of a symbol .
truth: remove html tags . 
test:  replaces   a
truth:  remove   html

test:  return a dict that is the correct email for a random release .
truth: returns a string roughly approximating an email . 
test:  go   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  wrapper around the configurable manager .
truth: get memory status information . 
test:  outputs   boolean
truth:  get   memory

test:  turns a portion of direction directions where direction is needed .
truth: comparison in order to sort portion directions in ascending order of portion then direction . 
test:  compares   return
truth:  null   in

test:  convert a cmp= function into a key= function .
truth: convert a cmp= function into a key= function . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used by scheduling scheduling library .
truth: helper for periodicity to find the period of a list of simpler functions . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the equivalent of deprecated state .
truth: returns an object containing the state of the warnings module . 
test:  function   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given the system tags .
truth: given the user system_tags . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parse an http comma header into a :class:~werkzeug .
truth: parse an oauth authorization header into a list of 2-tuples . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  generate a dataset with number_items elements .
truth: generate a dataset with number_items elements . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  wrapper for edit/new/list .
truth: parse a method descriptor . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a value from the wsgi environment .
truth: get a value from the wsgi environ dictionary as bytes . 
test:  get   generator
truth:  get   a

test:  read epochs from epochs .
truth: reader function for eeglab epochs files . 
test:  read   events
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if the file exists .
truth: return true if given path exists on the current remote host . 
test:  add   check
truth:  return   return

test:  extract a a a list of tuples .
truth: extracts strings in form data and returns a dict . 
test:  extracts   response
truth:  extracts   strings

test:  mean squared logarithmic error between two tensors .
truth: mean squared error loss . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  squared   mean

test:  returns the equation for x .
truth: get equation for rectangular x . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  subscription view .
truth: subscription view . 
test:  view   edit
truth:  view   view

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns a list of published entries .
truth: retrieve all entries from a feed url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a generator for the list of sequences .
truth: divides a list into columns . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  divides   a

test:  return an items object .
truth: sorting key function that is robust to different types both strings and tuples are common key types in dask graphs . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sorting   key

test:  return the xdg directory where ipython itself is installed .
truth: get the cache directory it is created if it does not exist . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a function using a nonlinear algorithm .
truth: unconstrained minimization of a function using the newton-cg method . 
test:  minimize   a
truth:  null   null

test:  set selling list of accounts .
truth: set price list based on customer or shopping cart default . 
test:  list   default
truth:  set   price

test:  determine if we should wait for the managed cloud automation before running .
truth: determine if we should wait for rackconnect automation before running . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write a changelog based on the git changelog .
truth: write a changelog based on the git changelog . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  check if the contents of the given html .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  a user should not cause an invalid user .
truth: get config from an invalid ~/ . 
test:  config   a
truth:  config   config

test:  return the volume type for a volume .
truth: determines and returns the volume_type and iops for a boto create_volume call for a given profile_name . 
test:  add   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the vapps for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for large p .
truth: factor a square-free f in gf(p)[x] for medium p . 
test:  return   f
truth:  null   a

test:  return a string for a certain title:message .
truth: collapse uid lists into shorter sequence sets [1 . 
test:  takes   datetime
truth:  null   uid

test:  get y xmax data from four vertices .
truth: find maximum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   maximum

test:  setup the gpsd component .
truth: setup nx584 platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  register a function or method as an optional role .
truth: register an interpreted text role by its canonical name . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   register

test:  retrieve media version according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve the version of the zabbix api . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  returns a list of jobs which have been marked as a list of jobs .
truth: get a list containing data about recent jobs . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  install routing information if installed .
truth: installs grubby if its necessary on this system or if the required version is not sufficient for the needs of boottool . 
test:  install   query
truth:  installs   null

test:  a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform basic basic access authentication .
truth: a cherrypy tool which hooks at before_handler to perform http basic access authentication . 
test:  null   cherrypy
truth:  null   cherrypy

test:  set the title of the current axis to *s* .
truth: set a title of the current axes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   a

test:  compare files .
truth: checks if pretty much everything is there . 
test:  input   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  get a specific selected interface from a remote host .
truth: copy files from a remote host . 
test:  files   copies
truth:  files   files

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure anon fns work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  sets the commit connection to the managed managed querystring .
truth: puts the transaction manager into a manual state: managed transactions have to be committed explicitly by the user . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  puts   null

test:  same as _find_iso_sr but writes a sysfs .
truth: generic implementation of sysctl . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  remove the specified balancer tags from the custom balancer .
truth: delete metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  delete   metadata

test:  yields the command and return its output .
truth: run command and read its output . 
test:  to   endpoint
truth:  command   command

test:  test that the minimal numpy implementation is series .
truth: check that what is imported from code is what we are testing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  make sure the exception is raised for the collection .
truth: test exception raised from a jit method . 
test:  test   arrays
truth:  exception   exception

test:  test project loc .
truth: test raw kit loc . 
test:  render   checking
truth:  test   test

test:  repository is not a deny server .
truth: apply best practices for ssh security . 
test:  null   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  same as a ** b .
truth: same as a **= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  uncamelcase returns a valid document with a different dtype .
truth: converts a string from camelcase into a lowercase name separated by a provided separator . 
test:  null   metric
truth:  converts   a

test:  it should extract the whole step correctly extract a single step .
truth: it should extract a single ordinary step correctly into an array of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  install a powershell module with the given id .
truth: install new alternative for defined <name> name is the master name for this link group link is the symlink pointing to /etc/alternatives/<name> . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   new

test:  yaml: zulip set pending build failures requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: zulip set build status on zulip . 
test:  null   shell
truth:  null   null

test:  transform a outcome x parts of tawn special case: a1=a2=1 : array_like negative logistic of the hermite restrictions: - theta in theta - theta .
truth: asymmetric mixed model of tawn 1988 special case: k=0 . 
test:  null   encoder
truth:  mixed   null

test:  return the canonical path for a resource .
truth: get the canonical path to an object . 
test:  labels   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generates a formatted table overlap for the given table .
truth: generate an overlap table for the following prefix . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  test that the gridspec can be done by the gridspec .
truth: make sure that remove_from_figure removes a colorbar that was created without modifying the gridspec . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  add to user .
truth: make sure the user belongs by default to the anonymous group . 
test:  to   new
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict of the run run for all the run tests .
truth: return script *fname* run configuration . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   script

test:  convert the group id to a string containing the group name or completed .
truth: convert the group id to the group name on this system gid gid to convert to a group name cli example: . 
test:  process   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a formatted time zone .
truth: returns a clip that plays the current clip once forwards and then once backwards . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the path to the sheet .
truth: returns a sheets filesystem path . 
test:  list   version
truth:  returns   a

test:  order: the specified middleware .
truth: the fixture sets paste . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  a coroutine that returns the current interpolation .
truth: a noop filter that always return its first argument and does nothing with its second one . 
test:  return   null
truth:  noop   noop

test:  mimic configuration .
truth: put metadata prop : string name of property val : string value to set cli example: . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  put   metadata

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a json string listing the latest version of the path .
truth: return a list of paths matching the specified preamble . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  update the quotas for a tenant type .
truth: update the quotas for a tenant . 
test:  update   config
truth:  update   update

test:  modified spherical bessel function derivative .
truth: spherical bessel function of the first kind or its derivative . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   bessel

test:  remove all task triggers to a task .
truth: remove all triggers from the task . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  download a dict-like at the given length and end it the resulting task .
truth: l{deferredgenerator} and l{waitfordeferred} help you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run pylint .
truth: run pylint . 
test:  run   pylint
truth:  run   pylint

test:  view function which handles a proper email .
truth: given a new email for a user . 
test:  email   a
truth:  given   a

test:  merge a solution in a dos/windows .
truth: this is used to construct the full solution from the solutions of sub equations . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  is   null

test:  make sure the depth of the signal is logged during the variables used .
truth: wrapper around loadtargetbuildfile for parallel processing . 
test:  rows   null
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  it will check each standard location details in the hierarchy until either one is found or none are found in the will allow for the new question question details are
truth: it will return a dict of values for all of the standard location questions that have been answered . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience for reading a file or a string with a given name .
truth: test write access to a directory . 
test:  if   a
truth:  write   test

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: create a pickled model and show the weights . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  create   a

test:  given a list of unread ids .
truth: given a user and things of varying types . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  fetch the ami for the given instance .
truth: drain nodes of a given type . 
test:  deletes   emails
truth:  null   nodes

test:  return the path to the appropriate migrate for this windows .
truth: returns the command shared by the different migration types . 
test:  return   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that the key exists by its arguments can be easily .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  substitute   a

test:  return a list of hosts for the named cluster .
truth: returns a list of vim . 
test:  returns   hosts
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a file n .
truth: return the nth parent directory of the given path . 
test:  null   up
truth:  return   return

test:  iterates over a file in the given range .
truth: yield chunks from a range in a file . 
test:  read   generator
truth:  chunks   chunks

test:  returns the value of the dictionary keys of the values in the dictionary with values of the values of the value of the matcher and its type .
truth: left precedent dictionary merge . 
test:  null   null
truth:  left   null

test:  a context manager for the attribute of a with a filename .
truth: return a file-like object ready to be read from the beginning . 
test:  context   a
truth:  return   a

test:  display an error message followed by the given parent .
truth: wrapper method for calibres error_dialog . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   method

test:  helper to run a module namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  to   runs
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns true if the current database should be retried .
truth: check if we should refresh cache for items in exlist . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  checks to see if the account exists .
truth: check whether an account with a particular username or email already exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  call subprocess .
truth: runs cmds using subprocess . 
test:  invoke   calls
truth:  runs   runs

test:  puts() puts() to print out previously-obtained .
truth: extract a list of compilation flags from config . 
test:  return   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  sample from a projection .
truth: draws samples from mixture model . 
test:  sample   apply
truth:  samples   samples

test:  removes the credential for given credential and tenant_id .
truth: removes a credential from a tenant . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  special handler for api-call set_config [rss] .
truth: special handler for api-call set_config [categories] . 
test:  null   handler
truth:  null   handler

test:  add a param to the given size .
truth: wraps a parameter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  list all the existing server necessary on the given zone .
truth: report the status of the load testing servers . 
test:  report   instances
truth:  report   report

test:  the javascript code should be a javascript fragment .
truth: set up the xblock -> xmodule shim on the supplied :class:xblock . 
test:  block   function
truth:  set   up

test:  pack a range header into a human readable native byte string .
truth: return range of a native type . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   range

test:  test optimized matrix exponential with and f-contiguous matrix .
truth: test with non nonnegative input . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   test

test:  takes a list of bits and makes a very long .
truth: convert a bit tuple into a int . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return true if the value is not equal to the other .
truth: function symbol used for wrapping an unpickled object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  function   symbol

test:  setup the available services .
truth: set up the harmony platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  context manager to temporarily create a temporary directory .
truth: return a context manager that changes the current working directory . 
test:  change   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a fcm .
truth: get equation for polar radius . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  class decorator .
truth: return the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this returns a list of torrent instances for the given hash of the given hash .
truth: find torrent file in given list of torrent classes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   torrent

test:  lower case of series .
truth: create the anonymous turtle if not already present . 
test:  return   return
truth:  create   create

test:  return the active configuration state from config file .
truth: write the active configuration state to config file cli example: . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  write   null

test:  function generated in latex form .
truth: function for printing latex representation of sympy . 
test:  function   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the mac address configured on the pci device .
truth: get the mac address of the nic based on its pci address raises pcidevicenotfoundbyid in case the pci device is not a nic . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  list zones for a zone .
truth: list everything added for or enabled in all zones cli example: . 
test:  list   intersection
truth:  list   everything

test:  execute an image .
truth: a version of imview that forks a separate process and immediately shows the image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   version

test:  retrieves the grains from the cached device .
truth: get the grains from the proxy device . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  minimize a scalar function .
truth: options maxiter : int maximum number of iterations to perform . 
test:  find   a
truth:  null   options

test:  return a formatted date string from a datetime or a date string .
truth: returns the date object or an empty string . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a str if a zipfile is a zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   a
truth:  see   null

test:  tax delete .
truth: tax delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  calls the function in a thread and return the result as a deferred .
truth: run function in thread and return result as deferred . 
test:  handle   run
truth:  function   function

test:  setup the current environment .
truth: create our environment and add our custom filters . 
test:  like   null
truth:  create   create

test:  ordereddict ordereddict in a dictionary .
truth: represent columndict in yaml dump . 
test:  load   utf-8
truth:  represent   null

test:  returns the synset distance between tagsets .
truth: calculate the similarity of two statements . 
test:  compare   returns
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to winter and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert two julian to their corresponding epoch .
truth: convert mx :class:datetime instance to the new date format . 
test:  return   function
truth:  convert   mx

test:  return a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  return   datetime
truth:  return   datetime

test:  reload storage policy from the storage .
truth: reload policies from swift . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   policies

test:  check if a device exists .
truth: ensure the device name supplied is valid in a manner similar to the exists function . 
test:  given   in
truth:  ensure   null

test:  return a class which can be used by an /etc/hosts plugin .
truth: config handler for the "engine" namespace . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  config   handler

test:  sets a commit connection to the given connection .
truth: commits changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  changes   commit
truth:  changes   changes

test:  converts a list of numbers to a flat list .
truth: bruteforce candidate values to produce the desired index . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  null   candidate

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to require the specified instance .
truth: decorator to require the specified instance to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return a single named information item from the lsb_release command output data source of the current linux distribution .
truth: return a single named information item from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the current user .
truth: get the uid for a given user name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return hypergeometric starred .
truth: convert a starred uri to a standard wamp uri and a detected matching policy . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  evaluate gaussian pdf by given inputs and variance at the highest row with the logistic values .
truth: pad the middle dimension of a 3d tensor with "padding" zeros left and right . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  pad   pad

test:  test version .
truth: tests that version_int . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  do a new dataset for a dataset .
truth: restricts the dataset to use the specified fold . 
test:  create   pair
truth:  restricts   null

test:  sending system email to the system .
truth: for sending email from the system to a user . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  sending   sending

test:  return a widget for the given directory .
truth: return the widget settings directory . 
test:  end   in
truth:  return   return

test:  suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table .
truth: suggest column and function names when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  returns the task user object .
truth: returns a user object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  raise warning if parallel is not in parallel mode .
truth: raise error if no parallel qiime bc user hasnt set jobs_to_start . 
test:  raise   exception
truth:  error   error

test:  add c*x**i to f in k[x] .
truth: add c*x_0**i to f in k[x] . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  verify that entry_points map is parseable .
truth: verify that entry_points map is parseable . 
test:  check   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  call the number of sent in the decorated function .
truth: then i have sent 2 emails . 
test:  mocks   step
truth:  null   i

test:  return the oauth uri given a dict .
truth: look up the oauth uri from the discovery document and add query parameters based on params . 
test:  using   remove
truth:  look   up

test:  label the art from the os .
truth: a boolean indicating if an image is similar to embedded item art . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  return the file number of the current file .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  purge fastly .
truth: purge fastly caches so new downloads show up more quickly . 
test:  purge   download
truth:  purge   null

test:  convert characters to a long integer .
truth: translate a column name to number . 
test:  is   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return a sqlalchemy user for the user .
truth: build auth dictionary . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   auth

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running random .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: set the given properties on an instance and update it . 
test:  update   set
truth:  set   set

test:  a function that returns a list of all the node classes .
truth: get a node with the specified c{nodeid} as any of the c{class} . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  reads a numpy array of images parameters filename : file to load images from a numpy array of bytes .
truth: readgif read images from an animated gif file . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  read   read

test:  delete a volume .
truth: delete volume cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   volume

test:  returns the items value for an object .
truth: returns the max value given an object_list and a field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the standardized standardized chebyshev diagram that was use to base a because of artifacts .
truth: cp calculation cp = / 10 cp = * ^0 . 
test:  =   parser
truth:  null   calculation

test:  update user location .
truth: update location and the last time request users . 
test:  takes   user
truth:  update   location

test:  exit subprocess .
truth: exit subprocess . 
test:  exit   subprocess
truth:  exit   subprocess

test:  register registers a function to be called when an unhandled exception occurs .
truth: register registers a function to be called on program termination . 
test:  registers   register
truth:  registers   register

test:  selects a particular django version to load .
truth: selects a particular django version to load . 
test:  place   import
truth:  selects   a

test:  add a new <retry-parameters> which is not a valid remote .
truth: add a library to sys . 
test:  add   handler
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a pid exists .
truth: check for the existence of a unix pid . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a valid magic .
truth: get a list of valid mach-o header signatures . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieve all the services we need to access given a list of services numbers .
truth: retrieves the owners for this collection from the datastore . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  finds all daily .
truth: finds the highest number of commits in one day . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   null

test:  long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string .
truth: long_to_bytes : string convert a long integer to a byte string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  casts the input data of a bytearray of the passed value to the function .
truth: some parts of the mobipocket format encode data as variable-width integers . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  null   parts

test:  open a given header for a file .
truth: open a file . 
test:  open   status
truth:  open   a

test:  determine if a path is inside another path .
truth: determine if a path is inside another loop . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  uninstall a systemd .
truth: remove and purge do identical things but with different zypper commands . 
test:  uninstall   packages
truth:  remove   remove

test:  issue a entities with a shift-reduce that doesnt exist on the tables .
truth: singletablemixin should not assume it is mixed with a listview github issue #326 . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   null

test:  prints a line of a line .
truth: print line . 
test:  string   return
truth:  print   line

test:  validates review groups .
truth: validates that the review groups all have valid . 
test:  null   check
truth:  validates   validates

test:  returns a numeric float given the provided ipv6 address .
truth: convert 6-bit integer sequence to graph6 character sequence . 
test:  convert   graph6
truth:  convert   convert

test:  test the behavior of --editable --outdated flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --editable --uptodate --format=columns --format=legacy flag in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  parse a query given as a string argument .
truth: parse a query given as a string argument . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  copies file from url to filename .
truth: create a filesystem relative path from an url path . 
test:  return   check
truth:  create   a

test:  update the specified data .
truth: private method updates the return dictionary and returns it . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   method

test:  convert a list of dictionaries to a scope string .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a number .
truth: creates assemplies which are basically duplicates of each other except that foo . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  estimate the signal that is used by the order of time .
truth: moving order statistics parameters x : array time series data order : float or med . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  order   order

test:  execute the single-character of the object with the manager .
truth: prevents changes being applied to the snippet stack while function call . 
test:  null   manager
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse a content-type like <ctrl-x> .
truth: parse template tag contents . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  template   template

test:  reset the given http list of http connections for the specified http values .
truth: rebuild all http connections in the httplib2 . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: images resource factory method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  returns true if mne has mne in the minion in the environment .
truth: aux function . 
test:  return   find
truth:  function   function

test:  a file error handler for the last line .
truth: log os . 
test:  log   error
truth:  log   os

test:  copy function or a function from a function .
truth: create a copy of a function . 
test:  copy   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to a dictionary whose keys are replaced with the dictionary .
truth: returns a new dictionary with the keys of dictionary converted to upper case and the values left unchanged . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  page .
truth: helper function for building fireplace urls . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  function   function

test:  compute score for several score function is a positive convolution parameters y : dataset of the binary loss : dataset is the upper on or array_like .
truth: compute the brier score . 
test:  null   fit
truth:  compute   compute

test:  tests whether a command exists based on the host of the port .
truth: checks if the ip exists as a temporary rule based on the method supplied . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a python class value to an integer .
truth: convert duration dur to microseconds . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   duration

test:  optimization that flags detects from the flags of this optimization .
truth: scalar_from_tensor(tensor_from_scalar(x)) -> x . 
test:  makes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the set of opacity .
truth: change the opacity of img . 
test:  set   version
truth:  change   change

test:  no dependency .
truth: just a constant that wont occur anywhere else . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   a

test:  load a single file formatters from a header string .
truth: parse a template from a file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version .
truth: return the current time in seconds with high precision (unix version . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  reboot a droplet .
truth: reboot a droplet in digitalocean . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  transform the given api types to a standard python definition .
truth: maps the given api definition to an actual dtrace probe(s) . 
test:  return   null
truth:  maps   maps

test:  iso8601 a string as a long bytes in bytes .
truth: take a string in the form 1234k . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  take   a

test:  open or create database at path given by *file* .
truth: open or create a dummy database compatible . 
test:  is   argument
truth:  open   open

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given list of language codes in a context variable .
truth: this will store a list of language information dictionaries for the given language codes in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set app for the default worker .
truth: setup the app to be used for starting an embedded worker . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns the exact .
truth: converts v from a sequence into a vector3 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  converts   v

test:  usage: lx items .
truth: set configuration variable . 
test:  fill   httperror
truth:  set   configuration

test:  tests that the right api_key is raised when logouts .
truth: tests units can be retrieved while applying order filters . 
test:  project   null
truth:  tests   units

test:  return metadata as a l{metainfo} object .
truth: return metadata as a l{metainfo} object . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   metadata

test:  the draft revision for a new draft .
truth: create a draft revision . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create an event in pagerduty .
truth: create an event in pagerduty . 
test:  sends   create
truth:  create   create

test:  mount a volume .
truth: mount a volume . 
test:  mount   a
truth:  mount   a

test:  exit the database queries .
truth: display queries done by exec_string . 
test:  populate   returns
truth:  queries   queries

test:  parse the response from a readmodifywriterow request and return a python dictionary .
truth: split a scram response into key . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  split   a

test:  adds a dataframe to the resolved kind of retry_count if they were scalarselects .
truth: convert ctf kind to mne kind . 
test:  logs   arguments
truth:  convert   convert

test:  list the envs table given by the given backend .
truth: return the available fileserver environments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create matrix with each row and matrix .
truth: create the elimination matrix l_n which satisfies vech(m) = l_n vec(m) for any matrix m parameters returns . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  create   create

test:  build up a set of sequences .
truth: build up a set of sequences . 
test:  build   up
truth:  build   up

test:  a and/or verify a filesystem directory .
truth: create and/or verify a filesystem directory . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return binary representation of a binary file .
truth: read_bin function reads filepath parameter as binary data and returns raw binary to calling code . 
test:  read   a
truth:  function   function

test:  finds a tuple of objects which must be stored in the given iterable .
truth: find a shortest chain of references leading from obj . 
test:  find   return
truth:  find   a

test:  recursively delete a file .
truth: on windows . 
test:  return   windows
truth:  null   windows

test:  sparseblockouter -> sparseblockouter .
truth: sparseblockgemv -> sparseblockgemv . 
test:  to   sparseblockouter
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the executable has isoinfo .
truth: returns whether the system has the isoinfo executable maybe more checks could be added to see if isoinfo supports the needed features :rtype: bool . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update an repository .
truth: execute an hg pull on all the repos . 
test:  update   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  indent all .
truth: run flake8 on codebase . 
test:  call   run
truth:  run   flake8

test:  index of lowest value over a specified period .
truth: chande momentum oscillator . 
test:  null   rate
truth:  null   momentum

test:  disables a volume name server name of the volume to use name server name of the volume to attach server_name .
truth: attach a block storage volume name name of the new volume to attach server_name name of the server to attach to device name of the device on the server profile profile to build on cli example: . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  set up the cross black black and return a decorator that will take the feature .
truth: decorator for configuring a cross-domain request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  inverse hyperbolic cosecant .
truth: inverse hyperbolic secant . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list .
truth: change the sequence number of an action in a sequence list . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() .
truth: resets fakedrivers node list modified by set_nodes() . 
test:  resets   fakedrivers
truth:  resets   fakedrivers

test:  return a list of final status of the given statuses .
truth: get the most recent entry for a list of github statuses . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the path to the target targets for path and windows targets .
truth: search the path for a program and return full path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  search   search

test:  tests a specific module level .
truth: verify that using pytest . 
test:  test   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  create a class for tests that require an <spider> variable .
truth: produce an engine that provides proxy hooks for common methods . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  produce   null

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: provides our /help response . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  provides   null

test:  attach data to an array for quickfix .
truth: given a server . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get the list of skewness(x) on this platform .
truth: return a list of possible auto proxy . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a field .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  rename   rename
truth:  test   test

test:  render a json string as json .
truth: renders data as json . 
test:  render   a
truth:  renders   data

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  start the interactive mode .
truth: starts an interactive shell so that the user can inspect errors . 
test:  start   null
truth:  starts   null

test:  returns the value for a the specified account .
truth: get the entire accountpolicy and return it as a dictionary . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  install certificates and private key required by a private key .
truth: install certificate and private key required by docker plugin to access the flocker rest api . 
test:  install   a
truth:  certificate   certificate

test:  build up the virtual directory with the provided virtual directory .
truth: build the html and pdf docs . 
test:  build   ssh
truth:  build   build

test:  persist a user id and a backend in the request .
truth: persist a user id and a backend in the request . 
test:  persist   a
truth:  persist   a

test:  returns a database that checks the current database .
truth: post a file of identifiers for future use . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  post   a

test:  return the user_id_or_name id for the specified user .
truth: given a course key and a user . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  load the fully qualified settings .
truth: this command is run when default_path doesnt exist . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  command   command

test:  json-encodes the given python object .
truth: json-encodes the given python object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a thumbnail thumbnail with the given gs .
truth: create a thumbnail with a geoserver request . 
test:  function   asset
truth:  create   a

test:  runs a function in a thread .
truth: ensures the function . 
test:  runs   network
truth:  ensures   null

test:  compiles fnclex .
truth: compile a function that calls fnclex to workround url . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   a

test:  given an object c{obj} .
truth: given a new set of tags and a user . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  given   a

test:  iterate over degrees in push .
truth: builds an nmea float representation for a given angle in degrees and decimal minutes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  return an :class: .
truth: return a |_chunk| subclass instance appropriate to *chunk_type* parsed from *stream_rdr* at *offset* . 
test:  is   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for knowledge items . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  generate a random dataset that is inside a csr .
truth: generate null hypothesis data . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the language code that matches the given language url .
truth: return a tuple of two booleans: ( true if localeregexurlresolver is used in the urlconf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the list of ports available for the current interface .
truth: get the list of ports that have the specified type definition . 
test:  returns   push
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the value of a jobconf variable from the environment variable .
truth: get the value of a jobconf variable from the runtime environment . 
test:  convert   get
truth:  get   get

test:  all the manifest to the lustre directory .
truth: archive sources into the package and return a list of source info . 
test:  given   create
truth:  archive   sources

test:  gets a string of colors colors by a card colors .
truth: get a preference setting value as a color array . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a wrapper for as a handler for the job .
truth: global sigusr1 signal handler which causes all the loggers to re-open log file handles . 
test:  report   a
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes database with database .
truth: removes old input caches from plugins that are no longer configured . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert a unicode object to a unicode string .
truth: convert to unicode . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  to   convert

test:  compare function to sort top pairs .
truth: comparator function based on "key" function . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if any of the patterns in the given patterns .
truth: determine whether all strings in names match at least one of the patterns . 
test:  check   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  setup directory .
truth: move the ssl_options into position and return the path . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  move   move

test:  parse our config .
truth: read the config file and write it to the global var . 
test:  parse   multiple
truth:  read   read

test:  check if passing a valid test .
truth: check if all items are valid . 
test:  test   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a cohort for the specified name .
truth: return the courseusergroup object for the given cohort . 
test:  get   up
truth:  return   return

test:  get the hypervisor and xblock produced by a given uid .
truth: checks if a user is allowed to vote . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  convert a json subscription to the native object .
truth: convert a subscription name to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve a folder from plotly .
truth: retrieve a grid from plotly . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns the auth header suitable for use in djangos body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with boosting .
truth: test the fit sample routine with gradient boosting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  build the spec file and return the place in the given environment if no substitutions was found .
truth: get the spec file and place it in the specs dir . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get a metadef tag or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get count of tags for a namespace . 
test:  create   get
truth:  count   count

test:  connect to the current session and non-blocking the request .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  allows   hook
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the p-th distance between two matrices .
truth: compute the l**p distance between two arrays . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns the bcc message with the backend specified in any workflow .
truth: substitute bcc in raw message . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  substitute   null

test:  yield tracebacks tuples .
truth: return an iterator over each file path and traceback field inside logdir . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to require classes to run in the transaction .
truth: skip decorated test if obj is missing any of the given attributes . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  helper function to update epoch data .
truth: prepare the data on horizontal shift . 
test:  updates   handle
truth:  prepare   null

test:  sort a dict .
truth: sort the given list in the way that humans expect . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  remove receiver from receiver from receiver .
truth: remove receiver from connections . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   receiver

test:  get current time zone :return: string: :rtype: str :rtype: str cli example: .
truth: displays the current time zone abbreviated code :return: the current time zone code :rtype: str cli example: . 
test:  displays   current
truth:  displays   null

test:  adds a node to the make it usable as a collection of adding a class .
truth: register a docutils node class . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  register   a

test:  parse a topic .
truth: parse the room presence update . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  convert a long integer to a bytes object .
truth: use :ref:string formatting and :func:~binascii . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  use   use

test:  start the current distributed mode .
truth: how to run: option 1) fab start option 2) fab start:clear . 
test:  start   arrays
truth:  to   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a volume id .
truth: get all snapshots for a volume . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 .
truth: copy each list of infiles to each outfile and delete infiles f: file containing one set of mapping instructions per line example f: f1 . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns a formatted prompt with current set of tokens as attributes/arguments .
truth: tokens to be shown before the prompt . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  to   tokens

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider cli example: .
truth: return a list of all vms and templates that are on the specified provider . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  determine if two ranges are equivalent .
truth: test whether a requested colour is within the gamut achievable with the primaries of the current colour system . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  updates scene exceptions for database .
truth: given a indexer_id . 
test:  null   update
truth:  given   a

test:  return a .
truth: gets the contents of an autotest info file . 
test:  compile   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  this is a simple example for the case of an tree2semi_rel .
truth: create geojson[p] of facilities for use by a high-traffic website - controller just for testing - function normally run on a schedule access via the . 
test:  null   pull
truth:  create   create

test:  write out the progress file .
truth: write a chunk to file and update the progress bar . 
test:  create   a
truth:  write   a

test:  take a digital matrix .
truth: solve real symmetric or complex hermitian band matrix eigenvalue problem . 
test:  uses   frappe
truth:  solve   real

test:  which training a person which is active with the person of the person .
truth: which organisation(s)/branch the person is actively affiliated with . 
test:  null   address
truth:  null   null

test:  show a message with the exception level .
truth: show an message box asking the user to select some predefined course of action . 
test:  text   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the estimated estimated for a given number of numbers .
truth: return the [elementwise] smallest of a variable number of arguments . 
test:  return   versions
truth:  return   return

test:  yaml: stash generates stash .
truth: yaml: stash this plugin will configure the jenkins stash notifier plugin to notify atlassian stash after job completes . 
test:  null   network
truth:  null   stash

test:  returns a review request for a local request .
truth: finds a review request given an id and an optional localsite name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  finds   a

test:  get the profiles url for a site .
truth: get the localsiteprofile for a given localsite for the user . 
test:  context   a
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a url for the tool shed .
truth: generate the url for cloning a repository that has been installed into a galaxy instance . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  list all the rooms rooms .
truth: list all hipchat rooms . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  flatten a nested sequence .
truth: flatten a possible nested set of iterables . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  flatten   a

test:  return system info cli example: .
truth: return system information cli example: . 
test:  return   system
truth:  return   system

test:  fixture to change default groups for tests .
truth: creates the default groups . 
test:  name   test
truth:  creates   null

test:  use the os .
truth: sleep for a random number of seconds . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  this creates a python application on the local machine .
truth: this creates the stop command for an application which is uniquely identified by a port number . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  a version of django .
truth: joins a series of urls together without doubles slashes . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  joins   a

test:  returns true if the given object is a reverse field .
truth: a little helper to check if the given field is reverse-o2o . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the controller .
truth: builds a config spec for the lsi or bus logic controllers addition which acts as the controller for the virtual hard disk to be attached to the vm . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  calculate a new *offset* *offset* .
truth: this function computes the self-similarity matrix for a sequence of feature vectors . 
test:  null   sort
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the hyperbolic matrix sine .
truth: compute the matrix tangent . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  the utility function to run all the nodes in the task .
truth: run some commands on some nodes . 
test:  run   columns
truth:  run   run

test:  uninstall a app from a site .
truth: remove app and linked modules from site . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   app

test:  calculates the standard error for the data along a given dimension .
truth: tests whether a sample differs from a normal distribution . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list of paths relative to the slug .
truth: removes everything from the given url path . 
test:  convert   prefix
truth:  removes   everything

test:  returns a base64-encoded .
truth: given any data structure . 
test:  null   function
truth:  given   null

test:  applies all images into a ctypes directory .
truth: update vals with image fields resized as expected . 
test:  null   image
truth:  update   vals

test:  fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop .
truth: fast version of a heappush followed by a heappop . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  returns a list of all the average that have been added .
truth: returns the harmonic mean of precision and recall . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test one line with one line .
truth: line test with an unique value . 
test:  adding   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check for the $home within the given root .
truth: update the root_service . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  update   update

test:  get the last line of the current operating script .
truth: return the path of the conda installation . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check for log of characters that were error .
truth: logs an error if we see /* . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute polynomial composition f(g) in gf(p)[x] .
truth: multiply polynomials in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  square   polynomial
truth:  polynomials   polynomials

test:  determine if the features that contains the given features .
truth: method to detect if url provides csp features . 
test:  to   translate
truth:  to   method

test:  create an ssh url for the clean application .
truth: create a manhole server service . 
test:  constructs   create
truth:  create   a

test:  recursively traverse all of the files in the given directory .
truth: clean out compiled protos . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  clean   null

test:  upgrade all packages to the rpm delegate .
truth: upgrade all software . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  gets a list of registered trophy types .
truth: return all registered trophy types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  context manager for temporary directory that doesnt exist .
truth: context manager version of os . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns a tuple of different difference difference between the entire difference of a tuple .
truth: return true if two elements of a tuple are different . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  tests that salt files are actually possible .
truth: check if test is not whitelisted and should be ignored . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  return the difference of the string difference between consecutive elements .
truth: find the differing character between strings . 
test:  separate   a
truth:  find   find

test:  marks the value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: marks the value as a string that should be auto-escaped . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  marks   null

test:  return a list of packages that match the packages .
truth: return the list of packages based on the mirror provided . 
test:  github   null
truth:  return   return

test:  does a get request of the given uri on the given uri .
truth: does a get request of the given uri on the given httpconnection . 
test:  does   null
truth:  does   a

test:  return a scenario object that is a particular answer .
truth: have the browser input an answer . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  have   null

test:  retrieves the package from the starcluster file .
truth: factory for easys3 class that attempts to load aws credentials from the starcluster config file . 
test:  get   return
truth:  null   factory

test:  list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: list all the clusters for this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  decorator for flattening expression classes .
truth: creates a prefix operator . 
test:  context   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  given an json dictionary .
truth: mocks out the coursetab . 
test:  returns   json
truth:  mocks   mocks

test:  return true if the doctype is html .
truth: check if the file looks like it has a html doctype . 
test:  null   html
truth:  if   check

test:  validates that name is a valid pack name .
truth: validate the content pack name . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  adds a type with a given type .
truth: add a mapping between a type and an extension . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  create a dask array with a given payload name .
truth: decloaks content of a given file to a temporary file with similar name and extension . 
test:  write   content
truth:  content   content

test:  send insert into table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  step   connect
truth:  insert   insert

test:  returns a list of table sql sql .
truth: returns a list of the drop table sql . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  repeat a function calls .
truth: repeat_func -> iterator repeatedly calls func with positional arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  given a mailchimp object .
truth: initializes connection to the mailchimp api . 
test:  constructs   connect
truth:  initializes   connection

test:  return the default size .
truth: return the parents size . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  get the project tree .
truth: creates the project tree for build files for use in a given pants run . 
test:  get   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  install flocker and optionally locally .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on the same system as mobsf . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   install

test:  returns a schema for an element .
truth: return a xml schema used to do an api request . 
test:  context   a
truth:  return   a

test:  build a response for an array of response .
truth: format the list of message sizes appropriately for a stat response . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  convert the state of the state file to salt with testsuite values .
truth: guess player state . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  guess   player

test:  check that distances are tested against a pycaffe distance matrix .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with one pyephem example . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  grabs the message to the response .
truth: if a user passes print users in a message . 
test:  point   user
truth:  if   a

test:  coerce value to a field .
truth: deserialize the string version to the value stored internally . 
test:  escape   json
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns the hash of the given hash .
truth: returns the given hash . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  execute the salt-ssh system .
truth: publish commands to the salt system from the command line on the master . 
test:  manage   update
truth:  publish   commands

test:  this function is for converting a class to a model class .
truth: converts back the instance saved by model_to_ctype function . 
test:  translates   a
truth:  converts   back

test:  when a set() is run .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  return   distribution

test:  decorator that only zone_id in order to empty inline .
truth: inlinecallbacks helps you write l{deferred}-using code that looks like a regular sequential function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  helps   null

test:  returns limit related to any given key .
truth: remove a limit option from site_config . 
test:  clears   null
truth:  remove   a

test:  asserts that the expected attribute of the given function is whole .
truth: assert that the callable logs the expected messages when called . 
test:  catch   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  convert a string to a str for datastore this is a clever optimization for sorting .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  adjust the filesystem path to the filename .
truth: resolve the raw device that contains the path . 
test:  find   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a generator that yields all spaces in a given text .
truth: a word-wrap function that preserves existing line breaks and most spaces in the text . 
test:  null   multiple
truth:  null   a

test:  calls a function multiple times .
truth: calls a function multiple times . 
test:  calls   a
truth:  calls   a

test:  decorator to create a collection to a collection .
truth: method to monkeypatch on to routes . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   method

test:  put a file .
truth: dumps the local machine groups . 
test:  null   a
truth:  dumps   dumps

test:  decorator that injects the decorated function not not a method name .
truth: method decorator to indicate a method is not allowed to be called . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates the options to read the options for this script from sys .
truth: creates an argumentparser to read the options for this script from sys . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  creates   null

test:  test whether a path exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  get a api_version key and assign it to the private key .
truth: returns a private key object based on pem text . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  a physical length .
truth: a physical length . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a tuple that represents the maximum corrupts .
truth: converts a linkage matrix to a matlab compatible one . 
test:  to   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete a user .
truth: delete a user cli example: . 
test:  delete   user
truth:  delete   a

test:  get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format .
truth: get networks hosts config in dhcp-host format . 
test:  get   networks
truth:  get   networks

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  detects   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  decorator for translation methods .
truth: decorator for an elementwise function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   decorator

test:  extract integer limit from request or fail .
truth: extract integer limit from request or fail . 
test:  return   integer
truth:  extract   integer

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: test for symbolic link . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get the dot product plus one of the x and y components of a pair of vector3s . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator to indicate that the method supports the response .
truth: registers a middleware function that will be called on every response . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  registers   a

test:  find an mixin linear previewed for the given problem .
truth: computes the logmgf value given q and privacy eps . 
test:  null   approximation
truth:  computes   null

test:  cleanup for a :class: .
truth: cleanup for a :class: . 
test:  cleanup   null
truth:  cleanup   cleanup

test:  returns true if the file contains a valid file-like object .
truth: lock a file object safely . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  lock   a

test:  injects the promoted links for every subreddit .
truth: run weighted_lottery to order and choose a subset of promoted links . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a list of bytes to an integer .
truth: converts a list of bytes or a string to an integer . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  make a ellipse for a performance performance of a dataframe .
truth: support function for scatter_ellipse . 
test:  fill   feature
truth:  function   function

test:  execute a command and read the output as a state .
truth: execute an unmodified puppet_node_classifier and read the output as yaml . 
test:  execute   ldap
truth:  execute   null

test:  extracts value from a positive header .
truth: converts a space- or comma-separated list of values into a python list of integers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  convert a numeric paragraph string to a flow .
truth: takes tokens of a paragraph and returns list of sentences . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  replace any embedded items in list with a newline of newline values .
truth: replaces with <br> for all strings in a collection . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  checks if the given server or deleted .
truth: like primarypreferred but doesnt use tags or latency . 
test:  null   max_staleness
truth:  like   like

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  traverses the given list of values to be returned as returned by the bcolzdailybarwriter .
truth: yield batches of count items from the given iterable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   batches

test:  given an input added an gcc object .
truth: stack added taxes on the given price without compounding . 
test:  process   null
truth:  added   stack

test:  runs the given file .
truth: walk the themes and addons files to check if theyre multi-package xpis . 
test:  setup   null
truth:  walk   null

test:  ensures that we can compile valid keywords with a tool_shed list of strings with a single python 3 .
truth: ensure we can compile functions with &kwonly if were on python 3 . 
test:  test   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  deletes a store .
truth: deletes a store . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  this should print the data for disregard .
truth: test omitting setting of value with wrong payload . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  updates a library index .
truth: updates course search index . 
test:  updates   signal
truth:  updates   course

test:  alerts alerts .
truth: compute the cholesky decomposition of a matrix . 
test:  normalize   mask
truth:  compute   compute

test:  render a module cix cix element .
truth: build the ruby module cix element tree . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   build

test:  return a dict mapping tasks to respective respective for tasks .
truth: will raise tasknotfound if the task is in state pending or the task meta data has no task_name key set . 
test:  return   task
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the mindays for the current thread .
truth: set the minimum password age in days . 
test:  sets   enable
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that arg_of_sigmoid raises an error when given a single input .
truth: tests that arg_of_sigmoid works when given a good input . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  add loop to the plane fill .
truth: add simplified path to fill . 
test:  simplified   faces
truth:  simplified   add

test:  makes sure the line has an attribute .
truth: creates the ast node for the following expression:: [x] if isinstance else x somewhat useful . 
test:  allows   data
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the string to use for a user by identifier .
truth: return a user identified by the given string . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   a

test:  cast to the range for option if the value is a port .
truth: coerce a string value to an int port number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  coerce   a

test:  returns a generator of sets of nodes for all edges in g .
truth: merge sets that share k or more elements . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generate all permutations of a generator .
truth: helper function for udivisors which generates the unitary divisors . 
test:  is   generator
truth:  function   function

test:  create a random string of random upper characters .
truth: change random chars of the string to upper case . 
test:  join   a
truth:  change   change

test:  test that something isnt possible to the advinc version of set_subtensor .
truth: test the second case in the opt local_gpu_advanced_incsubtensor1 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  is a dask array to be a function used by either a series or a function or a dictionary of levels or an array .
truth: recode categorial data to int factor . 
test:  value   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates a feeditemoperation . 
test:  generates   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns all zones from the top of this project .
truth: return all zones metrics . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  basic opengl configuration parameters dist_name : the opengl configuration value query-string configuration value .
truth: createbuffertexture - create an 8-bit texture render target . 
test:  null   -
truth:  -   -

test:  set a raw arg to be used as the process .
truth: output the given args and kwargs . 
test:  check   one
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a private ip for a linode .
truth: creates a private ip for the specified linode . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  test sphere model .
truth: test making a sphere model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  making   test

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  return the information on all the active modules .
truth: list the active mounts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  basic or advanced indexing with a tuple .
truth: array[a] = scalar_or_array array[a . 
test:  unpack   indexing
truth:  =   =

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  clears all cache for all users .
truth: clear **user** . 
test:  replace   version
truth:  clear   null

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  null   validate
truth:  validates   validates

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  for each word with instances and instances .
truth: randomly split n instances of the dataset into train and test sets . 
test:  plot   decorator
truth:  split   split

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to create a store_fs by pootle_path for a non existent project . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  get the xml element by key .
truth: get the xml element by key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  filters a list of apis by its apis .
truth: return list of api items matching the given name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  copy the given clauseelement to a bokeh .
truth: a decorator that will copy the docstring from the source and then dedent it . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parses a genepop record in a string format from a string of bytes .
truth: parses fdist data into a record object . 
test:  read   parses
truth:  parses   parses

test:  yaml: least enable load balancer with least the build .
truth: yaml: least-load enables the least load plugin . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a key from the full name of the endpoint to delete a key from the endpoint for the endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  raises a complex with a value .
truth: return a and b if v matches a + i*b where b is not zero and a and b are numbers . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  return   a

test:  validates the options for the neighborhood of all the passed in .
truth: validates and normalizes options passed in a mongodb uri . 
test:  validate   s
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test that genextreme works with no column header supports it .
truth: regression test for gh-6219 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  destroy the reservations associated with a given project and raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a project . 
test:  to   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  computes the trimmed mean along the given axis .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum parameters a : array_like array of values lowerlimit : none or float . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  add an element to the pixel list .
truth: add an element to the pixel list . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a boolean of whether the values length is less than or equal to the argument .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the values length is greater than or equal to the argument . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get vnc console to a server .
truth: get a vnc console to a server . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check that sample labels will be used in the database .
truth: check that predict is invariant of compute_labels . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  sequence of bessel function yn(z) and derivative .
truth: legendre function of the second kind . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  view function that handles complete widget .
truth: password reset handling . 
test:  reset   display
truth:  reset   reset

test:  converts a background array to a background graph .
truth: rgba to rgb conversion . 
test:  return   input
truth:  to   rgba

test:  return dataframe .
truth: python friendly version of getobjects progid/clsid functionality . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   python

test:  table a dataset .
truth: reload a tables metadata . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create a worker or layer3 of current interface .
truth: generates list of commands to configure on device args: interface : k/v pairs in the form of a set that should be configured on the device intf : full name of interface . 
test:  get   commands
truth:  list   list

test:  inplace row scaling of a csr matrix .
truth: inplace row scaling of a csr matrix . 
test:  inplace   null
truth:  inplace   row

test:  returns true if the database exists .
truth: parse the database packet . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  parse   parse

test:  elementwise tan function .
truth: elementwise tan function . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   tan

test:  renders a certificate .
truth: picks appropriate certificate templates and renders it . 
test:  render   page
truth:  picks   picks

test:  iterate over all character matches a character .
truth: yield the number of characters that match the beginning of each string . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  serializes a json object to json .
truth: convert the value to json . 
test:  verbose   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the random expression starting with expr .
truth: given a random expression replace all random variables with their symbols . 
test:  supplied   symbols
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of eventrenderers from available as a list of events .
truth: return a list of eventrenderers from available sales . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a consumers endpoints .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   agent

test:  resizes the file system on the partition .
truth: resizes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  raises   serialize
truth:  resizes   null

test:  compute a minimum of the given log moments .
truth: compute epsilon for given log_moments and delta . 
test:  compute   lists
truth:  compute   epsilon

test:  parallel fastica .
truth: parallel fastica . 
test:  compute   matrix
truth:  null   fastica

test:  finds all the django django settings that should be considered within the given settings .
truth: automatically try to discover django settings files . 
test:  to   replaces
truth:  try   try

test:  set up an eeg equation for averge and activate it .
truth: set up projection for raw and epochs . 
test:  loads   file
truth:  set   up

test:  create a base class with a metaclass .
truth: provide python cross-version metaclass compatibility . 
test:  create   a
truth:  provide   python

test:  pointer : times type_qualifier_list .
truth: pointer : times type_qualifier_list pointer . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  null   pointer

test:  remove timeline contents .
truth: removes all keys associated with a timeline key . 
test:  is   pprint
truth:  removes   null

test:  returns whether object is fp array-like .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns a list of data completed .
truth: returns json datasets: [{id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   json

test:  given a list of games .
truth: combines a list of games into one big player sequence containing maximum statistics based on game and play level statistics . 
test:  combines   null
truth:  combines   a

test:  lists all of the virtual host on this minion cli example: .
truth: gather lm-sensors data from a given chip to determine the chip to query . 
test:  pass   node
truth:  gather   null

test:  get the text representation of the repository .
truth: get the repository writer for the title . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  map the filesystem at the given url to the filesystem .
truth: returns the path component of an hdfs url . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  we can retrieve all metric available .
truth: query to metricdescriptors . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  to   query

test:  sets the user inheritance over the session .
truth: querystring parameter for api to obey over18 filtering rules . 
test:  set   virtual
truth:  null   parameter

test:  moving average convergence/divergence fix 12/26 .
truth: macd with controllable ma type . 
test:  null   average
truth:  null   null

test:  remove all column names from the given table .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  decorates   column

test:  allow the default connection to the given connection .
truth: install support for sending connections and sockets between processes . 
test:  is   decode
truth:  support   support

test:  return an iterator over all entry .
truth: return an entrypoint iterator for all orange . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test _thread .
truth: run dependency widget test . 
test:  test   addition
truth:  run   dependency

test:  populates a template variable with the passed log for the given criteria .
truth: populates a template variable with the admin log for the given criteria . 
test:  populates   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-dep-verify determines whether the expected set of deploymentconfigs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of valid tags starting with the given tag tags .
truth: return a list of tag names that contain a given string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  migrations the color .
truth: prints a warning message . 
test:  print   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  removes old replay_load from directory if it isnt there .
truth: removes previous node data from the cassandra store . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  get a service name .
truth: the display name is what is displayed in windows when services . 
test:  select   a
truth:  display   display

test:  return the handled by the name .
truth: retrieve a provider object by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  returns a boolean value representing the current configuration .
truth: returns true if the value is either true or a string in true_values . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a generator string containing python source files .
truth: return python documentation path . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   python

test:  return current targets .
truth: return a queryset containing confirmed users who have unclaimed records . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  set the current idle setting to the current image .
truth: set boot device to use on next reboot . 
test:  set   set
truth:  boot   boot

test:  create a dsym file from the given uuid .
truth: finds a dsym file for the given uuid . 
test:  find   find
truth:  finds   a

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the cool dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  retrieve enrollment attributes for the provided user for the specified user .
truth: retrieve enrollment attributes for given user for provided course . 
test:  retrieve   enrollment
truth:  retrieve   enrollment

test:  split a string into parenthesized groups .
truth: split a string into parenthesized groups . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test to ensure volume colors works properly .
truth: test reading volume label names . 
test:  detect   translate
truth:  reading   reading

test:  apply a function .
truth: like :meth:~cassandra . 
test:  null   null
truth:  like   like

test:  returns a list of visible devices .
truth: calculates cuda_visible_devices for a subprocess . 
test:  given   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  attempt to extract a json string from the schema description .
truth: extract json from a body and validate with the provided schema . 
test:  given   null
truth:  extract   json

test:  returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable .
truth: returns the equivalent of the http requests script_name environment variable . 
test:  retrieves   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructs . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return float angle between an rotation and the number .
truth: return the text angle as float . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  verify a unicode string containing a unicode value for a given cookie .
truth: this decodes a cookie given by encode_cookie . 
test:  decodes   decode
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  creates a tuple of use_tuple objects from the master dictionary .
truth: utility conversion function that will create join tuple from an anonymous tuple . 
test:  uses   function
truth:  null   conversion

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string with a string .
truth: return true if obj is a text or binary python string object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generator for filter items in a breadth-first graph .
truth: filters element items in a list with matching name and uri . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  filters   element

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  compile the ir function by ft_library_setlcdfilter it as a python function .
truth: compile a function with the given ir . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   a

test:  return the name for the hook .
truth: return the named hook name creating it if necessary . 
test:  elementwise   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a link for api that is structure from the current xml page .
truth: transorm soups: <a pantsref="foo"> becomes <a href=" . 
test:  server   i
truth:  null   null

test:  save an existing list to the configuration .
truth: save all internal bookkeeping to disk . 
test:  saves   application
truth:  save   null

test:  test whether a path is a regular file .
truth: same as os . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  null   null

test:  handler to add or user to the in-line pages .
truth: update request . 
test:  compare   runs
truth:  request   request

test:  get chain matrixsvg by svgelement .
truth: get chain matrixsvg by svgelement . 
test:  get   chain
truth:  get   chain

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  given a supplied configuration .
truth: extract configuration about service discovery for the agent . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  extract   configuration

test:  retrieves the list of blob map from the current storage map .
truth: gets the blobstorage instance from the api proxy stub map . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  decorator that ensures that the specified policy policy exists .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution . 
test:  null   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  do the post request to the given url .
truth: do the post . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   null

test:  get the preferences layer .
truth: get the edge width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that groupby is a valid fields .
truth: checks that the list of groupby fields from request is valid . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  makes a consumer for a request to the session .
truth: create an openid consumer object for the given django request . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   create

test:  fountain return the random number generator .
truth: produces a steady stream of words . 
test:  send   null
truth:  produces   a

test:  this view is to make any data from the scenario .
truth: go to the courseware page containing the item stored in world . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  make a c string .
truth: make a c string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create a version string for the given version .
truth: inserts the version value in to the version table . 
test:  connect   version
truth:  inserts   inserts

test:  for you point-wise insert .
truth: returns np . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   np

test:  as for http2time .
truth: as for http2time . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify that the user and run run both present and the backend .
truth: checks for problematic encodings . 
test:  function   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the value turned into a batch .
truth: returns the value of more than one tensor variable . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute whitener covariance matrix for linear 5 covariance .
truth: compute whitening matrix . 
test:  compute   estimate
truth:  compute   whitening

test:  create a class to produce a natural combination for a given module .
truth: build a sequential dataset with 2 sequences of 3 samples . 
test:  is   build
truth:  build   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid require .
truth: make sure ast respects syntax . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find all its process_request to the target .
truth: rewrite rule transform expressions that match source into expressions that match target treating all variables as wilds . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  rewrite   rule

test:  save an in-memory workbook file to a workbook .
truth: save the given workbook on the filesystem under the name filename . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  save   null

test:  destroy the pci device or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a pci device record . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  easy wrapper for cinder .
truth: perform all checks on a host using acquired artifacts . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  perform   null

test:  check that the given mark already exists .
truth: locate the given mark in payload and return its index . 
test:  like   exists
truth:  locate   null

test:  return a string with an values of the given object .
truth: returns a string of the given objects attribute . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  open a storage file and return a google cloud instance .
truth: opens a google cloud storage file and returns it as a file-like object . 
test:  open   version
truth:  opens   a

test:  packs user input from raising to assumed to retrieve the current user .
truth: prompt for password with echo off . 
test:  function   screen
truth:  prompt   prompt

test:  get face pair for a correct edge table .
truth: get the next edge index in the mesh carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  execute a ruby command with no ruby path to the user under which to run pyenv .
truth: execute a python command with pyenvs shims from the user or the system . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  normalize the layout .
truth: return scaled position array to in all axes . 
test:  init   null
truth:  scaled   return

test:  combine zero or more iterables .
truth: combine several field functions into one block of lines . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  combine   null

test:  receives the content of responses for head requests .
truth: removes the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  to   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  update the translations .
truth: updates all translations . 
test:  creates   translations
truth:  updates   updates

test:  prints/logs an error message to the message if debugging is not available .
truth: log a traceback to the log . 
test:  log   null
truth:  log   a

test:  new folder form .
truth: new folder form . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   folder

test:  return the variance of the data .
truth: return the sample variance of data . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a file of an xml file and return a generator .
truth: parse data assuming it is a . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  parse   data

test:  when passed a single signer object for the given application .
truth: tests that unscheduling a watch from within an event handler correctly correctly unregisters emitter and handler without deadlocking . 
test:  passing   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  make sure that any linking linking are not delete present in the path .
truth: collect static files from each of your applications into a single location that can easily be served in production . 
test:  run   process_open_sockets
truth:  collect   null

test:  fail if a task report is clone by a given name .
truth: report errors from the clone task if they exist . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  errors   errors

test:  returns the static file settings for the given galaxy .
truth: configuration required for galaxy static middleware . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  required   configuration

test:  returns true if *obj* is strings .
truth: returns true if *obj* is iterable and contains strings . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change unicode output of python 2 .
truth: change unicode output into bytestrings in python 2 tzname() api changed in python 3 . 
test:  null   function
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  try to find the daemon .
truth: uses the exec_method to run remote commands and determine whats the remote os is . 
test:  null   return
truth:  uses   uses

test:  return the canonical form of a path .
truth: append the given path to the path used to execute any wrapped commands . 
test:  null   path
truth:  append   append

test:  add an rule to csf allowed hosts see :func:_access_rule .
truth: add an rule to csf denied hosts see :func:_access_rule . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  helper for returning a single tag .
truth: given a dictionary d . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return a time of the last value of a threadsafe integer .
truth: format of timedelta: timedelta :return: utc time . 
test:  returns   start
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a new consumers connection .
truth: create agent rpc consumers . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   agent

test:  try to find all the possible logs .
truth: import a migration file and return the module . 
test:  return   a
truth:  import   a

test:  returns the dictionary whose entries are the integer vector or monitor 180 is a list of arrays with the lowest matrix .
truth: converts a vector in matrix form to a vector instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  require several arch linux packages to be installed .
truth: require several deb packages to be installed . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the value of the users token for the specified user .
truth: generate a new signed token containing a specified user limited for a scope . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  find the manifest for the specified face .
truth: find all @font-face rules in the given sheet and extract the relevant info from them . 
test:  look   find
truth:  find   find

test:  return a set of permissions for a given string .
truth: return a comma separated string of permission changes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get the current device .
truth: get the current device or use a device by device number . 
test:  get   factor
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url remove the fragment and the fragment part .
truth: given a url remove the fragment and the authentication part . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a 2-d identity array .
truth: identity matrix in sparse format returns an identity matrix with shape using a given sparse format and dtype . 
test:  sum   a
truth:  null   matrix

test:  verifies that the math subclass is correctly we perform no more than one .
truth: verify subtypes of float/long work w/ math functions . 
test:  verify   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  wait for a message to become the given log .
truth: wait for a given statusbar message/error/warning . 
test:  send   a
truth:  wait   null

test:  only one qapp can exist at a time .
truth: only one qapp can exist at a time . 
test:  generates   up
truth:  null   one

test:  reauthenticates a user .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  edit   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of bessel function yv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  find   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  check compensation compensation in the compensation .
truth: check that conversion to named matrices is possible . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  return the current pantsrefs link .
truth: return links for <a pantsmark="foo"> tags . 
test:  input   a
truth:  return   links

test:  return a tuple of salt branch names .
truth: get branch matching the character . 
test:  get   linear
truth:  get   branch

test:  return list of longest ids .
truth: chooses the longest seq from all seqs . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  chooses   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: given 2 absolute paths "path" and "reference" . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   null

test:  return the search location .
truth: returns the ip and port of where the search service is running . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the vif frontend state .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with guest frontend details . 
test:  set   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  like there .
truth: this function takes an iterable and returns a string suitable for use as argument for nmaps -p option . 
test:  function   output
truth:  function   function

test:  scan the full path for the specified file and return the system .
truth: retrieve information corresponding to a "ps aux" filtered with the given pattern . 
test:  sanitize   a
truth:  retrieve   information

test:  processes translation and returns translation object with translation for zen editor .
truth: loads unit data for zen mode . 
test:  find   build
truth:  loads   unit

test:  returns the xdg config directory .
truth: check xdg locations for config files . 
test:  configured   default
truth:  check   xdg

test:  calculate the current user to the note that the next page is the number of known to show to show as the current process .
truth: initialize egl and return egl version tuple . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects .
truth: given a sorted list of albummatch or trackmatch objects . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  transform the given dictionary by a filter set of parameters .
truth: accepts a list of names . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  test with a histogram of the required data .
truth: test histogram visual . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   histogram

test:  test that a function exists as tmp .
truth: test that $tmpdir == env . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  only load the module if lvm is installed .
truth: check to see if the system_profiler binary is available . 
test:  load   null
truth:  to   check

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  forget forget .
truth: return a sequence of header tuples (e . 
test:  document   null
truth:  return   a

test:  setup the demo light platform .
truth: setup the demo lock platform . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  track the number of times the action field has been rendered on the page .
truth: renders the recent actions list for the admin dashboard widget . 
test:  track   track
truth:  renders   null

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  creating   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  test the representation of the s gate .
truth: test the representation of the hadamard gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that we can invalid invalid type successfully .
truth: test using an invalid type with a multitype converter . 
test:  test   a
truth:  using   test

test:  create a context factory that validates control service .
truth: create a context factory that validates node agents connecting to the control service . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the fully qualified path from the core path .
truth: reads a core file and extracts a dictionary with useful core information . 
test:  to   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  force exit .
truth: force exit . 
test:  exit   a
truth:  exit   exit

test:  create an iis virtual directory .
truth: create an iis application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  decode the output of a music tagger model .
truth: decode the output of a music tagger model . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  install a plugin .
truth: install a nikola plugin . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  triggers the process if modifed is true .
truth: use this function at the end of test_main() whenever sub-processes are started . 
test:  handle   arrays
truth:  use   use

test:  get or create a file .
truth: wrapper of __get_hosts_filename but create host file if it does not exist . 
test:  get   function
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  get the loops going round in the given loops .
truth: get widdershins outer loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  return the hg revision for the last hg .
truth: returns the hg revision . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a wsgi application .
truth: an application that emits the given error response . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  null   application

test:  matching extra data to the that gitlab-merge-request the arrays with the given params .
truth: perform any necessary additional actions related to content creation or update that require a separate comments service request . 
test:  constructs   strip
truth:  perform   null

test:  set a list of length strings .
truth: return the length of str . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the first occurence of a character after the split line .
truth: get the double value of the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a new user .
truth: create an administrtaor user using the cve . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  called by the toolshed .
truth: reports the current time based on the users timezone . 
test:  text   datetime
truth:  reports   reports

test:  returns a regular expression object compiled .
truth: return a compiled re . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  start the plugin .
truth: this hook is called by evennia . 
test:  start   hook
truth:  hook   hook

test:  this function handles the xml for xml .
truth: edits an advanced problem . 
test:  float   text
truth:  edits   null

test:  return a little .
truth: get a formatter by name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  generate all files for a given python source file .
truth: yield all the uninstallation paths for dist based on record-without- . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  yield   null

test:  display the current database version .
truth: the starting version for the database . 
test:  display   display
truth:  starting   starting

test:  return all the theme versions for a given theme .
truth: return the color theme to use . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  return   return

test:  return information about the container .
truth: returns the state of the container name container name or id **return data** a string representing the current state of the container cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the yaml path to the file for the given builtin .
truth: return expected path to a builtin handlers yaml file without error check . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  expected   return

test:  returns a list of urls for a given iterable .
truth: returns a list of pre-extracted popular source urls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  trigger test the declaration_specifiers argument to the type argument .
truth: allow backslashes to escape the = in x=y task kwargs . 
test:  test   functions
truth:  allow   backslashes

test:  compute the entropy of a vector at x and order .
truth: return the entropy of the data in *y* in units of nat . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  return the list of files starting with the cputime .
truth: get build_exe options with additional includes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get logger with a specific name .
truth: return a logger with the specified name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  map the default map for each trace map file to the map of the trace for the trace trace .
truth: generates a javascript function containing the rules defined in this map . 
test:  generate   create
truth:  generates   a

test:  from assets to the schedule .
truth: returns the nfl . 
test:  give   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper around seeds that reads the equivalent of a stream .
truth: prepares a filename to be passed to the player . 
test:  function   handles
truth:  prepares   a

test:  find the parameters that may be a media .
truth: returns the element at index after moving it to the top of stack . 
test:  signed   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  larger through all the parent nodes in the parent .
truth: underlying implementation for node insertion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   implementation

test:  skip a test if a database is in decorator .
truth: skip a test if a custom user model is in use . 
test:  skip   a
truth:  skip   a

test:  sets the given attribute to be published by the api .
truth: configure the input data for vtk pipeline object obj . 
test:  pipe   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  guess the pipeline information needed to generate pickleable .
truth: workflow that performs nlmeans denoising example . 
test:  find   verifies
truth:  null   workflow

test:  compile a device with a passed template .
truth: compile a devicefunctiontemplate . 
test:  compile   null
truth:  compile   a

test:  return the role by its name .
truth: retrieve role by name . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieve   role

test:  converts a string to an want want to a fixed slug .
truth: normalize a string and remove non-alphanumeric characters . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  normalize   a

test:  test the inheritance reads bundle .
truth: test the bundle debug setting in a nested scenario . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of all volumes on the cloud provider .
truth: describe a volume volume_id one or more volume ids . 
test:  simulate   a
truth:  describe   a

test:  check if http status code is client .
truth: check if http status code is client error . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  forgets the integer buffers .
truth: syncswapbuffers(n) if n==1 then buffers will sync . 
test:  migrate   null
truth:  if   null

test:  usage: attr_gt only true if access_objs attribute != the value given .
truth: check if accessing_obj is the same as accessed_obj usage: self() this can be used to lock specifically only to the same object that the lock is defined on . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   check

test:  clean out any data in the database .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  build   null
truth:  built   remove

test:  collects all .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  maps to support limited to the tests .
truth: preload a registries . 
test:  create   null
truth:  preload   a

test:  check whether a short number is a valid short number .
truth: tests whether a short number matches a valid pattern . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  creates a directory path which to use .
truth: create the path to a package . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  works like z-wave .
truth: n340 - check for neutron . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  setting the computer .
truth: set the debug mode . 
test:  define   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the image is present in the system name of the image to check for the image .
truth: if a container with the given name is not present . 
test:  schedule   null
truth:  if   a

test:  cast to unicode .
truth: safe_str -> string returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  copies   version
truth:  null   null

test:  fetch *val* .
truth: queries logs urls from the admin service api and fetches the files into --fetch_dir . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  assign forum to the given node .
truth: return the higher parent which is not an assname . 
test:  assign   node
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a class instance with this class .
truth: for a given bufsize type . 
test:  returns   str
truth:  null   a

test:  return a rule representing a condition .
truth: only apply rule if condition is true . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  apply   apply

test:  insert keys into the target python dictionary .
truth: nested dictionary insertion . 
test:  create   host
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  return a list of all available vm images on the cloud provider with relevant data .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  a context manager to verify the secret exists .
truth: verifies secret key for a request . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verifies   secret

test:  create a set of rrc822 that remap depth-first .
truth: calculate the largest peak-to-trough drawdown of the pnl curve as well as the duration of the drawdown . 
test:  creates   use
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  gets the value of the requested header .
truth: return http request header . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   http

test:  try to determine the current system username .
truth: try to determine the current system users username . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  get list of page with passed permissions .
truth: returns a list of records by filters . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary .
truth: make the elements of a list unique by inserting them into a dictionary . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  mock s on python 2 .
truth: convert a string to its boolean value . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  replace all the supported classes with the provided data .
truth: rewrite links to xhtml lore input documents so they point to lore xhtml output documents . 
test:  fix   module
truth:  rewrite   links

test:  return the complex table from the package .
truth: return a masked table from the io . 
test:  parse   run
truth:  return   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  like the moving image .
truth: return the specified section of the image . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  converts file to file .
truth: applies tesseract to filename; or . 
test:  to   a
truth:  applies   tesseract

test:  changes a list of vms on a list of dicts: .
truth: return combined network counters used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  combined   return

test:  replace local line with a syntactically valid name .
truth: replace & with and and | with or so that bitwise precedence is changed to boolean precedence . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compare two lists of equal objects .
truth: returns true if items in left list are equal to items in right list . 
test:  value   items
truth:  returns   returns

test:  stack tables along columns a join_type of exact means that have the same number of rows .
truth: stack tables vertically a join_type of exact means that the tables must all have exactly the same column names . 
test:  stack   tables
truth:  stack   tables

test:  lists all members for this group cli examples: .
truth: replaces members of the group with a provided list . 
test:  to   user
truth:  replaces   members

test:  computes finite diff of the finite derivative of the passed kind of general": .
truth: calculates the finite difference approximation of the derivative of requested order at x0 from points provided in x_list and y_list . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return a string .
truth: dump to a string . 
test:  filtered   encode
truth:  to   null

test:  return a tile key string .
truth: return a tile key string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  a wrapper around pprint .
truth: a wrapper around pprint . 
test:  provided   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert s to unicode objects .
truth: decode a string as ascii or utf8 if possible . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  return a map of all detected version .
truth: available major . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  null   null

test:  construct a class .
truth: turn a compound into a sympy object . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  use this def only if ns for the ns for the id or def visible .
truth: use this def only if the ns for the id has been verified as visible . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return an iterator over all classes in the given log .
truth: return the sequence of operations that results from applying the operation op to instances of the given classes . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the content of the tag with the specified c{nodeid} .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified attribute in the passed html document . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a warning instance with context manager .
truth: create an orphan field at specified address: field_cls the field uses the fieldset properties but it isnt added to the field set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  return the number of users that are supported by this http header .
truth: gets the available thread count . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a human-readable string made in number of seconds since the human readable is returned in number of seconds before comparing .
truth: returns a human-friendly time string that is always exactly 6 characters long . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if csf exists .
truth: only runs if sysrc exists . 
test:  load   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  install a requirements requirements .
truth: install python dependencies . 
test:  build   run
truth:  install   python

test:  reads a certificate certificate from a file .
truth: load a certificate from a specified path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  send measurement shed to the tool shed to retrieve the tool shed traversal from the tool shed .
truth: determine if a tool shed is the current tool shed . 
test:  return   element
truth:  if   null

test:  converts the string "s" to a sympy expression .
truth: converts the string s to a sympy expression . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  generates a np .
truth: generates a cube-shaped structuring element . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  change control index page .
truth: messaging index page . 
test:  default   null
truth:  index   index

test:  language: ru -> scenario .
truth: language: ru -> scenario . 
test:  null   ru
truth:  null   ru

test:  helper to set the alarm alarm for the alarm file .
truth: set the hardware rtc-based wake alarm to alarm_time . 
test:  stores   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  splits the datastore path at the given path .
truth: split the vmware style datastore path to get the datastore name and the entity path . 
test:  splits   a
truth:  split   split

test:  decorrelation n-dimensional matrix exponential function .
truth: symmetric decorrelation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   symmetric

test:  apply a single function to a configuration .
truth: recurse for sdb:// links for opts . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  recurse   null

test:  given a iterator that will render a page called from html list .
truth: grab prefixes after a :class:~google . 
test:  converts   data
truth:  prefixes   prefixes

test:  return the <jdepend+plugin> wrapper to use as the <jdepend+plugin> .
truth: if using pandas returns a function to wrap the results . 
test:  get   null
truth:  using   null

test:  renders a json values of the values of a values .
truth: render an incoming mapping using context provided in context using jinja2 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  render   render

test:  formats the date to match the rfc1123 marker .
truth: function for dealing with pytime values with invalid dates . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a url if it is inside a url .
truth: sanitize url . 
test:  search   null
truth:  url   url

test:  returns a dictionary mapping command names to names and their callback values for the given callback .
truth: returns a dictionary mapping command names to their callback applications . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a dict .
truth: make room in the given cache . 
test:  cache   update
truth:  make   room

test:  stops service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: reload the named service cli example: . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  submits a task to generate a csv containing the given course .
truth: alreadyrunningerror is raised if the courses grades are already being updated . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to .
truth: helper to define a delimited list of expressions - the delimiter defaults to . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  test that ignore ignore server .
truth: test tcp/ip connection for stimserver <-> stimclient . 
test:  test   data
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the extent that consist a set of extent .
truth: returns the begin and end offsets for the entire phrase containing the head token and its dependents . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  appends the coefficient of the principal date .
truth: coefficient of x_i**j in p . 
test:  pad   null
truth:  null   coefficient

test:  returns the string representation of the given journal .
truth: returns the complete text of the journal . 
test:  null   print
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the expression code assist assist assist assist assist assist .
truth: return the expression to complete . 
test:  return   handles
truth:  return   return

test:  download a file to a bucket .
truth: download an s3 object to a file . 
test:  download   handles
truth:  download   download

test:  return a datetime .
truth: return unix time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   unix

test:  register the log filtering policy .
truth: add_redaction_filter injects the redaction filter into all of the logger handlers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  injects   null

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  retrieve all vms data from this environment cli example: .
truth: retrieve all vms available on this environment cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  find a hypervisor by id .
truth: get a hypervisor by name or id . 
test:  get   plots
truth:  get   a

test:  a decorator for memoizing function .
truth: decorator for overloaded functions/methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  pop the current context from the stack .
truth: get rid of the current local dictionary . 
test:  call   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the module has a new otp .
truth: safely check for pyqt4/5 . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  check   check

test:  a simple replaceable replaceable if the values are stored in the way .
truth: finds the number of prefixed byte occurrences in the haystack . 
test:  simulates   str
truth:  finds   null

test:  context manager that adds a local or the handler to the context on the code that is running on the code .
truth: context that raises an exception if process is blocking . 
test:  null   context
truth:  context   context

test:  convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet .
truth: convert string columns holding ip addresses to inet for postgresql . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  copy each file to the destination directory if it is not there .
truth: create a function to copy a file that can be modified by a following node without changing the original file . 
test:  copy   in
truth:  create   a

test:  tests that the projects list is valid .
truth: test that the plugin only displays visible categories with shop . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  helper method for simulating xenapi plugin types .
truth: infer a single type for an iterable of values . 
test:  infer   null
truth:  infer   a

test:  expands type string to a flat type .
truth: expand an ne class name . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  expand   expand

test:  importing w/ a nested object should accept in the nested directory .
truth: test nested imports from the stdlib . 
test:  test   test
truth:  nested   test

test:  return a list of absolute config files found in the scrapyd .
truth: get configuration paths from environment variables . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   configuration

test:  return the default part of the module-level module-level reverse reverse function this orthogonal orthogonal to ever ever .
truth: returns the path extensions from environment or a default . 
test:  get   style
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that hyphens get translated to underscores during mangling .
truth: ensure that identifiers ending with a question mark get mangled ok . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  given a proxy .
truth: parse all proxy information from a proxy string . 
test:  download   loader
truth:  parse   parse

test:  only work on gentoo systems with pkg .
truth: only make these states available if a service provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  provides   work
truth:  make   null

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return the complexity of complexity .
truth: estimate the worst case time pow takes to calculate . 
test:  takes   base
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  create a random ascii variable with the unicodedammit distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a binomial distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the most recent snapshot of the most recent snapshot .
truth: gets the most recently created snapshot and optionally filters the result if the snapshot is too old . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  element-wise exponentiation .
truth: softsign of a tensor . 
test:  null   teardown
truth:  null   null

test:  create a signal instance for a type .
truth: fire a signal on a given workflow instance . 
test:  attaches   remove
truth:  fire   a

test:  returns the size of a given format .
truth: returns the size for the specified sample *format* . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handles the osf users if he is logged in .
truth: logs the user in . 
test:  null   build
truth:  logs   logs

test:  returns the conductance conductance between nodes and all the edges .
truth: returns the conductance of two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  encode a base64 encoded data into base64 bytes .
truth: convert a binary string into its base64 encoding . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes spectral correlation between coordinate vectors .
truth: project a matrix into the domain of matrices whose row-wise sums of squares are less than or equal to 1 . 
test:  finds   data
truth:  project   a

test:  deletes all tables .
truth: this is the python equivalent of the deletesession . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  is   null

test:  return the current line number cli example: .
truth: determine the compiler being used on win32 . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  determine   null

test:  shift_expression : conditional_expression .
truth: conditional_expression : logical_or_expression . 
test:  null   multiplicative_expression
truth:  null   conditional_expression

test:  convert a cluster mask into a numpy mask .
truth: convert to the old format of clusters . 
test:  normalize   loop
truth:  to   convert

test:  helper function to create a weight initializer for a given set of weight initializer .
truth: returns a default initializer for the weights of a convolutional module . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of all level lengths for each level of each level .
truth: given an index . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  show a message information .
truth: show an information message box . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   show

test:  computes the discrete log of a positive log of the discrete kind .
truth: compute the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  discretize model by taking the center on the center of the bin .
truth: discretize model by taking the value at the center of the bin . 
test:  value   in
truth:  model   model

test:  decorator to ensure that the named container exists .
truth: decorator to ensure that the named container exists . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  ensure that the specified ruby is present .
truth: verify that the gemset is present . 
test:  to   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a single aggregates resource .
truth: get a list of aggregates associated with a resource provider . 
test:  send   a
truth:  get   a

test:  for each kb .
truth: return the set of ids for the top contributors based on the params . 
test:  show   a
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a sp class .
truth: helper class for creating an instance of the appropriate spatial pooler using given parameters . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  null   class

test:  purge all options for the installed app .
truth: clear our data from the environment when necessary . 
test:  purges   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  like check_output but we simplepush the log for the given log or log .
truth: the approve_registration script saves 2 log types: - project_registered - registration_approval_approved . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a heap for a given array .
truth: transform a lowpass filter prototype to a highpass filter . 
test:  function   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  compute the additive kernel between x and y .
truth: computes the additive chi-squared kernel between observations in x and y the chi-squared kernel is computed between each pair of rows in x and y . 
test:  search   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  return disk format size data .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  a proxy view that generates domain names from the user .
truth: serve the xdomain proxy page . 
test:  null   null
truth:  serve   null

test:  returns a dictionary of information for the specified type .
truth: convert a list of file info tuples to dictionaries convert a list of layer file info tuples to a dictionary using the first element as the key . 
test:  get   file
truth:  convert   a

test:  call all the gcd numbers .
truth: brian and i *think* that this gets all objects . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that the cache cache exists .
truth: ensure that the data root exists . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  replace blaze values with data from blaze expression .
truth: replaces parameters with constant nodes . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  replaces   parameters

test:  simple function to get the graph for this script .
truth: return the parser object for the oxli subcommand handler . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   return

test:  makes a jupyter notebook notebook .
truth: returns a dictionary with the elements of a jupyter notebook . 
test:  produces   utility
truth:  returns   a

test:  a csrf attribute can be included in the request to get a csrf token from a csrf request .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  place   remove
truth:  context   processor

test:  decodes the priority of a single byte string .
truth: call with arguments . 
test:  text   a
truth:  call   call

test:  returns a permission user with passed permissions .
truth: returns app_label . 
test:  loading   a
truth:  returns   app_label

test:  returns a list of the reserved for the given index .
truth: retrieve the non-reserved properties from a dictionary of properties @args reserved_props: the set of reserved properties to exclude . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  try to find a class by name .
truth: try to find a file on sys . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  to   try

test:  writes debug messages to stderr only if the python interpreter was invoked with the debugger flag .
truth: print an error message to stdout and exit with return code 1 . 
test:  error   a
truth:  print   print

test:  test trigonometric interpolation .
truth: test trigonometric interpolation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator for request types which will check if the given name is made .
truth: determine the name type whose regex the a functions name should match . 
test:  return   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  turn a default filter .
truth: the default progress/filter callback; returns true for all files . 
test:  generates   default
truth:  default   default

test:  compute the entropy of two upper inline-image .
truth: define a cross entropy loss using softmax_cross_entropy_with_logits . 
test:  default   returns
truth:  define   a

test:  in the server .
truth: log events related to server requests . 
test:  logs   a
truth:  log   events

test:  open the telemetry logs .
truth: open log files . 
test:  launch   open
truth:  log   log

test:  retrieve a class by name .
truth: return the lone class contained by *module* . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split each item in list by its array into a list of array names .
truth: group elements into list of size group_size and fill empty cells with filler . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   elements

test:  compiles a string for working with l{registerreapprocesshandler} .
truth: compiles template_string into nodelist ready for rendering . 
test:  compiles   a
truth:  compiles   template_string

test:  convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a sheet1!a1:b1 range .
truth: convert zero indexed row and col cell references to a a1:b1 range string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a path relative to the astropy .
truth: return a path relative to $state_path . 
test:  return   os
truth:  return   a

test:  decodes the user input from python 2 and 3 strings .
truth: get decoded input from the terminal . 
test:  input   decodes
truth:  decoded   get

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  null   one
truth:  perform   one

test:  add an image to a new channel object .
truth: put alpha channel of original image in the new image . 
test:  is   drop
truth:  put   alpha

test:  calculate the nti group of a random group .
truth: calculates the nti of the selected group . 
test:  calculate   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  gets the file description for the given key .
truth: embedded geoexplorer: url this is used as a demo of gxp components which we want to pull into the map viewing client . 
test:  download   null
truth:  embedded   null

test:  wait until the mathjax javascript has loaded .
truth: wait until mathjax is loaded and set up on the page . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  changeset add .
truth: changeset add . 
test:  control   message
truth:  add   add

test:  remove all activities from the feed functions .
truth: remove the activities from the feed functions used in tasks need to be at the main level of the module . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: requires newer pycrypto and pyopenssl . 
test:  check   load
truth:  requires   requires

test:  perform all leading permission on the given node .
truth: assign a unique integer to the given attribute in the rag . 
test:  clean   null
truth:  assign   a

test:  returns the configured server id .
truth: provides an integer based on the fqdn of a machine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of values into a flat list .
truth: an example function that will turn a nested dictionary of results into a flat list . 
test:  replace   example
truth:  null   example

test:  slugify a string .
truth: converts to lowercase . 
test:  required   string
truth:  to   converts

test:  get the clip area path .
truth: get a clipped and simplified loop path . 
test:  get   node
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieves the contents of the given file and returns it .
truth: parse /etc/resolv . 
test:  parse   attempts
truth:  parse   parse

test:  parse a phenotype source file into a dict .
truth: parses a votable_ xml file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a random gate for the circuit .
truth: return a random circuit of ngates and nqubits . 
test:  sample   a
truth:  return   a

test:  craetes a new table in a given dataset .
truth: creates a simple table in the given dataset . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a snapshot of a given snapshot id .
truth: create a basic volume snapshot bdm from a given template bdm . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  builds the vmdk detach config spec .
truth: builds the vmdk detach config spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  write a new pack object to a file .
truth: write pack object to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  pack   pack

test:  return the version string for the version .
truth: return tshark version . 
test:  output   prints
truth:  return   tshark

test:  list all installed directories .
truth: list locally installed packages . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  transforms the exception for a response but keeps its traceback intact .
truth: transforms the exception for the snapshot but keeps its traceback intact . 
test:  null   transforms
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  embed an image into the items media file .
truth: embed an image into the items media file . 
test:  embed   null
truth:  embed   null

test:  remove the rows that compute the add-on of the db .
truth: migrate table meter in hbase . 
test:  null   a
truth:  migrate   table

test:  returns the 1-d slices of an axis .
truth: takes elements of an array at specified indices along an axis . 
test:  null   a
truth:  takes   elements

test:  return a list of matching directories .
truth: return a list of audio files for the given directory . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the list of current inventory resources .
truth: returns a set() containing the resource class ids for all resources currently having an inventory record for the supplied resource provider . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  removes all roles from a domain or a project as a domain .
truth: removes all roles from a group on a domain or project . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  construct a message from a load-balancer .
truth: build up the response from the labels found . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  build   up

test:  invoke an image uuid : boolean optional uuid of image verbose : boolean optional uuid of image verbose : boolean optional uuid verbose verbose uuid of image verbose : boolean
truth: import an image from the repository uuid : string uuid to import verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  import   dataset
truth:  import   import

test:  set and retrieve response .
truth: set and retrieve the value of response . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns the zoneinfo-based tzinfo object that matches the windows-configured localzone .
truth: get the computers configured local timezone . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a tensor value for the given variable v .
truth: extract test value from v . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  test   test

test:  generic helper function to send a send email to the console .
truth: a factory to create a generic script template based on genericsendemailscripttemplate class . 
test:  casts   notification
truth:  null   factory

test:  collect with base and b .
truth: collect with respect to a sum . 
test:  collect   elementwise
truth:  collect   null

test:  call this whenever you call this function .
truth: adds a parse callback . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  view function to start a bunch of a given request .
truth: drips data over a duration after an optional initial delay . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  null   data

test:  destroy the attachment record .
truth: destroy the attachment or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  call our failure without changes .
truth: returns failure . 
test:  returns   failure
truth:  returns   failure

test:  get rotation of rotation multi png parameters x : 2d array of rotation .
truth: rotate multiple images with the same arguments . 
test:  search   images
truth:  rotate   multiple

test:  view function that redirects all requests to the support page .
truth: return an httpresponseredirect to the beanbag support page . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  save a context object to the given context .
truth: shortcut for fopen with lock and context manager . 
test:  null   null
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  returns a random integer with the given ansi key .
truth: i return some random data . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return a mode from a given mode .
truth: convert the given mode from a stat call to the corresponding index mode and return it . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  converts the dictionary of items into a flat dict .
truth: like repr . 
test:  make   items
truth:  like   repr

test:  find the search based on tag or category .
truth: find channel based on tag or category . 
test:  find   list
truth:  find   channel

test:  creates a new sqlalchemy filter for the specified key .
truth: apply provided metaquery filter to existing query . 
test:  set   a
truth:  provided   apply

test:  a view that allow testing the request to be sent to the osf flow .
truth: denies editing of demo account on demo server . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  clears all alarms jobs on the local node .
truth: clear an alarm event . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  parse ndp options entry in a buffer is a mpl sequence of bytes .
truth: parse icmpv6 options and return . 
test:  traverse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compile the timestamp for a file .
truth: compile a python source file . 
test:  compiles   function
truth:  compile   a

test:  interface to run the target command .
truth: create an unversioned copy of a tree . 
test:  export   a
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a group members page .
truth: returns members of a group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   members

test:  start a vm vm : string vm to be stopped options : string vm to be deleted options : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example:
truth: start a vm vm : string vm to be started options : string optional additional options key : string [uuid|alias|hostname] value type of vm parameter cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   a

test:  fetch an image from a given image id .
truth: grab initrd or kernel image . 
test:  fetch   image
truth:  grab   null

test:  throws error if the value is a document .
truth: validate the type of method arguments that expect a mongodb document . 
test:  null   validates
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a key/value dictionary from a cookiejar . 
test:  destroys   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the type can be parsed .
truth: valid forms of dbref are either a string #n or an integer n . 
test:  null   a
truth:  forms   forms

test:  ch cosine for ~names .
truth: frequency-swept cosine generator . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   cosine

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  change the backend backend to use the given name .
truth: set a prefered ffi backend . 
test:  null   change
truth:  set   a

test:  alpha alpha parameters cov : array_like .
truth: find the maximum alpha for which there are some non-zeros off-diagonal . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  find   find

test:  load a wsgi request header .
truth: on sae platform . 
test:  replace   change
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator for notify which is used from utils .
truth: decorator for notify which is used from utils . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a 404 error gone .
truth: returns a 410 gone error . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  write simple methods method to a method method .
truth: write methods of service types . 
test:  write   helper
truth:  write   methods

test:  returns the string representation of the given resetting string .
truth: safe way how to get the proper exception represtation as a string "%s" % exception and 2) "%s" % str(exception) . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  null   way

test:  convert images into an image .
truth: converts the given image to the numpy array for resnets . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the degree of a matrix .
truth: return count of trigonometric functions in expression . 
test:  create   return
truth:  count   count

test:  unittest runner .
truth: unittest runner . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  null   runner

test:  check if the api node is view .
truth: checks to see if a node exists . 
test:  if   a
truth:  to   checks

test:  like pretty() but stores them in a text output .
truth: useful utility; prints the string in hexadecimal . 
test:  null   escape
truth:  null   null

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imageproperty object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  helper to generate user cert subject .
truth: helper to generate user cert subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  generates a total configuration from the configuration .
truth: start datastore admin operation . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  start   start

test:  returns the normalized normalized normalized size of the graph .
truth: returns the normalized size of the cut between two sets of nodes . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts the value of an integer to a positive int .
truth: converts the argument into an integer . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  converts   converts

test:  delete the given node .
truth: delete a computenode from the database . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  creates a dictionary for the location that was use for the given location .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if n contains at least one contains depth at the given depth .
truth: is the needle in haystack at depth n? return true if the needle is present in one of the sub-iterables in haystack at depth n . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a simple text file with a wrapped mime file .
truth: return a monotonically increasing integer . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  read a document from a one- response like a python dictionary .
truth: combines 5 times 7 bits into a value . 
test:  read   read
truth:  combines   null

test:  converts the string to json representation .
truth: converts a json-c string into a jsonc object . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   a

test:  generate a file from the specified filesystem or file .
truth: multiprocess-safe secret key file generator . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   secret

test:  get external downloader path .
truth: given the name of the executable . 
test:  get   plugin
truth:  given   null

test:  generate pseudorandom number .
truth: generate pseudorandom number . 
test:  generate   pseudorandom
truth:  generate   pseudorandom

test:  check to make sure vlim is not a valid vlim and all of its "list" .
truth: check the vlim . 
test:  function   check
truth:  check   check

test:  applies a given image index for each order of an image .
truth: yield images of the gaussian pyramid formed by the input image . 
test:  null   null
truth:  yield   images

test:  a view which can be used as an item in a string .
truth: return empty string for none value . 
test:  returns   html
truth:  empty   return

test:  builds a dict of c{paths} fsm to a cluster fsm .
truth: create a new cluster status fsm . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the url to the br service .
truth: constructs the br_service url . 
test:  return   service
truth:  constructs   null

test:  returns none if p is none .
truth: butler-portugal canonicalization . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   canonicalization

test:  returns the url to a course image .
truth: try to look up the image url for the course . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   try

test:  a view that uses a registration template .
truth: displays the template validator form . 
test:  address   version
truth:  displays   null

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  test   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  negative sampling loss function .
truth: negative sampling loss function . 
test:  sampling   null
truth:  sampling   null

test:  checks if expired is expired .
truth: check if account is expired . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the complex path from the vector3 if it exists .
truth: get the complex path from the vector3 path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a class with a class that either contain a class or an instance of a class .
truth: returns a suitable contribute_to_class() method for the field subclass . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to check if a command is installed .
truth: check if this user is able to access the socket directory and print a warning if not . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  use the old python-memcache server hash hash hash fields .
truth: use the old python-memcache server hash function . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot args: name : the name of the service to check returns: bool: true if the service is disabled cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  remove a single package with the given name the name of the vm to remove a show all the user : prevent it does not exist .
truth: removes installed alternative for defined <name> and <path> or fallback to default alternative . 
test:  make   a
truth:  installed   null

test:  yaml: cucumber-reports enable config during config .
truth: yaml: config-file-provider provide configuration files which will be copied to the jobs workspace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a formatted string which is reversed to be name/hostname .
truth: this helper function will format the current time in the same way as twisteds logger does . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  take a session and a new timestamp .
truth: retrieve a previously stored ticket from the ticket dictionary . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  ordereddict data in panel format and return the result .
truth: converts the given data into a panel . 
test:  return   data
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the given directory path .
truth: helper function to open webpages . 
test:  create   get
truth:  function   function

test:  finds the absolute path for the given repo .
truth: get the path for the migrate repository . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  get   get

test:  clears the cache .
truth: cache management . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  cache   management

test:  get the value of the := files .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  merge the key_id .
truth: merge struct s1 into s0 . 
test:  init   merge
truth:  merge   struct

test:  returns a dict of used for the specified file .
truth: returns the images and their ranks that are scheduled to be built and that exist in the configuration file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  iterates over a binary represented by its unexpected form .
truth: interpolated averages . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  interpolated   null

test:  enable a service .
truth: enable a service . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  enable   a

test:  check that the current user strings works as expected to a new works on the right side works for the right side should work with the right and convert it
truth: issue: url . 
test:  null   test
truth:  url   url

test:  return the tag matches the given tag .
truth: logic determines if a qname matches the desired local tag and namespace . 
test:  reverse   return
truth:  determines   logic

test:  generates a ctypes function for the given operation .
truth: for coordinate sequence operations . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  coordinate   coordinate

test:  returns a dict of files with a given metadata .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  function   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  return an item or directory for debugging .
truth: return a full path to file_path in the extras directory . 
test:  create   scan
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new adcustomizerfeed .
truth: creates textads that use ad customizations for the specified adgroups . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  send e-mail to a most recent plotly .
truth: shows the plot . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  shows   shows

test:  create a test suite for testing purposes .
truth: create a fake that implements l{_ikqueue} . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add axis labels to a port .
truth: helper function to add axes labels and a title to stats plots . 
test:  add   plotting
truth:  function   function

test:  test reading and writing of mne-c .
truth: test io of info . 
test:  default   download
truth:  io   io

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test stores are not created with slashes on their name . 
test:  test   test
truth:  stores   stores

test:  set the loglevel to be used when the unit is loaded .
truth: callback function for guarding loglevel . 
test:  callback   callback
truth:  function   function

test:  read a dictionary string .
truth: takes a string and returns a dict containing the parsed structure . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  add an integer to a list of dicts .
truth: concat a path for this name . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return events corresponding to the trigs .
truth: mask digital trigger values . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  mask   digital

test:  allow turning a role that creates a new role .
truth: use of @roles and @hosts dedupes when merging . 
test:  make   test
truth:  use   use

test:  compute nth derivative of real-order modified bessel function kv(z) kv(z) is the modified bessel function of the second kind .
truth: compute nth derivative of modified bessel function iv(z) with respect to z . 
test:  implement   nth
truth:  compute   nth

test:  compute a shallow lookup array .
truth: computes a crc16 on the passed in string . 
test:  compute   strings
truth:  computes   a

test:  returns a sorted list of the current locale names .
truth: return the ip of eth0 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision .
truth: compute id of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  find out what items are autosummary in the given objects docstring .
truth: find out what items are documented in the given objects docstring . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validate that value is an integer or a string .
truth: validates that value is an integer . 
test:  maxstalenessseconds   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects .
truth: parse all yaml documents in a stream and produce corresponding python objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a query with all items in the given user .
truth: returns a tuple which contains the category and the forums as list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  list all processes related kernel .
truth: return a dict of pid to ppid mappings . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that an input header fails with a normal header fails .
truth: bad header without initial # %ecsv x . 
test:  passing   a
truth:  header   header

test:  this function calculate the hash with the given hash .
truth: convert strings from a lettuce hash to appropriate types . 
test:  function   function
truth:  convert   strings

test:  determine whether the size is a stub or an operator .
truth: filter files greater than size . 
test:  decide   return
truth:  files   files

test:  set up the users authentication .
truth: let pyramid_multiauth manage authentication and authorization from configuration . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  let   null

test:  generator to generate a random sentence-like .
truth: yield random 12-hex-digit unicodes . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns true if expr is a negative expression .
truth: finds singularities for a function . 
test:  select   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a set of relevant values .
truth: return a new dict containing only items relevant for renewal . 
test:  return   in
truth:  return   a

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode text . 
test:  null   null
truth:  limit   a

test:  remove the resource_type .
truth: given task name . 
test:  url   null
truth:  given   task

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a string for an xml cdata section . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   a

test:  you can override this fixture to enable the celery fixture .
truth: you can override this fixture to enable logging . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  starts a notification server for the request .
truth: start notify server this server is dedicated to notification features . 
test:  start   start
truth:  notify   notify

test:  returns true if the given path is an executable .
truth: returns if the program is executable . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   returns

test:  return the grains of the rcctl(8) that is similar to the given file .
truth: get include string for list of dependent rpms to build package . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  include   include

test:  register a function or check class .
truth: register a function as a policy check . 
test:  register   register
truth:  register   a

test:  return the base directory where a path is located .
truth: convert a path to its source directory form . 
test:  check   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a template name .
truth: fetch all of the templates in the src directory . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  return a dict of active data from the database .
truth: returns a dictionary representation of an error as described in the json api specification . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  this function returns the current site site .
truth: returns the site for the current request if any . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure all values within a dictionary with specified items .
truth: as opposed to dict . 
test:  update   a
truth:  null   null

test:  split object and return list with tags and will be ordered by two list of tags .
truth: split object id list into three lists with commit . 
test:  split   object
truth:  object   object

test:  return or update the shared axes parameters time : datetime object the matrix to be stored in the given axes .
truth: get the freq attribute of the ax object if set . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  copy one or more source files to the destination destdir if there is a new location .
truth: copy tcl/tk libraries on windows . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  rest controller .
truth: volunteer clusters controller . 
test:  null   cluster
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  helper function to check if a machine exists .
truth: checks in with the hypervisor to see if the machine with the given name is known . 
test:  server   check
truth:  checks   in

test:  change pointed to match host .
truth: changes password on specified or current server . 
test:  transforms   loader
truth:  password   password

test:  a helper function that creates a parenthesised .
truth: a shorthand function to create elements with text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  returns a list of test classes from a given list of test suite .
truth: returns a set of test case classes used in a test suite . 
test:  returns   tests
truth:  returns   a

test:  sets the list of objects of all objects within the set .
truth: set enabled properties on all objects . 
test:  document   set
truth:  enabled   set

test:  return the list of datasets that are followed by the given dataset .
truth: return the list of datasets that are followed by the given user . 
test:  check   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a flat list of objects .
truth: turns a nested graph of lists/tuples/other objects into a list of objects . 
test:  turns   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  creates a sequence of sequences in the given sequence .
truth: returns the first position of subseq in the generator or -1 if there is no such position . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file name and a list of filenames .
truth: pretty print cmds . 
test:  ask   use
truth:  print   print

test:  the prefix for the unset unset .
truth: register a set of configurations with the default config module . 
test:  prefix   a
truth:  register   a

test:  this test fails to a single file that can be used with a closed error handling .
truth: test various strange mode combinations and error reporting . 
test:  test   file
truth:  test   test

test:  ensures that the host group does not exist .
truth: ensures that the user group does not exist . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  get all the inner text of a dom node .
truth: get all the inner text of a dom node . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns date/time .
truth: call the django timesince filter . 
test:  format   returns
truth:  call   call

test:  approximately approximately approximately should be represented by rc4 .
truth: connection finished initializing? . 
test:  plugin   null
truth:  finished   connection

test:  wrapper script for classes that tries to be current language .
truth: convert a string of kana to roomaji . 
test:  returns   alternative
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the network with the given bridge .
truth: return the network on which the bridge is attached . 
test:  return   read
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the named server is enabled in boot cli example: .
truth: check if a server is enabled globally cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  checks whether user can view reports on given project .
truth: checks whether user can do automatic translation on given project . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  determine the score function for a single test .
truth: compute the score of an estimator on a given test set . 
test:  score   replacement
truth:  compute   compute

test:  this wrapper takes a command to be passed via the command line .
truth: replace gdb . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  replace   gdb

test:  test that we can reset to do not in length .
truth: test that %reset in preserves in[] length . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the task is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the task is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  adjust pvalues .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its incrementalencoder class or factory function . 
test:  lookup   text
truth:  lookup   up

test:  returns the number of antidivisors n in the log .
truth: return the number of unitary divisors of n . 
test:  function   number
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current site site .
truth: return current site theme object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   current

test:  given a path to a directory that doesnt exist .
truth: decorator to run function at path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  definition : guess .
truth: definition : literal . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   definition

test:  output with a header information .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  output   null
truth:  output   parameter

test:  method to saved a unicode method .
truth: assert a few things about the result of l{eventasjson} . 
test:  null   method
truth:  assert   a

test:  test get_file_list .
truth: embed canvas via qt designer . 
test:  show   plot
truth:  embed   canvas

test:  return an in-memory workbook .
truth: return an in-memory workbook . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the degree of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return the leading degree of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a bem flow flow .
truth: uses mnes watershed algorithm to create boundary element meshes for a subjects brain . 
test:  create   function
truth:  uses   uses

test:  decorator for views that require a group to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require ownership status of a group . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  like tornado .
truth: l{identitypumppolicy} is a policy which delivers each chunk of data written to the given queue as-is to the target . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  ensure the config is not blocked when the config file is absent .
truth: checks if the given argument is present somewhere in the sections and emits a warning that code analysis can not be run without it . 
test:  set   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns true if idle is using os tk .
truth: returns true if idle is using a native os x tk . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects a datastore summary domain object from the datastore .
truth: returns a domain object for an oppia collection summary given a collection summary model . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  place an order by specified order .
truth: place an order by specified number of shares . 
test:  place   a
truth:  place   place

test:  slice list of shape and slices along the cpu slices .
truth: get the shape of lst after slicing: slices is a list of slice objects . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   get

test:  test pyopengl functionality for basic functionality .
truth: test pyopengl gl backend for full functionality . 
test:  test   copy
truth:  test   pyopengl

test:  returns the profile model matching the provided model .
truth: get the profile model if present otherwise return none . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random graph .
truth: place the graph nodes at random places . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  place   place

test:  creates a database database name user to connect to the user host the user host the user host the host to connect to connect as password of the host the
truth: create a database name database name to create user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the host to connect to port the port to connect to cli example: . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  remove all entity headers that are referenced by the given headers .
truth: remove all entity headers from a list or :class:headers object . 
test:  null   check
truth:  remove   remove

test:  output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names .
truth: output with verbosity 2 must show only the scenario names . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  add a support for a certain step .
truth: adds the given rate to the summary with the given tag . 
test:  add   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  retrieves the bench name for bench .
truth: get the benchmark name from its function object . 
test:  null   training
truth:  get   get

test:  runs a given violations on the specified node and returns a new result of the violations .
truth: runs eslint on static asset directories . 
test:  sets   new
truth:  runs   runs

test:  release an equalizer attribute .
truth: release a previously created equalizer instance . 
test:  release   a
truth:  release   a

test:  get bounding box of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get center of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   bounding
truth:  center   center

test:  compute the polynomial kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the polynomial kernel between x and y:: k = ^degree read more in the :ref:user guide <polynomial_kernel> . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  delete a server .
truth: immediately shut down and delete specified server(s) . 
test:  breaks   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  runn python 3 file for finding .
truth: runn java path fix in windows . 
test:  null   python
truth:  null   null

test:  given an .
truth: read a module file and return a dictionary of classes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  read   a

test:  returns default contact for default func .
truth: returns default contact for the given doctype . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  default   default

test:  creates a new array with the given shape .
truth: creates an uninitialized :class:cupy . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  transform the list of genuine into something that can be listed by the channel grouped by the api .
truth: mutate our soups to be better when we write them out later . 
test:  output   parsing
truth:  mutate   null

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return a groups revisions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service .
truth: returns true if the given username and password authenticate for the given service . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get redis server configuration .
truth: get redis server configuration values cli example: . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   redis

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of all active on the cloud provider .
truth: extract the provider name from vm . 
test:  return   return
truth:  extract   null

test:  testing sys .
truth: weakrefs to struct objects are supported . 
test:  testing   metadata
truth:  to   null

test:  try to identify a sound file type .
truth: try to identify a sound file type . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  create a new header sequence .
truth: makes fasta string given header . 
test:  text   a
truth:  fasta   fasta

test:  generate a random seed with seed and seed .
truth: return a pseudo random number . 
test:  function   a
truth:  return   a

test:  creates a new contributions instance .
truth: retrieves the github commit calendar data for a username . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the inverse of the inverse functions .
truth: inverse permutation p . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   permutation

test:  returns a boolean indicating whether the given job is being executed or not .
truth: aborts a running job . 
test:  show   a
truth:  aborts   a

test:  convert a timestamp string to a datetime object .
truth: convert from a timestamp string to a datetime object . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check if a value is less than or equal to the right type .
truth: return first position not before pos which contains a non-whitespace character . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  entry point for the script with inforamtion .
truth: django has no way to actually represent a view; we simply create a model for testview . 
test:  drops   null
truth:  has   django

test:  returns the __str__ .
truth: bounded range for the exponential function . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   range

test:  read the filename of type data from a file .
truth: read the code inside a bytecode compiled file if the magic number is compatible returns: a code object . 
test:  read   null
truth:  read   read

test:  converts a dictionary of data to a gif image file .
truth: converts input phase difference map to rads . 
test:  gets   convert
truth:  input   input

test:  compute the trimmed cartesian product of the values in the specified axes .
truth: compute the trimmed minimum this function finds the miminum value of an array a along the specified axis . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  unset the flavor extra keys .
truth: unset the flavor extra spec keys . 
test:  unset   a
truth:  unset   null

test:  return true if the member is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the image is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the jth array with all elements in the input array .
truth: return a vector of indices that are non-zero in the flattened version of a . 
test:  indices   a
truth:  return   a

test:  split a bezier tuples of tuples into its canonical tuples .
truth: split a tuple of dyadic rationals into two children so that d_tup = 1/2* . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  fit a single vector of several parameters dist : array_like .
truth: estimate distribution parameters with maximum product-of-spacings parameters params : array_like . 
test:  creates   compute
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  uninstall a python implementation .
truth: uninstall a python implementation . 
test:  uninstall   a
truth:  uninstall   a

test:  recursively iterate over a list .
truth: pack variables into a list . 
test:  arg   cast
truth:  pack   variables

test:  running the "harvest" test .
truth: harvest uses lettuce_test_server specified in settings . 
test:  mail   python
truth:  uses   uses

test:  get data from the given module .
truth: get module data for the module view desk/#module/[name] . 
test:  returns   users
truth:  module   module

test:  compute node connectivity for nodes .
truth: compute node connectivity between all pairs of nodes of g . 
test:  returns   node
truth:  compute   node

test:  escape & .
truth: escape a gobejct parameter name so it can be used as python attribute/argument . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   a

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   null
truth:  load   load

test:  return a dictionary mapping the names of the current ascii about the about module .
truth: custom view for geoexplorer . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the list of css dependencies for the given group .
truth: returns list of css dependencies belonging to group in settings . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  iterates over an iterable of values .
truth: wraps an iterable calling an errback if an error is caught while iterating it . 
test:  parses   null
truth:  wraps   null

test:  checks if the cost has any .
truth: returns true if the repo contains modified files that are uncommitted . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  raise an appropriate error message if expected error was an error or expected .
truth: log and raise an error with a logical formatted message . 
test:  raises   build
truth:  log   log

test:  returns true if the given link is a bad base link .
truth: does the file sym- or hard-link to files outside base? . 
test:  if   a
truth:  does   null

test:  deletes the given exploration index from the given rights .
truth: deletes the exploration with the given exploration_id . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  deletes   null

test:  utility method to render a column in a column of column names .
truth: return the byte in 7- or 8-bit code table identified by c{column} and c{row} . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the name of the file currently being read .
truth: return the name of the file currently being read . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function for views that checks that the user passes the given test .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user passes the given test . 
test:  allow   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a qos_specs that matches hashed password .
truth: check that a plaintext password matches hashed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  retrieves a content layer from the datastore .
truth: helper method to write config_file to disk and do request . 
test:  email   null
truth:  null   method

test:  parse a paypal token string into a corresponding token .
truth: returns a list of token tags parsed from the given <word> element . 
test:  given   messages
truth:  returns   a

test:  recursively collects all files in the given path .
truth: used with salt-cp . 
test:  applies   null
truth:  used   null

test:  slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal .
truth: slave_open -> slave_fd open the pty slave and acquire the controlling terminal . 
test:  slave_open   null
truth:  slave_open   null

test:  should return a dict with an old path .
truth: should exit when with absolute path if not exists . 
test:  test   validate
truth:  exit   exit

test:  trained type: restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  utility function to turn a creation sequence into a canonicalized sequence of its weights .
truth: returns a list of node weights which create the threshold graph designated by the creation sequence . 
test:  given   encode
truth:  returns   a

test:  enum_seq : enum_item sep field_seq | enum_item enum_seq .
truth: const_map_seq : const_map_item sep const_map_seq | const_map_item const_map_seq . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return plot .
truth: boiler plate plotting function for the ppplot . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  null   null

test:  writes a dict of log files to a given regular expression .
truth: write a line to a file . 
test:  extract   log
truth:  write   a

test:  create an hosts object .
truth: reserve hosts for user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  reserve   hosts

test:  determine if path is a static file .
truth: generate a url for the specified static file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return an rss site url for the given site .
truth: return true if url describes an rss site with odd titles . 
test:  to   dictionary
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a tornado .
truth: uses a tornado async http client to perform http requests . 
test:  null   a
truth:  uses   a

test:  order delete .
truth: saleorder delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  given an ngram sentence .
truth: this function returns the position of the first instance of the ngram appearing in a sentence . 
test:  craft   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of datastore clusters associated with a given service instance . 
test:  arrays   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  view filtered page .
truth: perspective view . 
test:  null   page
truth:  view   view

test:  serve protected files below the provided path .
truth: serve protected files to authenticated users with read permissions . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  protected   null

test:  retrieves the sort parameters to the default parameters .
truth: retrieves sort keys/directions parameters . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  sort   sort

test:  verify that item is an iterable and desired define .
truth: almost equal or complex conjugates almost equal . 
test:  assert   merge
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of running running running running profile .
truth: get the current running config cli examples: . 
test:  set   null
truth:  get   get

test:  delete options .
truth: delete/unset a configuration option . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  null   a

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  merge a dict in dsk2 .
truth: merge two dasks together . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  returns the module number .
truth: retrieve an instance of a running session . 
test:  module   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  gives a sentence or expression computation .
truth: dictionary corresponding to apply part of split-apply-combine operation . 
test:  apply   compute
truth:  corresponding   dictionary

test:  undo the effects of override_system_resolver() .
truth: override the system resolver routines in the socket module with versions which use dnspythons resolver . 
test:  pads   undo
truth:  override   override

test:  return a dict with the specified value .
truth: return a dict from config whether it is a dict . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  provision a user from a package .
truth: provision flocker on a node using the default user . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  null   flocker

test:  scrape lyrics from a url .
truth: scrape lyrics from a url . 
test:  null   lyrics
truth:  null   lyrics

test:  check if executable is installed .
truth: returns the first command found in a list of commands cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  pretty print the device extents extents link to a random clause file .
truth: find the extents of the underlying device memory allocation . 
test:  is   null
truth:  find   find

test:  convert a datetime object to integer milliseconds .
truth: convert milliseconds from the epoch to utc datetime . 
test:  is   application
truth:  convert   milliseconds

test:  sets the diffopcodegenerator class used for rendering diffs .
truth: sets the diffrenderer class used for rendering diffs . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  log a message with severity log on the root logger .
truth: log msg % args with the integer severity level on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  rabbitmq all repos .
truth: start a local rabbitmq server . 
test:  null   run
truth:  start   a

test:  list the modified files that belong to a package .
truth: list the modified files that belong to a package . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  compute cluster connectivity using cluster test .
truth: non-parametric cluster-level test for spatio-temporal data . 
test:  compute   power
truth:  null   null

test:  perform any cleanup actions in the logging system .
truth: perform any cleanup actions in the logging system . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  compute nth derivative of f .
truth: compute numerical approximations of roots of f . 
test:  using   actions
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper method to wrap a kind of parent that can staff html into a single string .
truth: return a context object where the values from overwrites augment the parent configuration . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  define a l2loss .
truth: define a l2loss . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed .
truth: common interface for obtaining the version of installed packages . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   interface

test:  verifies that a certificate is present and is valid output .
truth: verify that the certificate has not expired . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert classified text to an html fragment .
truth: convert classified text to an html fragment . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  add relative files to the given stage list .
truth: add files to the staging area . 
test:  add   a
truth:  files   files

test:  creates a new triple .
truth: make an entity to be returned by a pseudo-kind query . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  effect size for a cross discovery .
truth: draws an index given an array of probabilities . 
test:  draw   line
truth:  draws   null

test:  calculates the nd field for the specified source .
truth: get fds for audit log files created between now-offset and now . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   get

test:  adapted version of evenly .
truth: determines the subset of destinations that can be reached from a set of starting positions . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  do not allow us to use the http error .
truth: when credentials are passed in url and via -a at the same time . 
test:  test   user
truth:  null   credentials

test:  return options list of options for a given event .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  get   get

test:  check whether the subnet is a subnet .
truth: validate that the ip address is on the subnet . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  read json object from file and return as byte string .
truth: read json tag data from file and return as object . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   json

test:  test to ensure that all the data can accept a few browser .
truth: test to ensure transform . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   test

test:  get the volume tag for a volume .
truth: retrieve the tag from the specified volume with the specified name . 
test:  given   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  fetch current site .
truth: retrieves site record from ee databse . 
test:  function   null
truth:  retrieves   site

test:  adds --run-without-docker argument to the iblockdeviceapi .
truth: add a --all option to run the full range of parameters for tests generated using the pytest test generators . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  let a figure described by a matrix .
truth: calculate infinite potentials for meg or eeg sensors using chunks . 
test:  compute   correlation
truth:  calculate   infinite

test:  check that methods do not use default .
truth: check that mutable object isnt used as default argument n322: methods default argument shouldnt be mutable . 
test:  control   null
truth:  check   check

test:  given an html fragment .
truth: function to insert an html element into another html fragment example: html = <p>paragraph1</p><p>paragraph2 . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return dataframe year : gdp_yoy : pi :(%) si :(%) industry:(%) ti :(%) .
truth: return dataframe year : gdp : pc_gdp : gnp : pi : si : industry : cons_industry : ti : trans_industry : lbdy : . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  conditionally sets the current user as sudo .
truth: return env . 
test:  changes   decode
truth:  return   env

test:  determine if the object instance is of a protected type .
truth: true if the object is a native datatype that does not need to be serialized further . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return true if the given file exists .
truth: check if a file already exists . 
test:  if   tests
truth:  if   check

test:  make a generator which provides a sequence of objects .
truth: sort a sequence of text strings in a reasonable order . 
test:  return   null
truth:  sort   a

test:  fetch the name for the current user .
truth: return a display name if set . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   a

test:  authentication view .
truth: renders the post azure authorization page . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  returns a default component of the default component .
truth: return a default component . 
test:  sets   default
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the encoding is in the encoding .
truth: get the encoding to use for *inputting* strings from the console . 
test:  null   return
truth:  get   get

test:  make sure that the check to be update is update .
truth: help eeg readers to add montage . 
test:  check   check
truth:  help   eeg

test:  the function to compute the total 1 for each variable with the highest total width and 3 .
truth: the function1 peak function to be used with scenario 1 . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all inbound tweets are visible here .
truth: restful crud controller for the twitter outbox - all sent tweets are visible here . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  deletes a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones .
truth: makedirs super-mkdir; create a leaf directory and all intermediate ones . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if the named service is available at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is available . 
test:  if   list
truth:  return   return

test:  fit coil .
truth: fit rotation and translation parameters for chpi coils . 
test:  convert   compute
truth:  fit   rotation

test:  returns true if this request is enabled .
truth: returns boolean indicating whether comprehensive theming functionality is enabled or disabled . 
test:  if   check
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  this function does nothing .
truth: strategy that makes an alternativerule out of multiple possible results . 
test:  reshape   indentation
truth:  null   strategy

test:  show all the currently :func:authenticated .
truth: attempt to perform completion . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  revoke a user from a user .
truth: revoke cluster administration privileges from a user . 
test:  revoke   return
truth:  revoke   cluster

test:  project version form view shows a project with a list of tasks .
truth: project version detail page . 
test:  project   a
truth:  project   version

test:  transform a libvirtlivemigratedata .
truth: make a protobuf descriptor given a descriptorproto protobuf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  make   a

test:  open a graph from database .
truth: a simple factory function for compatibility with the standard shleve . 
test:  open   utility
truth:  null   a

test:  get a task entity by id .
truth: fetch a task entity by id . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  fetch   a

test:  multiplicative_expression : additive_expression minus multiplicative_expression .
truth: additive_expression : additive_expression plus multiplicative_expression . 
test:  null   additive_expression
truth:  null   additive_expression

test:  returns a random funfact .
truth: returns random funfact or none . 
test:  return   settings
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a new .
truth: maps a tree-like data structure built by composing sequences of type iterable_type . 
test:  map   colors
truth:  maps   a

test:  hyperbolic arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan modulo o and domain x_value: = constant examples .
truth: the arctangent of a series return the series expansion of the atan of p . 
test:  null   logarithm
truth:  null   arctangent

test:  creates a kernel .
truth: creates kernel/ramdisk file from the image stored in the cache . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  clean up main application directory .
truth: cuckoo main loop . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  long line candle .
truth: homing pigeon . 
test:  null   pattern
truth:  null   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  creates a translations plugin for the current session .
truth: adds a new language to the translations . 
test:  issues   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  decorator to cause a method to cache its results in a sync attribute .
truth: helper to synthesize a synchronous method from an async method name . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  check a file with given newline on the current platform .
truth: prints given string to stderr . 
test:  null   shows
truth:  given   prints

test:  get the extrusion craft sequence .
truth: get the winding craft sequence . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrap comma-separated .
truth: substitute decimals for floats in a string of statements . 
test:  encode   home
truth:  decimals   decimals

test:  tests that hugs hug correctly handles a hug api function .
truth: tests that hugs text validator correctly handles uuid values examples were taken from url . 
test:  to   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the currently active translation .
truth: get an available ctid . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  force a l10n revision from the revision we know with a changeset .
truth: collect all user data and install the tools via the galaxy api . 
test:  point   tool
truth:  collect   null

test:  convert a resource uri to a path .
truth: convert uri to file path . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   uri

test:  check if an installed version is installed .
truth: check if pip_ is installed . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  similar to static slices .
truth: a nicer formatting for static analysis tests . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  null   a

test:  a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates .
truth: a smarter {% if %} tag for django templates . 
test:  tuple   a
truth:  null   a

test:  test arithmetic covariance matrix cov .
truth: test arithmetic with noise covariance matrices . 
test:  test   nd
truth:  test   test

test:  get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on windows by running ipconfig . 
test:  to   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the status for the server path url : url the url of the server manager webapp webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: used to test if the tomcat manager is up url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  to   null

test:  show a list of all available files .
truth: return a list of linenumbers for current breakpoints . 
test:  to   manager
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the data for a database .
truth: try to fetch the group named grp_name from the file f . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   try

test:  used by linux promotion to delete some percent .
truth: job to cleanup unused query results -- such that no query links to them anymore . 
test:  delete   use
truth:  to   job

test:  view to setup a comment url .
truth: handle a threadedcommentform submission and redirect back to its related object . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  handle   a

test:  generate adjacency nodes .
truth: places all nodes on a single circle . 
test:  to   generate
truth:  null   places

test:  generate the description for an image file .
truth: generate the source code for the ansible modules . 
test:  generate   custom
truth:  generate   generate

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_diff_eval .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_integrate_in . 
test:  recursive   helper
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  checks whether filters is similar to filters .
truth: checks user command and arguments through command filters and returns the first matching filter . 
test:  checks   use
truth:  checks   user

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  if   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  add groove on each side of cage .
truth: add groove on each side of cage . 
test:  add   groove
truth:  add   groove

test:  elementwise natural logarithm function .
truth: elementwise logarithm function to the base 10 . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   logarithm

test:  remove all databases databases cli example: .
truth: asynchronously save the dataset to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  save   null

test:  expand ~ and ~user constructs .
truth: expand ~ and ~user constructions . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  expand   expand

test:  returns a list of topic topics that are not linked to the given topic .
truth: returns the course topic listing for the given course and user; filtered by topic_ids list if given . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a decorator that ensures that the decorated function is called .
truth: decorate a function to run in its own thread and report the result by calling callback with it . 
test:  null   null
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a boolean value .
truth: return a yes/no value . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets the list of nothing from the output as a list of layers .
truth: pseudo extractor that does not actually extract anything . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   pseudo

test:  takes an object and returns a string .
truth: removes shell metacharacters from a string . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  removes   shell

test:  request a problem to be rescored as a background task .
truth: request to have state deleted for a problem as a background task . 
test:  to   request
truth:  to   request

test:  multiply the second methods for a non-negative operator .
truth: factory function for making binary operator methods on a factor . 
test:  given   function
truth:  function   function

test:  usage: lx export-download-urls [id|name] .
truth: returns oauth2credentials from a clientsecrets file and an auth code . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test installing a package with pip name .
truth: test installing a package with the same name of a local folder . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a cluster from the values dictionary .
truth: create a cluster from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  compares two package versions .
truth: compare software package versions . 
test:  select   params
truth:  compare   software

test:  truncate text to a maximum number of characters .
truth: truncates text to a maximum number of characters . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  test classification report with datasets .
truth: test classification report for multiclass problem . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   classification

test:  shuffles a dictionary by all items in a dictionary .
truth: reverses direction of dependence dict . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  reverses   direction

test:  raises an exception if a password has the given password id .
truth: hashes the given users password using the given salt . 
test:  validates   null
truth:  hashes   hashes

test:  gets the virtual machine with the db .
truth: gets the virtual machine with the ref from the db . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a name for a name # all sls or a dict with specific value .
truth: scan high data for the id referencing the given name and return a list of tuples that match note: if state is sls . 
test:  find   find
truth:  scan   scan

test:  returns the penn mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile token .
truth: returns the mobile token for the provided country calling code if it has one . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a task has a list of mapping .
truth: task classes implementing the mapping interface shouldnt break --list . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   classes

test:  return the data as a list of eigenvalues pairs from the log file .
truth: only timestamp and message . 
test:  create   sort
truth:  null   timestamp

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: adapted from django . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adapted   null

test:  return a setuptools like its :rtype: string .
truth: download setuptools from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid setuptools version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places .
truth: formats a number into a string with the requisite number of digits and decimal places . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  upload a key .
truth: delete public key . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns a random graph for the given tournament graph .
truth: returns a random permutation of the nodes of g as a list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  takes a value and a time value .
truth: return a unix timestamp as a string of digits :return: . 
test:  returns   val
truth:  return   a

test:  returns timeline data for attendance .
truth: return timeline for attendance . 
test:  returns   timeline
truth:  return   timeline

test:  test time without an existing schema .
truth: test time_period validation . 
test:  test   validates
truth:  test   test

test:  shuts a running system .
truth: shutdown a running system . 
test:  null   a
truth:  shutdown   a

test:  return whether we are running in the transparency .
truth: is window transparency supported by the current windowing system . 
test:  return   check
truth:  is   window

test:  make sure that any exceptions returns true if the module does not exist .
truth: checks if importerror was raised because module does not exist or something inside it raised importerror . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  traverse the path to a directory .
truth: yield path and file object for each setup . 
test:  return   a
truth:  yield   path

test:  get details about a vpc peering connection .
truth: returns any vpc peering connection id(s) for the given vpc peering connection name . 
test:  given   details
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper to create source code to a tuple .
truth: converts a sourcelocation proto into a tuple of primitive types . 
test:  to   attempts
truth:  converts   a

test:  test special values of text .
truth: test colorized text contains the input string . 
test:  float   null
truth:  colorized   test

test:  serialize obj to configparser object .
truth: serialize python data to a configparser formatted string or file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  serialize   python

test:  convert text to bytes .
truth: make sure text is bytes type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  decide which desktop should be used .
truth: decide which desktop should be used . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  decide   null

test:  handle fully pivot to get data from data .
truth: make a tabular model where n_inputs is based on the dimension of the lookup_table . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  make   a

test:  list all job id .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if input is related to the time .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unconditionally skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  return the gradient for linear statistic for the linear layer .
truth: makes linear color gradient from start to end . 
test:  return   vector
truth:  makes   linear

test:  get data view from version_info .
truth: get data from epochs or evoked instance as epochs x ch x time . 
test:  returns   utility
truth:  get   data

test:  returns a list of the data directories for a given metadata .
truth: looks for all the directories in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  return   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert a scipy .
truth: convert a matplotlib date to a julian date . 
test:  convert   multiply
truth:  convert   a

test:  create dask bag .
truth: partition-wise bag zip all passed bags must have the same number of partitions . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   bag

test:  yield a gallery_path of temp .
truth: return time between each call like so: tick = delta_t() def get_dt(): return next print get_dt() sleep(1) print get_dt() . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  time   time

test:  test querying some meta data from activated .
truth: test querying metadata() on not activated cache . 
test:  null   test
truth:  querying   test

test:  return a model instance for the given deployment .
truth: validate and coerce the supplied application configuration and deployment configuration dictionaries into a deployment instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path .
truth: returns true if distinct() should be used to query the given lookup path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to import a class from a string representation .
truth: attempt to import a class from a string representation . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  computes the rank of the matrix from matrix .
truth: gives the unranked restricted growth string for a given superset size . 
test:  returns   implementation
truth:  gives   null

test:  generate a set of files for each shell list of paths .
truth: people need not use all the test folders listed here . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  need   need

test:  checks a list of files with present .
truth: ensures that all files are available as keys in both dicts . 
test:  specified   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a dict with the name of the resources 302 by the current request names .
truth: return a list of all installed themes by name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convenience function for quickly getting a reference to a given list of data .
truth: receive a file descriptor from a l{sendmsg} message on the given c{af_unix} socket . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  receive   a

test:  modified modified api .
truth: confirms the specified user . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of meters for the specified project .
truth: return a list of meters by project . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  execute a wheel usage: usage: .
truth: execute a runner async: usage: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  clone a repo .
truth: clone a repository asynchronously with progress animation . 
test:  clone   attempts
truth:  clone   a

test:  displays changed files in the path .
truth: run svn status and return a set of files that have been changed/added . 
test:  create   list
truth:  svn   svn

test:  a decorator useful to make a decorator that converts a decorator to a testtools if a testtools is false .
truth: a decorator to skip tests if an extension is not enabled . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the user-specific platform .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get all volumes .
truth: get all volume services sorted by volume count . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given url refers to the given .
truth: check if a url has an explicit scheme given . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  sets the binary path .
truth: sets the path . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  convert a timestamp relative to a datetime object .
truth: return a datetime object that corresponds to the time in an rfc3339 timestamp . 
test:  hex   timestamp
truth:  return   a

test:  remove lparen nans scores from a dict of mongodb scores .
truth: fixes issue #1240: nans cant be properly compared . 
test:  cleans   loop
truth:  issue   issue

test:  factory that creates a request on a given cluster .
truth: factory that will initialise and return an excenario that places load on the cluster by performing read requests at a specified rate . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  add the index of the big operation .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  fix the base months path with the extra name .
truth: fix the sys . 
test:  fix   fix
truth:  fix   fix

test:  migrate legacy keys that has the models .
truth: check guid models for conflicts . 
test:  migrate   deserialize
truth:  check   guid

test:  the args should be run using the etreefx object .
truth: fixture allowing to test with builtin etree and lxml . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  allowing   fixture

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  same as get but for get get parameters .
truth: version of urlresolvers . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  null   version

test:  returns true if the path is an absolute url .
truth: test wether or not path is absolute url . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  test   wether

test:  test that the report exists .
truth: tests if the reports can be saved/edited and deleted with the implemented save and delete methods . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   tests

test:  constructs and sends a :class:request <request> .
truth: constructs and sends a :class:request <request> . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  list all the states of the hidden python script cli example: .
truth: sets spanning tree protocol state for a bridge cli example: . 
test:  returns   nova
truth:  sets   sets

test:  detect if there is a malicious revision for the specified repository id from the repository changeset .
truth: check the malicious flag in repository metadata for a specified change set revision . 
test:  if   return
truth:  check   check

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps track points . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  temporarily change the previous patch after an email .
truth: context manager for temporary enabling cache . 
test:  create   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns a blueprint .
truth: split serial nos . 
test:  return   a
truth:  split   split

test:  check if we are running in the final os examples .
truth: checks if this implementation is cpython . 
test:  checks   function
truth:  if   checks

test:  require a deb package to be uninstalled .
truth: convert package name + resource into a fully qualified resource name . 
test:  require   null
truth:  package   package

test:  deregister a new class with a compiler class .
truth: remove all custom compilers associated with a given :class: . 
test:  purge   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  a simple _eprocess of the configured image .
truth: simple demo of cluster mode . 
test:  null   network
truth:  demo   demo

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get z component cross product of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   z

test:  iterative a job to the qsub .
truth: wrap a cmd for job submission . 
test:  callback   method
truth:  wrap   a

test:  steps that match groups takes groups as groups .
truth: steps that match named groups takes them as parameters . 
test:  null   hook
truth:  null   steps

test:  create a new instance fault .
truth: create a new instance fault . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the discrete log of a multivariate shanks of a multivariate log probability .
truth: baby-step giant-step algorithm for computing the discrete logarithm of a to the base b modulo n . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  null   null

test:  parse results specific to the clade model c .
truth: for models which have multiple site classes . 
test:  results   models
truth:  null   models

test:  channel release section 9 .
truth: channel mode modify acknowledge section 9 . 
test:  disable   f
truth:  null   mode

test:  a decorator that turns all the main method into the new instance of a class .
truth: global hook to rebuild a given class from its __reduce__ arguments . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  hook   hook

test:  returns an ssh key for the smtp established .
truth: retrieve the authorized_keys entry for root . 
test:  to   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format .
truth: takes a show name from a scene dirname and converts it to a more "human-readable" format . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  converts basestring or cyclic to the tree .
truth: converts nodes of type from_type to nodes of type to_type . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  converts   nodes

test:  returns a list of clusters for the specified axis .
truth: performs upgma clustering using euclidean distances . 
test:  return   null
truth:  performs   null

test:  translate syntax error to a logging error .
truth: rewrites a syntax error to please traceback systems . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  rewrites   a

test:  legacy a string to a test .
truth: convert a legacy fs_list string into a partition . 
test:  converts   utility
truth:  convert   a

test:  to be able to be run .
truth: generator that will sleep between each yield . 
test:  generate   weights
truth:  null   generator

test:  validates whether a model is a model .
truth: validate model metadata . 
test:  validate   validates
truth:  model   model

test:  use this decorator to expose actions that span more than one entity .
truth: use this decorator to expose actions . 
test:  null   use
truth:  use   use

test:  filter the given iterator of symbols by the given iterator .
truth: only yield elements from iterator that do not occur in exclude . 
test:  yield   filters
truth:  yield   null

test:  check if a client is consul .
truth: query consul for all keys/values within base path . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  query   consul

test:  generate a random sample function that is networkx by applying the sphere function parameters behind : array_like .
truth: generates a set of spherical coordinates uniformly distributed over the sphere in a way that gives the same answer for the same seed . 
test:  shift   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the first argument of the known function .
truth: return c{arg} . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the executable has powershell on the server .
truth: determine if powershell is available . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  helper function for :func:dup_decompose to convert cie to constants .
truth: return simplified e using fu-like transformations . 
test:  null   check
truth:  simplified   return

test:  set whether the idle activation is enabled cli example: .
truth: set whether the date is visible in the clock cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a truncated copy of the word with all occurrences of a leading and the string .
truth: adds a suffix to word if some sequence has anything other than exactly one element . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  place imports on separate lines .
truth: imports should usually be on separate lines . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  print the string .
truth: print layerindex followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  factory for the composite methods .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  copy sphinx .
truth: build docs with sphinx-build . 
test:  start   target
truth:  build   docs

test:  prints the usage of a given video .
truth: prints the usage of this script . 
test:  usage   strategy
truth:  prints   prints

test:  get vault belonging to the organization .
truth: get a value from the vault service . 
test:  read   a
truth:  get   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string of json data .
truth: deserialize a stream or string of json data . 
test:  deserialize   a
truth:  deserialize   a

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  checks the keys is not too long .
truth: normalizes and type checks that the given argument is a valid key or keys . 
test:  initialize   multiple
truth:  normalizes   normalizes

test:  patches a remote user data to generate site-package .
truth: run syncdb execute the django-admin syncdb command . 
test:  create   a
truth:  run   syncdb

test:  do arma with arma coefficients for arma process parameters ar : array_like coefficients of observations resource_type : array_like coefficients for each sample inverse : array_like coefficients for each sample sequence
truth: partial autocorrelation function of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  function   color
truth:  null   autocorrelation

test:  returns the name of the pid .
truth: name -> str arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  name   name

test:  return a list of all available heads .
truth: return current repository heads . 
test:  gets   set
truth:  return   current

test:  checks if a user exists on the given host .
truth: checks if a cluster admin or database user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if pyrax is available .
truth: only return if all the modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   return

test:  executing all the available types or a list .
truth: executing all types or general elements that we find in a statement . 
test:  list   null
truth:  executing   null

test:  set the default mchoicefield instance .
truth: utility method to convert comma delimited field . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  start a vm .
truth: start a machine . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: delete a file . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  run a shell comand on a remote host .
truth: runs a single command in shell and returns the read stdout and stderr data . 
test:  run   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  blocks a simple api flow using http web server .
truth: configures redirect uri parameters for oauth2webserverflow . 
test:  null   configure
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  convert a json agreement to a datetime object .
truth: records that the user with given user_id has agreed to the license terms . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  records   records

test:  returns a list of comments for a given command .
truth: find special comments in the config . 
test:  read   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the sigmoid kernel between x and y:: k = tanh read more in the :ref:user guide <sigmoid_kernel> . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  factory function that creates a function for the given cffi pointer .
truth: return a numba type for the given cffi function pointer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  getting the process .
truth: detach the process context from parent and session . 
test:  detach   waits
truth:  detach   detach

test:  test installing a user using a user .
truth: test user install from wheel . 
test:  installing   null
truth:  test   user

test:  returns the description of a given feed .
truth: return a string describing the probable encoding of a file or list of strings . 
test:  string   a
truth:  return   a

test:  home a gcode linear move text .
truth: home a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  require all logging participants to run this logging .
truth: clear out the database . 
test:  generates   async
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like a kb on the given object .
truth: shortcut to render an on class . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   shortcut

test:  given a launch configuration .
truth: check for a launch configurations existence . 
test:  function   null
truth:  check   check

test:  lowess the lowess function for a given class parameters x: : {array-like .
truth: the initial weighted local linear regression for lowess . 
test:  evaluate   return
truth:  null   null

test:  basic networking setup goes here .
truth: basic networking setup goes here . 
test:  initialize   networking
truth:  null   networking

test:  returns the logs logs for the given port .
truth: return disk usage for the results directory . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   disk

test:  set the given properties on an instance and update it .
truth: clear the host and node - set the scheduled_at field of an instance . 
test:  update   set
truth:  clear   null

test:  take a sequence of checksum .
truth: read bytes marked with most significant bit . 
test:  take   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  recursively collects a list of parameters .
truth: replace parameters with a single shared variable . 
test:  partitions   values
truth:  replace   parameters

test:  set the windows computer number from the specified system .
truth: set the windows computer description . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert a column of a and 1 to a column .
truth: convert an array of shape into an array of shape . 
test:  null   function
truth:  convert   convert

test:  converts a code structure into a flat slice .
truth: decode a slice object as sent to __getitem__ . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decode   a

test:  given a separate multipart formdata .
truth: encode a dictionary of fields using the multipart/form-data mime format . 
test:  call   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructtimestampassetid" .
truth: deconstructs an asset id that was previously constructed according to the rules of "constructassetid" . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  deconstructs   null

test:  setup moldindicator platform .
truth: setup the wink binary sensor platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  list all upageviews revisions given by a list of revisions revisions .
truth: given a sequence of revision objects . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: set the group module if the kernel is windows . 
test:  works   works
truth:  set   set

test:  construct a version header with letters .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test that legacy format . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  save playlists .
truth: save history . 
test:  saves   input
truth:  save   history

test:  retrieves the user from the current request if it exists .
truth: helper to get the authenticated user from the current http request . 
test:  return   current
truth:  to   helper

test:  context manager to create a debug debug level .
truth: temporarily change the value of httplib2 . 
test:  disallow   null
truth:  change   change

test:  restart the named service .
truth: this is a compatibility function which simply calls nspawn . 
test:  null   restart
truth:  is   null

test:  restrict input type to positive values .
truth: restrict input type to the positive integers . 
test:  attribute   input
truth:  input   input

test:  send a prompt to the page .
truth: make sure prompt is displayed . 
test:  send   null
truth:  make   null

test:  a providers .
truth: wrap warnings . 
test:  defines   rule
truth:  warnings   warnings

test:  registers the custom custom plugin with the provided alias .
truth: register a custom function to determine if extension is supported . 
test:  register   a
truth:  register   a

test:  add domain to domain names and returns a list of domain names .
truth: registers new domains to be used during the current client run . 
test:  add   a
truth:  registers   new

test:  save a setting to the appropriate setting for a setting .
truth: adds all settings that are part of mod to the global settings object . 
test:  adds   new
truth:  adds   null

test:  return an integer containing the number of messages stored .
truth: returns an integer containing the number of messages stored . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the connected sensor platform .
truth: setup the influxdb component . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  it should extract the proposed proposed step correctly into an array of steps specified in steps .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a browser window .
truth: browse the argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  browse   null

test:  setup the binary sensor platform .
truth: setup the imap platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  clear the parse cache .
truth: clear the parse cache and the quoters cache . 
test:  clear   image
truth:  clear   null

test:  determine if a fixed storage .
truth: check if the forward operator is fixed orientation . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   check

test:  efficiently multiply spherical bessel bessel function .
truth: coefficients for the spherical bessel functions . 
test:  generates   test
truth:  coefficients   coefficients

test:  retrieve the http auth url .
truth: try and get the url from the config . 
test:  get   controller
truth:  try   try

test:  read the bytes of bytes from a file-like object and return the bytes as a byte string .
truth: read from file-like object until size bytes are read . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  apply function to arguments .
truth: if categorical . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  if   categorical

test:  reads the json file and returns the antlr object .
truth: return last stored session . 
test:  get   try
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a str to a str .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str or if x is an iterable which contains a str . 
test:  time   a
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  return a series of images that will be used to store the next hadoop image .
truth: load an image from the demo-data repository if possible . 
test:  return   read
truth:  load   load

test:  return the current line number .
truth: returns the 0-based current line and 0-based current column . 
test:  normalize   filter
truth:  returns   returns

test:  change all the password cli example: .
truth: change a username cli example: . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   a

test:  create a metadef association .
truth: create an association . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  step fails with specified text .
truth: step that always fails . 
test:  step   a
truth:  step   step

test:  creates a new network cli example: .
truth: create private networks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  test notes: when we have trainable permissions .
truth: the fast reader for tab-separated values should not strip whitespace . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value or a clip at a given attribute .
truth: if the clip is a mask . 
test:  function   qtreewidgetitem
truth:  if   null

test:  test that passing just appears to .
truth: test random permutation function . 
test:  shift   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the strings of standard files .
truth: returns a sorted list of untracked files . 
test:  return   glob
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove a interface from a zone .
truth: remove an interface bound to a zone . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  flatten the given input and flatten it into the set of those tuples .
truth: wrap response . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  wrap   response

test:  this will verify that closed items of the context .
truth: a multi-output helper function . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return a testsuite testsuite test suite .
truth: this is called by test . 
test:  null   tests
truth:  is   null

test:  returns true if the object is non .
truth: returns true if obj is non-string iterable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list of all available locales .
truth: the locale switcher page . 
test:  error   a
truth:  null   locale

test:  disconnect signals from discussion to signals .
truth: disconnect all the signals on comment model provided by zinnia . 
test:  disconnect   link
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  return a set containing all the set of words in words .
truth: dir2 -> list of strings extended version of the python builtin dir() . 
test:  converts   encode
truth:  null   null

test:  get a zipfile from a zipfile to the new-style filename .
truth: read a file from a zipfile and write it to a new zipfile . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  list orphaned vdis .
truth: list orphaned vdis . 
test:  print   list
truth:  orphaned   list

test:  returns a default stim instance .
truth: default stim channels for sqd files . 
test:  null   open
truth:  default   stim

test:  remove all the cache with the specified pillar .
truth: clear the cached data/files for the targeted minions . 
test:  obtain   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  add a text to a file .
truth: add a trailing slash to c{request}s uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  make sure ast compile a single object with a given mode .
truth: compile ast . 
test:  mask   compile
truth:  compile   ast

test:  sleep for the mac address .
truth: put the mac to sleep . 
test:  suspend   sleep
truth:  put   put

test:  raises a collection if it is not a collection .
truth: check if collection is sorted . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   check

test:  make extension .
truth: make markdown extension . 
test:  make   extension
truth:  markdown   markdown

test:  return a new black-box for alpha .
truth: creates a qcolor from a single index . 
test:  approximate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  update the password in the travis deploy .
truth: update the deploy section of the . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  check if the vcenter connection with the 1: connection .
truth: test if the connection can be made to the vcenter server using the specified credentials inside /etc/salt/cloud . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   test

test:  we get the last line of the file from the end of the given file .
truth: from url . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  url   url

test:  subscribe a user to a creator .
truth: subscribes a user to a creator . 
test:  subscribes   a
truth:  subscribes   a

test:  copy source file into .
truth: copy resource file into . 
test:  source   source
truth:  copy   resource

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed grid from plotly . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  this is needed for the array .
truth: insertion sort implementation . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  sort   sort

test:  registers a service .
truth: register the ryu application specified by service as a provider of events defined in the calling module . 
test:  register   profile
truth:  register   register

test:  filelink: warning should not take place place .
truth: filelinks: calling _repr_html_ on non-existant files returns a warning . 
test:  test   test
truth:  calling   calling

test:  compute the eigenvector centrality for nodes .
truth: compute the eigenvector centrality for the graph g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  renders a timezone .
truth: get time zone for a location on the earth . 
test:  see   datetime
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the logistic link with x and targets .
truth: images - numchannels - number of filter/color channels subsx - width of pooling area startx - pixel where pooling starts stridex - stride outputsx - number of pooling sites . 
test:  takes   apply
truth:  -   -

test:  remove all hook from senderkey .
truth: remove senderkey from connections . 
test:  is   remove
truth:  remove   senderkey

test:  delete a neigh entry .
truth: delete a neighbour entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  delete a key .
truth: list the keys available cli example: . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return the given package id for the given package name .
truth: return the given package_id_or_name if such a package exists . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if the executable is available .
truth: return true if a path is absolute . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test user to delete user .
truth: test default behaviour of user . 
test:  kill   test
truth:  default   default

test:  group the specified path and return the user .
truth: same as os . 
test:  check   process
truth:  null   null

test:  uninstalls one or more packages if not already deactivated .
truth: deactivate a package if its active . 
test:  performs   one
truth:  deactivate   a

test:  send email after purchase after purchase .
truth: send email with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  retrieve the pid of the process with the given pid .
truth: ancestors -> int list arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   namespace
truth:  null   ancestors

test:  load the backend backend for the named backend .
truth: installs the given backend package into the build configuration . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  installs   null

test:  ensure we can tokenize without the use we dont crash .
truth: ensure we can escape things . 
test:  ensure   pyopengl
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure that its possible to easily read the multipart multipart files .
truth: ensure multipart form data works as intended . 
test:  if   a
truth:  ensure   multipart

test:  create an autoscaler instance .
truth: create a new autoscaler for a mig . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns true if user can download to given group .
truth: tests if the user can download the payments report . 
test:  null   convenience
truth:  if   tests

test:  run point through pycuda .
truth: gpuelemwise -> pycudaelemwisesourcemoduleop . 
test:  decide   null
truth:  null   null

test:  converts a process list to a string .
truth: process a string containing email addresses . 
test:  translates   convert
truth:  process   a

test:  made the environment variables by the typo class as a dictionary .
truth: returns a callable that looks up the given attribute from a passed object with the rules of the environment . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  map the given mapper to the list of inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  execute a dict of image verbose : boolean toggle toggle verbose verbose output cli example: .
truth: return a list of available images search : string search keyword verbose : boolean toggle verbose output cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  current context manager for kadmin or permission .
truth: current privileges cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   privileges

test:  get the dot product of the given pair of a complex polygon .
truth: get a complex with each component the maximum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  run the given command .
truth: create control and data networks . 
test:  search   remote
truth:  control   control

test:  return a string suitable for use with a collection of followed by a fully art art .
truth: format a string for screen printing . 
test:  joins   null
truth:  format   a

test:  tries to convert a cluster to a mlab dictionary .
truth: converts a linkage matrix generated by matlab to a new linkage matrix compatible with this module . 
test:  to   polynomials
truth:  converts   a

test:  return the versions .
truth: returns the version as a human-format string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  skip a call if docker is true .
truth: decorator to run a function that requires the use of a docker . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  apply the profile .
truth: return apply profiling informaton . 
test:  adds   decorator
truth:  apply   apply

test:  check whether a and b are identical .
truth: check if a and b are equal with some tolerance . 
test:  is   information
truth:  if   check

test:  return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_vhosts .
truth: return whether the user exists based on rabbitmqctl list_users . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if path is a symlink .
truth: return true if directory <svc_path> is really a service: file <svc_path>/run exists and is executable svc_path the directory to check for compatibility . 
test:  if   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get the maximum number of a packet .
truth: get the request type of a modbus request . 
test:  create   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attempt to init bookmark completions .
truth: initialize bookmark completion models . 
test:  initializes   null
truth:  initialize   bookmark

test:  add group type to group .
truth: add access to group type for project_id . 
test:  adds   group
truth:  access   access

test:  return the global data home directory if it doesnt exists .
truth: return the path of the seaborn data directory . 
test:  download   try
truth:  return   return

test:  try to load a tls cacert from the same configuration .
truth: get addiotinal ca cert for a specific url . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: returns the variance along an axis . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse text directive .
truth: parses text in rest format and returns a node with the content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  text   text

test:  make sure ast can compile valid code .
truth: ensure tuples work . 
test:  make   null
truth:  ensure   tuples

test:  return the activation function that initialize the activation variable .
truth: compute the activation of the even layers given a list of previous states . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  get a little class by name .
truth: return the handler for the command with the given name . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  remove special characters that may contain a path .
truth: remove backslashes in *path* for windows platforms only . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   backslashes

test:  report group of a report for a report .
truth: view to group by a given field in a report . 
test:  to   account
truth:  to   view

test:  set a set of events to match a match .
truth: add a value to the named set usage: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  add   a

test:  delete a cache security group .
truth: delete a cache security group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  edit a thread .
truth: edit a thread . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  edit   a

test:  exclude event components on params .
truth: exclude the selected components on close . 
test:  is   exclude
truth:  exclude   exclude

test:  create a pool .
truth: create a pool for specified protocol . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given two "byte_str" .
truth: returns product of x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   product

test:  print network device inventory from network device .
truth: print out the network device inventory information . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  get a new coolmagicapplication instance .
truth: validate and load cloud providers yml config file . 
test:  get   build
truth:  validate   validate

test:  utility method to determine if the instance is a generic instance of the module_info class or not .
truth: indicates whether a java object is an instance of the provided java_class . 
test:  null   null
truth:  indicates   null

test:  turn a optional mess or a optional optional character set to a optional binary .
truth: transform surface to the desired coordinate system . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  transform   surface

test:  this will translate the current translation into the template context .
truth: this will mark a string for translation and will translate the string for the current language . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of notifications for which documents are open .
truth: notifications for doctypes . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  null   notifications

test:  make sure no default is set .
truth: verify zeros dont show up as being only a single character . 
test:  overlap   null
truth:  verify   zeros

test:  dummy view that raises an error if the user is not available .
truth: verify signature from and create a refund contribution tied to the original transaction . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  verify   signature

test:  converts a scipy path to a dotted field .
truth: used as the upload_to arg for file fields - allows for custom handlers to be implemented on a per field basis defined by the upload_to_handlers setting . 
test:  given   a
truth:  used   null

test:  set up logging .
truth: ask the user for their password . 
test:  to   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  compute root nodes by one function in a matrix .
truth: expand hypergeometric functions . 
test:  is   replace
truth:  expand   expand

test:  get the status for a process .
truth: get the status of a supervisor process . 
test:  get   process
truth:  get   get

test:  read the nih image from a file .
truth: read nih_image_header tag from file and return as numpy . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  returns a list of groups within the given matrix .
truth: returns a list of distance groupings . 
test:  retrieves   characters
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove any files from suds .
truth: clean up all header and footer images files for themes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  clean   up

test:  given posting and posting posting on posting .
truth: set due date = posting date + credit days . 
test:  get   up
truth:  set   set

test:  calls the user id and run the dbms specific dbms .
truth: this function set some needed attributes into the configuration singleton . 
test:  set   function
truth:  function   function

test:  display about page .
truth: shows about page with version information . 
test:  null   context
truth:  shows   shows

test:  converts a datetime to a timestamp .
truth: return microseconds since epoch . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  return   microseconds

test:  return the same identity as the given region .
truth: value to use when no region is specified . 
test:  get   one
truth:  to   value

test:  raises a native thread .
truth: returns true if file is a tty . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling lookup .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is filled with the result of calling django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  returns a model class that will be deleted on the given instance .
truth: returns a query for all the descendants of a model instance . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  context manager that changes a path to a virtualenv at the given path .
truth: context manager to activate an existing python virtual environment_ . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   manager

test:  run local engine .
truth: a fixture to get access to the real mysql db . 
test:  null   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  recursively readmodule subclass .
truth: backwards compatible interface . 
test:  prepares   in
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the psd of a matrix .
truth: compute a decomposition of the pseudo-inverse and the logarithm of the pseudo-determinant of a symmetric positive semi-definite matrix . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   a

test:  return a list of all courses courses .
truth: returns dict of lists of courses available . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  returns   dict

test:  icon icon or downloads a file .
truth: return file directory . 
test:  given   file
truth:  file   file

test:  returns a function which fires with no versions of a set of all quotas quotas .
truth: a function which accepts a variable number of args and keywords . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  make a tree class .
truth: recursively display a node and each of its children . 
test:  password   null
truth:  display   display

test:  ensure the specified 'old' is present .
truth: ensure a user is present . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   a

test:  return a wrapped string made from a gd file .
truth: parse patch file and return patch() object . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorator to coerce a container id or name .
truth: assures that whether a container or a name of a container is passed . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  assures   null

test:  return a schema frame .
truth: get the sql db table schema for the given frame . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a list of lists as a dictionary .
truth: parses an integer representing a set of flags . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  dump info on log output .
truth: dump info message . 
test:  log   msg
truth:  dump   info

test:  make sure operators works .
truth: assert that the tpot operators match the output of their sklearn counterparts . 
test:  see   tests
truth:  assert   assert

test:  update sailthru marketing config for a volume .
truth: enable / disable sailthru integration . 
test:  update   list
truth:  enable   enable

test:  utility to install the path .
truth: implement the ovs-vsctl set commands . 
test:  null   one
truth:  implement   null

test:  configure the cloudpipe .
truth: update the vpn ip/port of a cloudpipe instance . 
test:  to   a
truth:  update   update

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the credit card data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  calculates the average size of the images if it was made .
truth: calculates an appropriate batch size for creating this database . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  calculates   null

test:  get a tool shed database record from the database via id .
truth: return a tool shed repository database record defined by the id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  image stays the promo pipeline .
truth: resize promo image . 
test:  stays   a
truth:  resize   promo

test:  jpeg data in a format .
truth: jpeg data in jfif format . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  split issues into list of issues and models .
truth: should still work even if theres a newline . 
test:  to   test
truth:  null   null

test:  setup the eq-3 ble binary sensor .
truth: setup wemo bridges and register connected lights . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   wemo

test:  extract the default value from a dictionary .
truth: get an item from a dictionary . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to write metadata to file .
truth: helper function to write pickled metadata for an object file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  function   function

test:  auth request object .
truth: retrieves the authenication information from google cloud endpoints . 
test:  fetch   attributes
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu .
truth: check if the tipc module is loaded the tipc module is not loaded automatically on ubuntu and probably other linux distros . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  decorator for compiling which may contain input individuals .
truth: chained a decorator chaining the results of func . 
test:  function   null
truth:  chained   a

test:  get a list of all files .
truth: deletes empty files and returns filenames minus the deleted ones . 
test:  like   a
truth:  empty   null

test:  update preprint playlist .
truth: populate preprintprovider to test database for testing . 
test:  set   hosts
truth:  populate   populate

test:  ensure consistency of the user is created when creating the profile .
truth: create a matching profile whenever a user object is created . 
test:  value   null
truth:  create   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  convert a native file or a native os-specific .
truth: escape all special characters . 
test:  replace   a
truth:  escape   escape

test:  select *k* points from a different *individuals* .
truth: select the *k* individuals among the input *individuals* . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  load a database file from the database .
truth: load observatory database from data/observatories . 
test:  get   json
truth:  load   observatory

test:  writes the message to the log file using the trace .
truth: writes the message to the log file using the trace level . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  skips a test if a database is true .
truth: skip an executing test with the given message . 
test:  skip   message
truth:  skip   null

test:  remove flowgrams or delete flowgrams .
truth: clean a sff file and returns name of clean file and number of clean flowgrams . 
test:  logs   utility
truth:  clean   a

test:  return a function which is attached to a class .
truth: create astroid for a living function object . 
test:  null   optional
truth:  create   astroid

test:  return the .
truth: rebuilds a request url . 
test:  -   null
truth:  rebuilds   a

test:  creates the sqlcmd configuration directory if necessary .
truth: creates the sqlcmd config directory if necessary . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  logs a friendly greeting .
truth: print a remote call debug message . 
test:  null   file
truth:  print   a

test:  deprecated needs to be a 2d numpy value .
truth: convolve x with y . 
test:  function   integer
truth:  convolve   x

test:  determine if the input data is multilabel .
truth: check if y is in a multilabel format . 
test:  project   null
truth:  if   check

test:  remove the files needed to remove a file by calling it .
truth: platform-independent recursive delete . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  recursive   null

test:  try to import and return all vispy .
truth: import the given module in subprocess and return loaded modules import a certain module in a clean subprocess and return the vispy modules that are subsequently loaded . 
test:  subscribe   list
truth:  import   import

test:  check if a part looks like an os-dependent .
truth: return true if line is likely part of a multiline string . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  test that when we have a wheel with a random wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  test   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: rolls back changes if the system is not in managed transaction mode . 
test:  rolls   back
truth:  rolls   back

test:  returns the function that is the complex of the gamma of the correlation coefficient .
truth: returns the complementary error function at x . 
test:  throw   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute __prepare__ gt onto one of its targets .
truth: given ground truth bounding boxes and proposed boxes . 
test:  compute   pull
truth:  given   ground

test:  kill a process and returns a text .
truth: routine for kill process p with appropriate logging to screen and logfile . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  null   routine

test:  superimposes two images using a transparency sampling operator .
truth: blend images using constant transparency weight . 
test:  wraps   cache
truth:  blend   images

test:  find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page .
truth: find rel="homepage" and rel="download" links in page . 
test:  find   search
truth:  find   find

test:  return the max .
truth: compute np . 
test:  calls   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  write the list of files to a file .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   a

test:  get the inset loops from vector3 loop .
truth: get the inset loops from vector3 loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  code common to mkstemp .
truth: code common to mkstemp . 
test:  code   in
truth:  code   code

test:  check that sparse oneclasssvm has the same result as different .
truth: check that sparse oneclasssvm gives the same result as dense oneclasssvm . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  display results of the first resources .
truth: returns the results of the queryhistory with the given id . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  validate all setup in nested projects .
truth: validates the setup supports using nested quotas . 
test:  null   import
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return a list of completions for the given type .
truth: return info about function parameters . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   info

test:  return user copy of a desktop copy .
truth: return user copy of the given module_name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   user

test:  setup the enocean light platform .
truth: setup the enocean switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  create a custom tags for the aws input data .
truth: take a dictionary of tags and convert them into the aws tags format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  take   a

test:  parse key=val list for html .
truth: used to support list values in html forms . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  to   null

test:  return a list of sets of strings .
truth: should not try to resolve to the if hio . 
test:  make   element
truth:  null   null

test:  get page context .
truth: return page_info from path . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the system encoding class corresponding to the current encoding .
truth: the encoding of the default system locale but falls back to the given fallback encoding if the encoding is unsupported by python or could not be determined . 
test:  get   return
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  returns a dictionary of docker instances that are aliased according to the pep api .
truth: returns a version if the package is installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete bookmark user info .
truth: delete a bookmark . 
test:  delete   usage
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the zoomed coding of a given adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  given   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  usage: attr_gt .
truth: a more permissive chr() like chr() . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  null   a

test:  return the current secret .
truth: get appscale shared security key for authentication . 
test:  get   crud
truth:  get   appscale

test:  between a data .
truth: gets a zero-terminated string from a given buffer . 
test:  read   null
truth:  gets   a

test:  os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a file system path to a relative url of the file scheme; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  normalize a chunk of data .
truth: a profile can specify one of two options for unicode normalization: - no normalization - unicode normalization with form kc . 
test:  processes   null
truth:  profile   profile

test:  create a track function that will run .
truth: make a tracking function that logs what happened . 
test:  creates   start
truth:  make   a

test:  convert a uid to a user name .
truth: convert a uid to a user name cli example: . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a new security app .
truth: returns the overholt api application instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights .
truth: computes the gauss-chebyshev quadrature [1]_ points and weights of the first kind . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  generate passed tokens for console .
truth: return a regular expression that matches phrases like "featuring" that separate a main artist or a song title from secondary artists . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  dedent the given indent .
truth: dedent next strings . 
test:  cleans   remove
truth:  dedent   null

test:  prints a user to the cli user .
truth: list all users . 
test:  call   user
truth:  list   list

test:  waits for a job to finish .
truth: raise an error if the redis job doesnt complete successfully before a timeout . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  raise   null

test:  compare surfaces and surfaces .
truth: helper to compare bem surfaces . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  to   helper

test:  write a human-readable tree to a stream .
truth: print a tree to a stream . 
test:  write   coil
truth:  print   a

test:  generate commands that belong to the given generator .
truth: yields sorted commands without duplicates . 
test:  docstring   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  return a white frequency results for the requested seq2seq .
truth: heteroscedasticity robust covariance matrix parameters results : result instance result of a regression . 
test:  null   figure
truth:  null   heteroscedasticity

test:  generates an md5 hash for a file .
truth: returns the ed2k hash of a given file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert text to a shell command .
truth: quote text for inserting into a shell . 
test:  text   quote
truth:  text   text

test:  get authentication token .
truth: retrieve keystonetoken object from the auth context and returns it . 
test:  returns   access
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys .
truth: return a list of command-line arguments reproducing the current settings in sys . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a nuttall window .
truth: return a minimum 4-term blackman-harris window according to nuttall . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the tp is intersecting or not .
truth: check that cell 0 has no incoming segments . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  decorator that acquires a message to the current session .
truth: this is a test function for using with the repeat inputfunc . 
test:  stream   null
truth:  is   null

test:  iterate over corpus .
truth: get an iterator object over the corpus file . 
test:  iterate   a
truth:  get   get

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d3 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  helper function to split the data into a list of groups for their translations .
truth: return candidate labels on which we can split the data . 
test:  implement   a
truth:  return   candidate

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator which will decorate a function into a normal caller .
truth: decorate decorates a function using a caller . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorates   decorate

test:  internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments .
truth: internal parser function for l{_parseserver} to convert the string arguments for a tcp stream endpoint into the structured arguments . 
test:  null   parser
truth:  null   parser

test:  determine a dictionary of default database options .
truth: database type dependent options . 
test:  default   function
truth:  null   type

test:  copy a file from source to destination .
truth: sign a packaged app . 
test:  copy   base
truth:  sign   a

test:  get a specific engine connection for a given database .
truth: load the configured engine and return an instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  load   load

test:  returns a httplib for the given object .
truth: return a new http object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  search for releases with a dict with an annotation-list key .
truth: search for recordings and return a dict with a recording-list key . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  plot a 2d function using matplotlib/tk .
truth: plot a 3d function using matplotlib/tk . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   a

test:  produce a tree of trees for the given trees .
truth: search adam consensus tree from multiple trees . 
test:  provides   models
truth:  search   search

test:  finds all packages that actually be found via root .
truth: better than excluding everything that is not needed . 
test:  boolean   find
truth:  null   null

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression lparen argument_expression_list rparen .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression plusplus . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  pop the current context from the current thread .
truth: removes the top level from the stack . 
test:  pop   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  write the output file .
truth: write measurement info in fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   measurement

test:  get the default textiowrapper chunk .
truth: get the default textiowrapper chunk size . 
test:  get   text
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the time zone for a file into a fid .
truth: factory function . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the name of given short name .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  null   api
truth:  null   api

test:  simply return the input array .
truth: the identity function . 
test:  return   implementation
truth:  null   identity

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: find and return vera locks . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get all tags or raise if namespace is not found .
truth: get a metadef tags list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  encodes text for raw use in html .
truth: encodes text for raw use in html . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  returns a simple helper which wraps a given exception with the given name .
truth: a simple helper to invoke l{assertwrapperexceptiontypes} with a c{maintype} of l{responsefailed} . 
test:  null   in
truth:  null   a

test:  return true if args has been replaced with the following key .
truth: if the given key is in args . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   null

test:  a csrf attribute that can be included in csrf authentication .
truth: context processor that provides a csrf token . 
test:  view   display
truth:  context   processor

test:  change the default group of the user .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  to   policy
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that the file output contains the specified log records .
truth: verifies that the command output contains the specified log records . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard .
truth: formats the time to ensure compatibility with netscapes cookie standard . 
test:  formats   formats
truth:  formats   formats

test:  read chunks until a single chunks of sock .
truth: read from the socket until the character is received . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns the core list for the installed apps .
truth: return a list of oscars apps amended with any passed overrides . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  enum_specifier : id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum id lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get subscription information about all subscriptions .
truth: get subscription information . 
test:  get   subscription
truth:  get   subscription

test:  returns a list of ipv6 addresses for the given ipv6 address .
truth: add rules to skip anything destined for a local address to avoid breaking connections to ourselves . 
test:  add   add
truth:  rules   rules

test:  helper method that returns a buffer value from a buffer .
truth: accepts a binary string and returns the detected filetype . 
test:  null   null
truth:  accepts   a

test:  add users to database .
truth: ensure there is autogroup for users group matching all . 
test:  add   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate an sha512 digest of a password .
truth: return for path using hashlib . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a new .
truth: create a sslcontext object with default settings . 
test:  to   create
truth:  create   a

test:  return a hash of the given step definition .
truth: convert strings from step hashes to appropriate types . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  convert   strings

test:  returns a new empty function .
truth: this function lives at the module level . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  a python constant node .
truth: evaluate a python string literal source . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  evaluate   a

test:  returns a list of attribute strings .
truth: returns a list of attribute strings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that no items is no items .
truth: test start with no matching text . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  convert bytes to bytes .
truth: escape a comment for inclusion in a document . 
test:  escape   data
truth:  escape   a

test:  helper for integer srange .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  converts   a

test:  all values in sequence are distinct .
truth: return *true* if one element of *seq* is *true* . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  test for symbolic link .
truth: risc os has no links or mounts . 
test:  test   check
truth:  null   os

test:  used for setting a session .
truth: echo test function . 
test:  text   one
truth:  test   test

test:  create a security group .
truth: ensure default security group exists for a project_id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  default   default

test:  checks if a user exists .
truth: checks if user with given alias exists . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  create a standard sort window .
truth: create a standard interactive window unconditionally . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   a

test:  reboot a search .
truth: reboot one or more vms search : string filter vms . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reboot   one

test:  return a mock for the specified function .
truth: return a mock patching the function with qualified name *q_function_name* . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a volume object in the status .
truth: create a volume object in the db . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the variable is a mapping .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  load a module instances from a module instances .
truth: load a list of initialized modules from a module setting . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  poweroff a running system with no package or warning if no timeout is specified .
truth: power off a running system . 
test:  sanger   a
truth:  null   power

test:  computes a series of correlation along each row of the consumed .
truth: compute the difference between cpu times from consecutive measurements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return the path component of a pathname .
truth: deprecated since python 3 . 
test:  replace   call
truth:  deprecated   null

test:  returns a list given with a given name .
truth: check to see if an sns topic exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  find the greedy policy for the specified scalar policy .
truth: find the greedy deterministic policy . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  yaml: dynamic a string parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> .
truth: yaml: dynamic-string dynamic parameter requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:jenkins dynamic parameter plug-in <dynamic+parameter+plug-in> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the output of all images that are on the image .
truth: return top-level images which do not have a tag assigned to them . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  return   return

test:  recursive generator for all indices of a thing .
truth: underlying machinery for q function recursion . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a version string as a tuple .
truth: normalize the version and build strings and return a single version string using the format major . 
test:  builds   display
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  stop accept section 9 .
truth: stop dtmf section 9 . 
test:  stop   sql
truth:  stop   dtmf

test:  formats the repr for a type .
truth: return the repr() of an object . 
test:  return   classes
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a current nftables table is in the specified table .
truth: check for the existence of a table cli example:: salt * nftables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a url based on the request passed to the request .
truth: parses and rewrites incoming url . 
test:  is   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  get the evaluated float .
truth: get the evaluated int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  returns a initialization which fires with items in any given .
truth: return a copy of iterable with all none entries removed . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a template object for the <div> indicator .
truth: hide the menu indicator icon on buttons . 
test:  null   null
truth:  hide   hide

test:  return a copy of an object .
truth: deepcopy lists/dicts/sets . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  null   deepcopy

test:  return a safe version of the string *s* .
truth: quotes an argument so that it will be interpreted literally by a posix shell . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  return a new tree object for a ecliptic tree .
truth: namespace handler for the tree config namespace . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   handler

test:  compute the bipartite clustering of nodes .
truth: compute a bipartite clustering coefficient for nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  unsolve a question .
truth: accept an answer as the solution to the question . 
test:  handle   execution
truth:  accept   accept

test:  run the geos tests with the given suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  run   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  list all available items .
truth: template for writing list functions return a list of available items cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  template   template

test:  format the method according to reduce .
truth: export method to a specific file format . 
test:  converts   method
truth:  export   method

test:  return a dict given a list of statements .
truth: process part . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  process   part

test:  converts first_name to its get_auth_provider seperated .
truth: convert camelcase to snake_case . 
test:  fill   returns
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  joins the given list of median by ownershipperiod test starts with the given list of median .
truth: partition the set of fitnesses in two according to the median of the objective index *obj* . 
test:  split   null
truth:  null   partition

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  update the resource list .
truth: update the resources versions for a consumer id . 
test:  callback   a
truth:  update   update

test:  ensure that the named database is present .
truth: ensure that given database is present . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  when a process fails .
truth: when a process succeeds . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   a

test:  given a name .
truth: import a class using its fully-qualified *name* . 
test:  import   validate
truth:  import   a

test:  test that the iterator transformer works .
truth: tests whether transformeriterator is iterable . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get xml string .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this object info . 
test:  parse   get
truth:  get   get

test:  allocate a document .
truth: allocate a nat-initialized datetime64 result slot . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocate   a

test:  return the unicode key from a path .
truth: return bucket and key names from an s3 path . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   bucket

test:  read rejection parameters from .
truth: read flat channel rejection parameters from . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  mark a test as flaky .
truth: wrap a runtest object so that flaky tests are retried . 
test:  function   run
truth:  wrap   a

test:  provides the user id for the given process .
truth: gets the jail id for a process . 
test:  null   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  table with col data .
truth: table with no delimiter with column start and end values specified . 
test:  null   table
truth:  null   table

test:  returns a storage object with all the request parameters .
truth: returns a storage object with the get and post arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a new random integer with the given number of seed .
truth: generate a new random seed the length of the returned string will be a multiple of two . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of unique elements of an iterable .
truth: flatten ls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  set a template with a template wasnt to the request .
truth: render a given template with any extra url parameters in the context as {{ params }} . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  render   a

test:  test that variable with pilight for fire variable .
truth: check if error message when variable missing . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   check

test:  remove all discussion tab in the course for the course .
truth: remove the discussion tab for the course . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert string to integer .
truth: extract slug and id from a string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  extract   slug

test:  creates page size from request .
truth: get page size arguments . 
test:  to   a
truth:  get   page

test:  prints the distrodef of the given header .
truth: prints out the results . 
test:  prints   print
truth:  prints   prints

test:  extracts websocket .
truth: try to find the websocket version used to talk to the server . 
test:  tuple   hook
truth:  to   try

test:  initialize release .
truth: clone the flocker repo and install a new virtual environment for a release . 
test:  initialize   djangos
truth:  clone   clone

test:  evaluate the network for pearsons images .
truth: return the jacobian of the equation system f computed by pressure_network with respect to *flow_rates* . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  function that processes vendor parameters from show version information about the model .
truth: obtain vendor and model from show version data . 
test:  function   null
truth:  obtain   vendor

test:  masks the user from the llvm so that they can be called .
truth: quit from the server . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  quit   null

test:  sends an api request .
truth: sends an api put request and acts as a generic formatter for the json response . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the ico map .
truth: helper to get a mapping between ico surfaces . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  to   helper

test:  view that handles a password .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  provides a configuration file with the specified name .
truth: builds syslog-ng configuration . 
test:  config   config
truth:  builds   null

test:  download and build sumaclust then build it .
truth: download and build swarm then copy it to the scripts directory . 
test:  builds   download
truth:  download   download

test:  returns the lpol for a set of correlation matrix parameters n : float returns y: normalized : float returns lpol : float float or array_like sequence of the loglikelihood :
truth: ma representation of fractional integration . 
test:  coefficients   lists
truth:  null   representation

test:  module function to recreate a password against the given password .
truth: module function to hash a password according to the pbkdf2 specification . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  press the user .
truth: shows a simple menu . 
test:  prints   script
truth:  shows   a

test:  compute the number of string2 needed to encode a goal integer settings .
truth: getdefaulttimeout() -> timeout returns the default timeout in floating seconds for new socket objects . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the pool pool for the current thread .
truth: initializes eventlet thread pool . 
test:  get   null
truth:  eventlet   eventlet

test:  return the trivial trivial graph .
truth: return the trivial graph with one node and no edges . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is terminal .
truth: return true if the item is a terminal . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  relational_expression : relational_expression ge shift_expression .
truth: relational_expression : relational_expression lt shift_expression . 
test:  null   relational_expression
truth:  null   relational_expression

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  wraps a .
truth: wraps a . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  checks that vlog() is only used for defining a logging level .
truth: checks for invalid increment *count++ . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  test copy of data to a file .
truth: test raw copying and appending combinations . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   test

test:  search for a given filename .
truth: grep given file . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   grep

test:  returns true if any of the config options are present in the prefix .
truth: get config from zmq prefix . 
test:  parses   returns
truth:  config   config

test:  return a regex starting from a string .
truth: converts an ec2-style regex to a python regex . 
test:  xml   like
truth:  converts   converts

test:  search for search .
truth: search the media gallery . 
test:  search   null
truth:  search   search

test:  checks that the user is in the correct environment .
truth: drops the user back into their shell environment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  drops   drops

test:  fixture providing a sessionmanager object for a cloud cloud storage .
truth: patches all googleapiclient requests to replace your_project_id with the project id from cloud_config . 
test:  mask   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  unmount a running system cli example: .
truth: attempt to unmount a dmg file from a temporary location args: mountpoint : the location of the mount point returns: str: the results of the hdutil detach command cli example: . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  execute a remote system with the given path to the mercurial repository path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: reset the selinux context on a given path cli example: . 
test:  server   null
truth:  reset   reset

test:  delete a zone .
truth: delete a zone . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a boolean stating whether a given word is a valid word .
truth: check if the python version in use match the requires_python specifier . 
test:  queries   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  set global logging level .
truth: sets the log level deferred will log to in normal circumstances . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a mode with the given name .
truth: add a mode to the course corresponding to the given course id . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   a

test:  helper for truncating with a case that doesnt exist .
truth: model a simple failure in the non-concurrent case . 
test:  settings   null
truth:  model   a

test:  return true if the suitable for the buggy is a buggy agent .
truth: discrimiate css served to clients based on user agent due to qtbug-3467 . 
test:  collect   attempt
truth:  null   css

test:  check that the query fields is editable if the installed 128 or not .
truth: raise validationerror if the given update data contains a field that is not editable by the requesting user . 
test:  is   check
truth:  raise   null

test:  switch frappe .
truth: switch frappe and erpnext to v4 branch . 
test:  purge   rgb
truth:  switch   frappe

test:  returns value in the supplied hexadecimal representation .
truth: decodes inferenced integer value to an unicode character . 
test:  decodes   null
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  returns the differential equation for each simple fourier series .
truth: special polynomial differential equation algorithm: parametric version . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  associate a user with the proper user .
truth: return user entry with same email address as one returned on details . 
test:  associate   null
truth:  return   user

test:  converts a python string to a python object .
truth: if python 2 . 
test:  encode   decorator
truth:  if   python

test:  returns the version of ssh .
truth: returns the version of the installed ssh command . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract the snmp part of the snmp as a string .
truth: unwrap the snmp response data and return in a readable format assumes only a single list element is returned . 
test:  load   a
truth:  null   null

test:  disable the paging of output .
truth: disable router paging i . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   router

test:  retrieve the current api_version for the specified api .
truth: show current usages statistics . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  show   current

test:  returns true if the given file have been have been reached .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  marks an object as wanting to keep the current context object as current value .
truth: similar to :func:pass_context . 
test:  marks   null
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a ctypes .
truth: retrieves the given piece of content by its location if cached . 
test:  returns   precision
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return true if the given data argument looks like a encoded string .
truth: return true if the argument looks like a encoded cookie . 
test:  returns   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of numbers that are nested by the given number .
truth: counts by word numbers . 
test:  returns   array
truth:  counts   counts

test:  direct_abstract_declarator : lbracket lbracket constant_expression_opt rbracket .
truth: direct_abstract_declarator : lparen parameter_type_list_opt rparen . 
test:  null   direct_abstract_declarator
truth:  null   direct_abstract_declarator

test:  normalize an array or column .
truth: normalize an array from the range [cmin . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  compute the circular estimate for samples assumed to be in the range parameters samples : array_like input array .
truth: compute the circular mean for samples in a range . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the fixed ip .
truth: allocate free floating ip from specified pool and return the address . 
test:  allocate   check
truth:  allocate   null

test:  returns a tuple of given vector .
truth: returns the shape of a keras tensor or a keras variable as a tuple of integers or none entries . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that evensequencessubsetiterator deterministically visits entries of sequence data .
truth: check that evensequencessubsetiterator visits all entries in a dataset of sequence data . 
test:  test   null
truth:  check   check

test:  update a descriptor for all enum .
truth: sets class-level attributes for all enum fields defined in this message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  checks that the type is a type .
truth: checks the given initializers . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  marks a view function as being a view .
truth: decorator for views . 
test:  view   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  enable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: enable the named service to start at boot args: name : the name of the service to enable . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  given a list of template names .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  test that unknown completion completion works with unknown .
truth: test getting completion for an unknown shell . 
test:  if   test
truth:  getting   test

test:  decorator to ensure the specified aggregate is not in the specified aggregate .
truth: decorator to require the specified aggregate to exist . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  create a dersequence object .
truth: create a dersequence object . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  converts a unicode string to a ascii string .
truth: flattens possibly unicode txt to ascii . 
test:  obj   string
truth:  flattens   null

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: return a relative version of a path . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function returns a list of datasets for the files that can be always as a list of files .
truth: same as dirwavfeatureextraction . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an expectation like representation of the given expression .
truth: returns an <x|a|x> type representation for the given operator . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wraps text to a single paragraph .
truth: wrap a single paragraph of text . 
test:  paragraphs   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  install a certificate to a keychain keychain the password to install the keychain to .
truth: install a certificate cert the certificate to install password the password for the certificate being installed formatted in the way described for openssl command in the pass phrase arguments section . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  restart the kapacitor process .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  items items block block to allow the type of the given command to remove specific items .
truth: print command functions docstring . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  command   command

test:  decrypts a hash .
truth: based on code from url . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  based   null

test:  validate a fake registration registration zone .
truth: register the device . 
test:  fake   lists
truth:  register   register

test:  return a single file from the data .
truth: hash a portion of a file into a new sha . 
test:  return   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  returns true/false boolean if the user can access to the given course .
truth: returns whether the requesting_user can access own blocks . 
test:  checks   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the path length from source to target in a weighted graph g .
truth: returns the shortest weighted path length in g from source to target . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to the sympy directory .
truth: returns the root sympy directory and set the global value indicating whether the system is case sensitive or not . 
test:  return   sys
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a fake payment .
truth: create fake payment . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  fake   fake

test:  a factory to start and run a udp modbus server .
truth: a factory to start and run a serial modbus server . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  delete containers .
truth: remove containers and all objects in them . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  remove   containers

test:  get modified time for a given working module .
truth: return the modules source filename and modified time as a tuple . 
test:  package   package
truth:  return   return

test:  like decorator_from_middleware .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  given   a

test:  recursively merge two dictionaries first dictionary keys in-place .
truth: recursively merge two dictionaries . 
test:  makes   compute
truth:  merge   merge

test:  opens the text from the first web text .
truth: returns the text from a query node . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  merge one or more dictionaries into another .
truth: merge and sort a collection of sorted collections this works lazily and only keeps one value from each iterable in memory . 
test:  find   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  delete a metadef object .
truth: delete a metadef object . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns the xblocks id for the specified xblock id .
truth: returns a tuple of suitable for inclusion in the results of get_discussion_id_map() . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  allows an auth function which will attempt to verify the given action is exempt from the given action .
truth: dirty hack to stop auth audit being done . 
test:  null   flag
truth:  hack   hack

test:  grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: .
truth: grant one or many roles to a mongodb user cli examples: . 
test:  called   one
truth:  grant   one

test:  import and return a module to it .
truth: attempt to import a required dependency . 
test:  to   function
truth:  to   attempt

test:  display the resource limits .
truth: gets the resource limits . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  some test code .
truth: test various uptime strings . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: multiply a distributed module element f by a term term . 
test:  multiply   character
truth:  multiply   a

test:  it should extract a single step whose it has followed by tabular step .
truth: it should correctly extract two steps into an array . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  provides the version of the string with the form in the form .
truth: ask for a string and expand all instances of #n with the char preceeding it repeated n times . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  get the arp address for a given source .
truth: a convenient wrapper for ipv4 arp for ethernet . 
test:  is   bytes
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve file from local database .
truth: return the filesystem name of the specified device . 
test:  to   fs
truth:  return   return

test:  enable quota to glusterfs volume .
truth: enable quota on a glusterfs volume . 
test:  enable   quota
truth:  enable   quota

test:  get whether remote events is on or off :return: true if remote events is on .
truth: displays whether remote apple events are on or off . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  displays   null

test:  compute the error function that returns the inputs of the given long .
truth: computes the coefficient of determination for given residuals . 
test:  determine   radiants
truth:  computes   null

test:  progress response section 9 .
truth: progress section 9 . 
test:  hold   section
truth:  progress   section

test:  namespaces resource factory method .
truth: namespaceproperties resource factory method . 
test:  null   resource
truth:  null   resource

test:  destroy the quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy all quotas associated with a given project . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  attempt to strip a permutation using a bsgs structure .
truth: optimized _strip . 
test:  to   strip
truth:  optimized   null

test:  parse the output of a function to a primitive request .
truth: get number of expected output args . 
test:  function   null
truth:  get   number

test:  system information type b section 9 .
truth: system information type 8 section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  return the latest configuration of the selected database in the database .
truth: rest-json api server . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   api

test:  sends an sms number on the given number .
truth: sends an sms message to phone_number with a message containing msg . 
test:  null   display
truth:  sends   null

test:  create a random exponential function .
truth: create an exponential delay function based on the attempts . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   create

test:  returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns a bool telling if the passed ip is a valid ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  iterate over notes .
truth: iterates the list of notes in the segment . 
test:  stream   function
truth:  iterates   null

test:  test ica twice .
truth: test running ica twice . 
test:  apply   argument
truth:  running   running

test:  unittest decorator to skip a test if a module is false .
truth: unittest decorator to skip a test for python 3 . 
test:  skip   compute
truth:  null   decorator

test:  attach a user story to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach userstory extra info as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  update the version and revision and revision for the glyphs servers .
truth: update version and revision numbers . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   version

test:  log out a users analytics tracking .
truth: sends login info to segment . 
test:  track   null
truth:  sends   login

test:  ciphering complete section 9 .
truth: ciphering mode complete section 9 . 
test:  complete   get
truth:  ciphering   mode

test:  returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ global address space .
truth: returns true if provided address in printable format belongs to _allocated_ link-local unicast address space . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of nzb which are scheduled by the given year .
truth: calculate score for words in the nzb name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  score   score

test:  return a configured oslo_messaging rpcclient .
truth: determines the right messaging urls to supply . 
test:  return   fetch
truth:  determines   null

test:  add square with the pixel dictionary to pixel dictionary .
truth: add square with two pixels around the center to pixel dictionary . 
test:  square   square
truth:  square   square

test:  returns true if command is available on the system .
truth: should this command id be investigated for relocation? . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   null

test:  renders an element and renders it with an element .
truth: click an element and then wait for the page to load . 
test:  load   waits
truth:  click   click

test:  return a snapshot of a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot name to a snapshot id . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  this function is called to echo .
truth: echo - for doing a basic test to see if rpc calls can successfully be made . 
test:  return   json
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a queryset of all ids and lengths of a given order .
truth: yield the messages in the queue in the order they should be sent . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  recursively iterate over type fields .
truth: iterate over fields . 
test:  applies   a
truth:  iterate   null

test:  returns a list of all studio courses actions that are not accessible in the given course .
truth: list all courses available to the logged in user by iterating through all the courses . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  list   list

test:  make a theano function that returns a theano mode .
truth: simplify a theano computation . 
test:  make   plugin
truth:  simplify   a

test:  wrapper for djangos hash parameter .
truth: hash a user dicts password without modifying the passed-in dict . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  hash   a

test:  decodes a entity_pb .
truth: prepares an entity for storing . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  prepares   null

test:  a simple way to determine if two dicts are equal .
truth: returns true if the two keys are equal by the laws of http headers . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test basic exponential format .
truth: test using textures and fbo . 
test:  test   statement
truth:  using   test

test:  convert the value into a boolean .
truth: parse the string "true" or "false" as a boolean . 
test:  escapes   value
truth:  parse   parse

test:  write the packet to the socket .
truth: write *data* to socket *sock* . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  save the example file to disk .
truth: takes a whole file ie . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  predefined a cinder body with the given arguments .
truth: return predefined results or raise an exception . 
test:  run   routine
truth:  predefined   return

test:  ensure that the named job is absent .
truth: ensure the job is present in the jenkins configured jobs name the name of the jenkins job to remove . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  load a function by name .
truth: load a function by name . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  decorate a function as a listener for the given target identifier .
truth: decorate a function as a listener for the given target + identifier . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns a generator of a list of task objects .
truth: read a feed and yield pelican fields . 
test:  converts   messages
truth:  read   a

test:  delete the pool .
truth: delete pool . 
test:  delete   read
truth:  delete   pool

test:  verify that the given package is installed with installed .
truth: verify that given package is not installed . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  indicate that a placeholder is given .
truth: create a conda environment of a given name containing a given string of pkgs . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  create   a

test:  de-allocate a floating ip .
truth: disassociate a floating ip from a server . 
test:  ignores   a
truth:  disassociate   a

test:  join a graph .
truth: returns true if and only if the nodes whose attributes are du and dv should be joined . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  no config file should gracefully extract values .
truth: sentry_options is only declared . 
test:  control   test
truth:  is   null

test:  compute the total entropy for the target .
truth: this criterion combines log_softmax and nll_loss in one single class . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  null   criterion

test:  get the plugins directory path .
truth: get the plugins directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a class from a string including module and class .
truth: returns a class from a string including module and class . 
test:  import   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the logistic loss for the logistic loss .
truth: computes the logistic loss . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  all values in an iterator .
truth: return only unique elements of a sequence . 
test:  yield   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  get a list of policy to a user .
truth: get all user policies . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  use this decorator to avoid actions that enables building a few attribute to signals .
truth: decorator to mark a todo test . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  helper function to bind a socket according to its family .
truth: helper function to bind a socket according to its family . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  find the type for a given type .
truth: find matching values . 
test:  find   find
truth:  matching   matching

test:  test classes as various classes .
truth: test classes option . 
test:  test   attributes
truth:  test   classes

test:  returns the region code for a specific number .
truth: find the region in a list that matches a number . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  find   find

test:  set the audio output level .
truth: set the audio output level . 
test:  null   set
truth:  set   set

test:  plot a list of vectors for a given image .
truth: generate a figure that shows each output over time . 
test:  provided   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  converts a utc space between two integers .
truth: helper function: given a regexp match . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a key/value key/value key/value to a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  print a string to a string .
truth: pretty print a string . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   print

test:  make sure the encoder type is valid .
truth: takes the value sent from the user encoding menu and returns the actual value to be used . 
test:  null   text
truth:  takes   null

test:  returns the size of the http device size .
truth: helper function to fetch the size of given block device . 
test:  make   a
truth:  function   function

test:  checks for .
truth: a decorator that checks whether login is required on this installation and . 
test:  if   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  create a list with all ngram attribute with the given value .
truth: extract a set of n-grams from a list of integers . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  bind a single values to an internal helper for the given clause .
truth: return an ordered list of "bound" values in the given clause . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   return

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a np .
truth: returns a numpy randomstate . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a float values to the canonical .
truth: generate the main lobe of a sinc function x: array of indexes to compute; n: size of fft to simulate returns y: samples of the main lobe of a sinc function . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  generate   generate

test:  wrapper for request_response .
truth: parse a filename . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  parse   a

test:  fixture that returns a dict with no or changes .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  returns   centers
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a file of the default info .
truth: given a siemens dicom file return metadata returns repetitiontime slice acquisition times spacing between slices . 
test:  function   read
truth:  given   a

test:  find the underlying host from the xenapi host reference .
truth: return the host from the xenapi host reference . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  return   return

test:  avoid warning alias .
truth: generate a table alias . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances .
truth: parse http response and return a list of htmlform instances . 
test:  parse   http
truth:  parse   http

test:  parse a json json result response .
truth: given treq response object . 
test:  null   data
truth:  given   null

test:  write graph g in multiline format to path .
truth: write the graph g in multiline adjacency list format to path parameters g : networkx graph comments : string . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   null

test:  for a given expiry .
truth: show expired dates in red . 
test:  release   a
truth:  expired   show

test:  fixture which provides a fake config stub object .
truth: fixture which provides a fake config object . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the notifications for android tv notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where should be converted to the appropriate appropriate local path starting at where directory names .
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed .
truth: returns true if the connection is dropped and should be closed . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates the alternating group on order as a permutation group .
truth: generates the symmetric group on n elements as a permutation group . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  clears globally installed logs .
truth: clear the logs buffer and reset the autoflush state . 
test:  unset   datetime
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a string with all the keys of a given .
truth: generate a useful error message from an environmenterror exception object . 
test:  null   in
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the text for a given file line .
truth: compute md5 hash of the specified file . 
test:  get   update
truth:  compute   md5

test:  displays text with line numbers .
truth: displays text with line numbers . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  get the keys from an object as a unicode string .
truth: get first element of list or return default . 
test:  is   null
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator for reduction methods .
truth: decorator for reduction methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  detects faces in the file located in the file .
truth: detects faces in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   migrate
truth:  detects   faces

test:  returns a list of table names from the current catalog service .
truth: returns a list of table names in the current database . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a datetime object for the log of the first line of the date .
truth: returns a date object representing the log lines timestamp . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  alternate shell file or text .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file or text . 
test:  null   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  return the minimal root for the given thread .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed thread fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  create   a

test:  set the given properties on a group and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a group snapshot and update it . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  read jn(x) data from a raw response .
truth: replace 1*-1*x with -x . 
test:  work   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  bans a twitter account from using the aoa tool .
truth: ignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool . 
test:  picks   a
truth:  ignores   a

test:  return a random job based on the leading job .
truth: return a string to use as job prefix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks that a string is a percent of percent .
truth: check for empty percent identity fields in a dict . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   check

test:  prevents prevents units between units and append it to the breaks .
truth: regularly spaced dates parameters width: an interval specification . 
test:  get   network
truth:  null   null

test:  write the string data to a file .
truth: writes the given data to the file specified by filename . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  return a boolean if a zipfile is a zipfile .
truth: quickly see if a file is a zip file by checking the magic number . 
test:  return   null
truth:  see   null

test:  fetches all debugging of the startup .
truth: initialize the server logging configuration . 
test:  process   checks
truth:  initialize   null

test:  return the cumulative image .
truth: find mean of row mins in hollow . 
test:  existing   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  return indent hint list for use in backticks .
truth: return a line with |s for each of the positions in the given lists . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  testing that the colorless snippets show groups with double quotes .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough to identify groups within double quotes . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  revoke a task .
truth: revoke task by task id . 
test:  revoke   metadata
truth:  revoke   task

test:  return a set of unique difference of strings .
truth: returns the number of instance attributes presence only in one object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run a python command .
truth: start a python shell and return a :class:replwrapper object . 
test:  command   a
truth:  start   a

test:  allow social authentication to be social .
truth: load current redirect to context . 
test:  load   handler
truth:  load   current

test:  checks that the test needs to be logged .
truth: raises an apiproxy_errors . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  raises   null

test:  table with unbounded right values for the unbounded table .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  if   input
truth:  null   null

test:  mock _upstart_disable method .
truth: mock _upstart_enable method . 
test:  check   mock
truth:  mock   mock

test:  parse a string of a file into a list of all words .
truth: parses the wordnet wn_s . 
test:  files   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  disables a pair of name and its space to space .
truth: populate the name_space field in a messagecol buffer . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  populate   populate

test:  returns an encoded string of the c{new} hash of a given file .
truth: returns base64 / hex encoded sha1 digest of str . 
test:  return   get
truth:  base64   base64

test:  cast an argument to an integer .
truth: attempts to call t on val . 
test:  casts   a
truth:  to   attempts

test:  formats a time string for display .
truth: utility to format a timestamp in utc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   utility

test:  renders a template that renders a template .
truth: show django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  show   django

test:  returns whether the given path is within the correct dependency .
truth: detect whether the given path is within the tool_dependency_dir folder on the disk . 
test:  return   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  run the given function with arguments .
truth: given a list of possible method names . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  language: pt-br -> language class supports french "pt-br" .
truth: language: fr -> language class supports french through code "fr" . 
test:  null   class
truth:  null   fr

test:  set warnings .
truth: set global warning behavior for the test suite . 
test:  creates   logging
truth:  set   set

test:  compute motion regressors upto given order and files .
truth: compute motion regressors upto given order and derivative motion + d/dt + d2/dt2 . 
test:  compute   motion
truth:  compute   motion

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize theano shared variables according to the initial parameters . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  initialize   theano

test:  prepares logging for the program .
truth: setup logging to stdout . 
test:  logging   configure
truth:  logging   logging

test:  return the progress element given the path .
truth: return whether path has been imported in toppath . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the majority between 2 values .
truth: assumes that labels are ordered from nearest to farthest . 
test:  counts   testing
truth:  assumes   null

test:  retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff .
truth: retry calling the decorated function using an exponential backoff . 
test:  calling   calling
truth:  calling   calling

test:  congestion complete section 9 .
truth: congestion control section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  control   control

test:  return default client-side client-side over handlers .
truth: tornado handlers . 
test:  create   authentication
truth:  null   handlers

test:  returns the user info context .
truth: get user information from the id_token or oauth token in the request . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  get   user

test:  generate a string of letters for an url#appendix-a .
truth: generate random key . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  you can reverse the actor_url history .
truth: search backward starting at the current line and moving up through the history as necessary . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  search   search

test:  return the bom of an bom from a json file .
truth: return {conf_station: } for all stations . 
test:  function   in
truth:  return   return

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class .
truth: loads the rand hie data and returns a dataset class . 
test:  load   check
truth:  loads   null

test:  default 404 handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  djangos   djangos
truth:  default   default

test:  runs quick .
truth: a more efficient form of run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  null   a

test:  raises a string representation of the given message .
truth: return a html page listing a file and a back button . 
test:  make   django
truth:  return   a

test:  test installing from a pypi pypi .
truth: test installing a package from pypi . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  decorator to make a stack handler .
truth: decorator that enforces policies . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  parse a content-type like <ctrl-x> .
truth: parse colon seperated values into a dictionary . 
test:  given   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  retrieves a list of flavor strings passed in the flavor .
truth: utility method to sort a list of flavors . 
test:  returns   maps
truth:  null   method

test:  return the version of the linux distribution .
truth: return the version of the current linux distribution . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the log of the log matrix .
truth: normalize x according to klugers log-interactions scheme . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  normalize   x

test:  standard paste filter for use with paste .
truth: factory method for paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  profile line using pixels .
truth: return the intensity profile of an image measured along a scan line . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a string to a unicode string .
truth: converts a single string to a bytestring . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns true if the file is compilable .
truth: return true if the file is compilable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the capitalized for a given prefix .
truth: get key with capitalized suffix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   key

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env .
truth: execle execute the executable file with argument list args and environment env . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  check mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is true . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  renders a permission requests for the given params and assigns it with the given params .
truth: retrieves all permissions requests associated with the given obj and user and assigns the result to a context variable . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  executes a prompt for the user with the islands arguments .
truth: like :func:exec_prompt . 
test:  show   a
truth:  like   like

test:  statement : do semi semi .
truth: statement : labeled_statement | expression_statement | compound_statement | selection_statement | iteration_statement | jump_statement . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  this is a sort sort of the attempt .
truth: this field is required . 
test:  changes   convert
truth:  null   field

test:  return matfile version from stdout/stderr to every data .
truth: return major . 
test:  read   function
truth:  return   return

test:  load a file from the given source directory .
truth: load a font file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true if any of the leftmost leftmost is allowed given by a primer false .
truth: check if primer_seq matches any primer within max mismatches . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns if the view should be used for new resources .
truth: returns true if the given resource view support filters . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the scalar copula .
truth: independent bivariate copula . 
test:  null   bivariate
truth:  null   bivariate

test:  if bytes is a valid text .
truth: return a open text file object thats a duplicate of f on the fd-level if possible . 
test:  function   replace
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the ethernet response for a given communication .
truth: find the ethernet packet of underlayer or none . 
test:  return   check
truth:  find   find

test:  join a series of numbers .
truth: generate an unrolled shift-then-or loop over the first count digits . 
test:  join   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  finds the class registered for the given alias or alias or raise if the class alias has the given alias .
truth: finds the l{classalias} that is registered to c{klass_or_alias} . 
test:  get   return
truth:  finds   null

test:  returns true if the given file have been have been reached .
truth: return true iff this computer has a soundcard . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a record for an installed document .
truth: returns a statement inserting a conn flow from a bro log . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test digital and target which can be decimal for mlp .
truth: create a mlp and test input_source and target_source for default and non-default options . 
test:  test   null
truth:  create   a

test:  write info about the given file .
truth: generate info refs . 
test:  write   null
truth:  generate   info

test:  returns whether the tool is datasource in the tool .
truth: returns true if the tool is a datasource tool . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper method to load a draft as a draft .
truth: returns the location that is the draft for location if the location is in the direct_only_categories . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if influxdb lib is installed .
truth: load module only if cx_oracle installed . 
test:  load   i
truth:  module   module

test:  check if system coefficients is a scipy .
truth: check for filter stability . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  issue a deprecation exception class to a nice page .
truth: hook that is ran when old api module is used . 
test:  reports   version
truth:  hook   hook

test:  apply the natural sort method to gmail .
truth: applies a natural sort to a list or dictionary dictionary types require a sort key to be specified . 
test:  list   set
truth:  applies   a

test:  check if configs is available .
truth: checks if config files exist . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  override the theme class as a migration class .
truth: context manager for overriding the currently active theme class for testing . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: add http caching headers to the given httpresponse: expires and cache-control . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   http

test:  only work on systems that are a proxy minion .
truth: only work on systems that are a proxy minion . 
test:  ensures   work
truth:  work   work

test:  given a stream of bytes or text .
truth: given a stream of bytes or text . 
test:  given   generator
truth:  given   a

test:  fragment a big ip datagram .
truth: fragment a big ip datagram . 
test:  is   a
truth:  fragment   a

test:  creates all tests within the unit directory .
truth: generate tests classes from test info return the list of generated test classes . 
test:  return   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  get element from nested list .
truth: get nested index from collection examples . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  nested   get

test:  returns a dictionary of matrix keys .
truth: parser for a matrix file tab delimited . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  null   parser

test:  return a list of unique groups .
truth: returns map of seqs:unique representatives . 
test:  function   calculate
truth:  map   map

test:  lock a file descriptor .
truth: lock file . 
test:  is   function
truth:  file   file

test:  returns the md5 hash of the given hash with the given hash type .
truth: helper method for calculating an access token hash . 
test:  password   function
truth:  null   method

test:  returns the coverage grid of the script as a tuple .
truth: returns a list of integers with the size of the coverage extent in pixels . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  add the given suffix to dictionary object .
truth: returns a new toc with proper library suffix for extension items . 
test:  add   generate
truth:  returns   a

test:  set a new home directory if it doesnt already exist .
truth: change the home directory of the user cli example: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  change   change

test:  setup the mqtt lock .
truth: setup the mqtt switch . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  lists a vlan to network association .
truth: lists the vlan given a network_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  return a human readable type .
truth: return human-readable type string of an item . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  factory for the composite transform .
truth: create a new composite transform that is the result of applying transform a then transform b . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  add the value to the list table .
truth: add the value to the lists . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  tests whether a numpy contains nan .
truth: tests that pylearn2 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns a list of keys available for the given values .
truth: returns a sorted list of keys of p sorted by values of p . 
test:  sort   sort
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a default widget type .
truth: attemps to safely coalesce the default value down to a valid json type . 
test:  encoding   null
truth:  to   null

test:  cut a post method .
truth: return a listener that removes the first *pre* and last *post* lines of every docstring . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  return   a

test:  compare two independent objects of a grayscale image .
truth: compute the mean-squared error between two images . 
test:  put   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test that a hosts file matches the given paths .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  create   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  direct the loop lists .
truth: direct the loop lists . 
test:  loop   loop
truth:  direct   null

test:  load a appinfo object where one is expected .
truth: load a single appinfo object where one and only one is expected . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  replace product of runtimeconfig-generated .
truth: animates item to move to position pos . 
test:  move   item
truth:  null   item

test:  waits for a step to finish before first_date requires a step pipeline .
truth: call func at regular intervals and waits until the given function returns a truthy value within the given timeout and returns that value . 
test:  null   null
truth:  func   func

test:  unpack lines that make yaml .
truth: unpack the debconf lines . 
test:  to   unpack
truth:  unpack   unpack

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an host device backend .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for a software bridge . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  populate   a

test:  a validator to validate a validator within a validator .
truth: wrap various types as instances of a validator . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  gets the internal product product for the given profile .
truth: gets the internal product information for the given profile . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  maps keys for attachment details view .
truth: maps keys for attachment details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns an unused port on localhost on localhost .
truth: returns an unused port on localhost and the open socket from which it was created . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  to exit update the specified host or maintenance .
truth: to take the specified host system out of maintenance mode in this vmware environment cli example: . 
test:  to   put
truth:  take   null

test:  return a continued .
truth: returns the of continued fraction representation of frac{p + sqrt{d}}{q} . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convenience function for returning a topic to fetch the database .
truth: convenience function for returning a fully fleshed out content node for use in rendering content to save server processing . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  generate points for a set of points .
truth: generates points via recursive function and generate triangles using scipy delaunay triangulation parameters length : int number of points is generated . 
test:  generates   test
truth:  points   points

test:  creates a generic from a breadcrumbs breadcrumb .
truth: create categories from a breadcrumb string . 
test:  create   compile
truth:  create   categories

test:  get the loops .
truth: get the simplified loops . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a random integer value with provided number of digits .
truth: returns random integer value with provided number of digits . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a string of the form generated by get_custom_data_point and a datetime .
truth: returns single data value . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert classes to a string .
truth: function to convert a clb node object to a dict . 
test:  link   nodes
truth:  to   function

test:  fixture that provides a fake jsondecodeerror .
truth: return a warningsrecorder instance that provides these methods: * pop: return last warning matching the category . 
test:  simulates   null
truth:  return   a

test:  change the database to a tablespace .
truth: change tablespace or/and owner of database . 
test:  if   a
truth:  change   tablespace

test:  helper for setting all the radio group of this channel .
truth: deal with change of channel group . 
test:  change   helper
truth:  deal   null

test:  read lsm events from file and return as list .
truth: read lsm events from file and return as list of . 
test:  read   lsm
truth:  read   lsm

test:  return the git directory of the device .
truth: returns current path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   current

test:  preload a stream delay .
truth: get streams . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  get   streams

test:  formats an email with a human readable units that is allowed to rfc done in human-readable way .
truth: convert a frequency in hertz to human classic representation . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  require the system user .
truth: require the system user . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  determine which types are compatible with an x .
truth: check if types are same or compatible . 
test:  walk   function
truth:  if   check

test:  checks if tour is complete .
truth: check if the tour is complete . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  if   check

test:  for the given adjacency .
truth: helper function for probability of a rectangle in a bivariate distribution parameters lower : array_like tuple of lower integration bounds upper : array_like tuple of upper integration bounds cdf : callable cdf . 
test:  calculate   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the language is under the given language .
truth: returns true if the localeregexurlresolver is used at root level of the urlpatterns . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute ricatti-bessel function of the first kind .
truth: bernoulli numbers b0 . 
test:  compute   datetime
truth:  null   numbers

test:  send a message to a hipchat channel .
truth: sending message to hipchat v1 server . 
test:  send   message
truth:  sending   message

test:  create a new .
truth: returns a replacement for start_new_thread that inherits request id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the name of a valid number for the given region .
truth: returns a carrier name for the given phonenumber object . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function to format user and project and project .
truth: format subscriptions data for user settings page . 
test:  whitespace   user
truth:  format   subscriptions

test:  construct a url that may or a canonicalize url .
truth: canonicalize the given url by applying the following procedures: - sort query arguments . 
test:  null   a
truth:  canonicalize   null

test:  make a erfa link for erfa .
truth: this function does the same thing the astropy layer is supposed to do . 
test:  null   pass
truth:  function   function

test:  test whether we are running in the given device .
truth: check whether the supplied device path is a virtio_blk device . 
test:  function   check
truth:  check   check

test:  validates that key names in the list does not exist .
truth: validate each item of the list to match key name regex . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  provide the options for the hfa polynomial .
truth: provide the options for the hfa filter hfa: hyogo framework agreement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse the given host string into the given parts .
truth: validates a host string returns a 2-tuple of host followed by port where port is default_port if it wasnt specified in the string . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  restart the specified zone .
truth: boot the specified zone . 
test:  start   restart
truth:  boot   boot

test:  returns a datetime object from a path .
truth: load graph reference json :return: the graph reference . 
test:  return   debug
truth:  load   graph

test:  escapes an iri value for use in a url .
truth: escapes an iri value for use in a url . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  get reference to the vm with the extraconfig uuid specified .
truth: get reference to the vm with the uuid specified . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   reference

test:  computes a polynomial in x_j .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_j of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  time   null
truth:  order   order

test:  linearly constrained minimum of the minimum time-varying specify .
truth: dynamic imaging of coherent sources . 
test:  constrained   null
truth:  null   dynamic

test:  set debconf for the current rc .
truth: set the current rc params . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  get a single single doctype .
truth: return a frappe . 
test:  list   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  get the list of all users on the user .
truth: get the path to the program files folder . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: only work on posix-like systems . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  determine if the provided ip address is a valid ipv4-address .
truth: convert dotted quad string to long and check the first octet . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  dotted   convert

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts name . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  show a fiff from a fiff file .
truth: show fiff information . 
test:  read   show
truth:  show   show

test:  check if a given definition contains a block of a given definition .
truth: internal method to detect in a directive specification if a "special" directive is used . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  null   method

test:  add components to the given page .
truth: adds multiple components of a specific type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  adds   multiple

test:  return html path .
truth: map a source file path to an output html path . 
test:  get   parameter
truth:  map   a

test:  restore comments for the comments and place them before the same keys as a dictionary .
truth: scan default_data for comments and place them before the same keys in data . 
test:  scan   default_data
truth:  scan   default_data

test:  dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data .
truth: dispatches a hook dictionary on a given piece of data . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  dispatches   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list all python packages found within directory where should be converted to the appropriate appropriate local path where a "cross-platform" does not return a "cross-platform" will be converted
truth: return a list all python packages found within directory where where should be supplied as a "cross-platform" path; it will be converted to the appropriate local path syntax . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the zero or raises a new numpy ndarray .
truth: like zeros_like . 
test:  given   none
truth:  like   like

test:  get float with float .
truth: get wrapped float . 
test:  get   get
truth:  wrapped   get

test:  install flocker installation distribution .
truth: install zfs on a node . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   zfs

test:  add a organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  build a failure function that runs the tests with the given keys .
truth: factory function for creating test methods for generating missing field tests . 
test:  create   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the specified flash are are available for this site .
truth: returns true if there are flash messages for the current user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  new add .
truth: new milestone form . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   milestone

test:  returns a dict .
truth: filter out private items in a consumer dict . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  filter   filter

test:  given an value in the range .
truth: given a whole number . 
test:  if   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node .
truth: this method checks if vrouter exists on the target node . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  given a constraint or a constraint or a constraint .
truth: given a type or an exactly constraint . 
test:  returns   bytes
truth:  given   a

test:  default zone .
truth: print default zone for connections and interfaces cli example: . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  default   default

test:  returns the expression for numbers between t and i .
truth: compute the differences between adjacent elements in a sequence . 
test:  given   chop
truth:  compute   compute

test:  converts the etree element to a subscription element .
truth: converts entry element to subscription the xml format for subscription: <entry xmlns=url <content type=application/xml> <subscriptiondescription xmlns:i="url" xmlns="url"> <lockduration>pt5m</lockduration> <requiressession>false</requiressession> <defaultmessagetimetolive>p10675199dt2h48m5 . 
test:  email   convert
truth:  converts   entry

test:  read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec .
truth: read the zip64 end-of-archive records and use that to update endrec . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  upload files to an empty binary file .
truth: upload tarball to the server . 
test:  upload   distribution
truth:  upload   tarball

test:  test a timedelta .
truth: test a simple timedeltaline . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  a simple wrapper for the wang-ryzin function .
truth: returns a list of equivalence pairs that handle the conversion between parallax angle and distance . 
test:  converts   multiple
truth:  returns   a

test:  fetch a remote refs from the given repo .
truth: fetch objects from a remote server . 
test:  fetch   class
truth:  objects   objects

test:  alternate shell file or text .
truth: comb a gcode linear move text . 
test:  preface   a
truth:  comb   a

test:  checks if a python source is a valid python source file .
truth: check source code with pep8 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  source   source

test:  returns the sss rank for the given set of sss .
truth: get sss rank . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of sample data from the user data files .
truth: get the standard directory from an argparse namespace . 
test:  to   synchronisation
truth:  get   get

test:  plots a figure .
truth: sets options for the current figure . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  sets   options

test:  return a blackman window .
truth: return a blackman window . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  cast an integer to int .
truth: convert an intenum member to its raw integer value . 
test:  call   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pull a variable from a 2d variable .
truth: reshapes high-dimension input to a vector . 
test:  list   null
truth:  reshapes   null

test:  create a byte term with search parameters .
truth: return term1 xored with term2 . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  return   return

test:  deletes a session .
truth: destroy session . 
test:  to   null
truth:  destroy   session

test:  returns the list of named named nodes .
truth: get the named nodes in a theano graph . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  generate the url for the given image .
truth: generate an image url from an image_ref . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the value in the elements of the matrix .
truth: returns lst[ind] if it exists . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts an image into a pixel input image .
truth: mean subtract and scale an image for use in a blob . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  subtract   mean

test:  completion for contents of a multi-line file .
truth: completes based on the contents of the current python environment . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  based   null

test:  decorator: renders a bound class for a method .
truth: magic for creating bound methods . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   magic

test:  populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an openvswitch bridge .
truth: populate a libvirtconfigguestinterface instance with host backend details for an device that supports hardware virtual ethernet bridge . 
test:  populate   set
truth:  populate   a

test:  get and display the resource .
truth: fetch 5 resources from a feed . 
test:  get   get
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  loop through new .
truth: switches the host using a parameter value from a json request body . 
test:  adding   image
truth:  null   null

test:  this check is never raises a new one .
truth: make sure that the gnumpy conversion is exact from garray to cudandarray back to garray . 
test:  null   test
truth:  make   null

test:  test for get markdown file syntax from file .
truth: test for get word from markdown file syntax . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  try to connect to a private system .
truth: try passwordless login with paramiko . 
test:  to   try
truth:  try   passwordless

test:  retrieve all system roles for this system .
truth: retrieve all the available system roles . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  compute the laplace difference between the future and the corresponding wiki .
truth: filter files older than age . 
test:  normalize   null
truth:  files   files

test:  attempt to parse a message for http success and extract the message .
truth: attempt to parse the message for a user_op_manager abort line and extract user . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  method decorator that checks whether the route matches the current request and posted live arguments if the request is an instance of the list of route is not in the
truth: tries to match a route given an iterator . 
test:  search   a
truth:  to   null

test:  generate a sparse matrix that can be used to random .
truth: generates a set of input record params: numrecords - how many records to generate elemsize - the size of each record numset - how many 1s in each record returns: a list of inputs . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  returns true if given stream is valid .
truth: returns true if given stream is valid csv . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a database object .
truth: create a test instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic value of a given variable .
truth: returns the value of a tensor . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checkout a user from git docstring .
truth: resolves git aliases and supports testing for both git and hub . 
test:  run   a
truth:  git   git

test:  when overriding a custom function for a particular uploadedfile .
truth: test to hit ironpython . 
test:  attributes   tests
truth:  to   test

test:  implement nrt_meminfo_data_fast in the given module .
truth: define a llvm function for atomic compare-and-swap . 
test:  define   a
truth:  define   a

test:  set a key/value pair in memcache .
truth: sets multiple keys values at once . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   multiple

test:  this function is called by the tests to run the timeout .
truth: this test *should* fail when process-timeout=1 . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a list of sets of all node pools in the given each completed .
truth: return a list of tags . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  test missing argument .
truth: test show command with no arguments . 
test:  missing   test
truth:  show   show

test:  a utility method for parsing token keyword arguments .
truth: based on djangos ~django . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  based   null

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: return a slug . 
test:  to   converts
truth:  return   a

test:  wrapper around reraise .
truth: returns the rabbitmq queue size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a remote mercurial repository .
truth: fetch changes from the default remote repository . 
test:  remote   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  logs an additional additional information .
truth: log history of download . 
test:  return   function
truth:  log   history

test:  sends a console to a transaction .
truth: testing using python to interact to cisco router via serial port . 
test:  null   section
truth:  using   testing

test:  takes a list of authorization headers and returns a dictionary of authorization .
truth: dont call this directly . 
test:  to   copy
truth:  call   call

test:  returns the distance between a host_state and z .
truth: get equation for rectangular z . 
test:  get   package
truth:  get   equation

test:  converts an object c{obj} to a c{set} .
truth: converts an arbitrary object c{obj} to a c{dict} . 
test:  converts   view
truth:  converts   converts

test:  downgrade assets by removing the auto_close_date library .
truth: downgrade assets db by removing the tick_size column and renaming the multiplier column . 
test:  work   null
truth:  downgrade   assets

test:  a square square .
truth: if the image is taller than it is wide . 
test:  joined   return
truth:  if   null

test:  return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio .
truth: return a context manager used by captured_stdout/stdin/stderr that temporarily replaces the sys stream *stream_name* with a stringio . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a movie to a movie .
truth: called by vlc every few hundred msec providing the current audio track time . 
test:  time   a
truth:  called   null

test:  usage: {% page_permissions page as active .
truth: usage example:: {% feincms_nav feincms_page level=1 as toplevel %} <ul> {% for page in toplevel %} {% page_is_active page as is_active %} <li {% if is_active %}class="active"{% endif %}> <a href="{{ page . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  inject the given tags .
truth: this injects a custom create_tags method onto the ec2 service resource this is needed because the resource model is not able to express creating multiple tag resources based on the fact you can apply a set of tags to multiple ec2 resources . 
test:  create   a
truth:  injects   null

test:  test that when no bundle is raised if we will fail .
truth: a missing output target is ok as long as no merge is required . 
test:  null   test
truth:  missing   a

test:  merge consecutive blocks in docstring .
truth: overwrite c{g}s name and docstring with values from c{f} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   c{g}s

test:  update the named user .
truth: reload config and add/remove/update as necessary user user to run supervisorctl as conf_file path to supervisord config file bin_env path to supervisorctl bin or path to virtualenv with supervisor installed name name of the process group to update . 
test:  update   a
truth:  config   config

test:  check that the authority of the user does not exist or after a role .
truth: internal function to check whether the caller has authority to manipulate this role . 
test:  check   check
truth:  function   function

test:  defines the client for a given python service .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  view   assume
truth:  null   builder

test:  determine if the directory is in the native for the current minion .
truth: given a path only . 
test:  if   get
truth:  given   a

test:  create a double double double double double double modbus .
truth: create a pair of frames suitable for hosting a dialog . 
test:  creates   token
truth:  create   a

test:  given a function name and a function name .
truth: convert a string version of a class name to the object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve quotas for a quotas quotas .
truth: method called to see if the user is allowed to store an image . 
test:  get   current
truth:  called   method

test:  sets the gpu fraction for an gpu .
truth: set the gpu memory fraction for the application . 
test:  set   dmg
truth:  set   set

test:  if output is a double stream .
truth: append _neg suffix to words that appear in the scope between a negation and a punctuation mark . 
test:  missing   remove
truth:  append   append

test:  retrieve the list of groups for a user .
truth: some groups were changed . 
test:  bind   a
truth:  null   groups

test:  return the sum of the elements .
truth: returns the sum of a sequence of numbers plus the value of parameter start . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  calculates the host size for a given object .
truth: get the size of the memory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a list .
truth: create a list with tree nodes for which the <filter> function returned true in a pre order fashion . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  convert a dll name to a value .
truth: convert dll names from bytes to str . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   dll

test:  add pillars output to positives .
truth: add pillars output to positives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  creates a list of all filters in an predicate dict .
truth: create filter functions from a list of string parameters . 
test:  create   create
truth:  filter   filter

test:  reload the make sure the given request was built .
truth: reload and wait until a new request is received . 
test:  send   null
truth:  null   reload

test:  for new projects .
truth: for new projects . 
test:  null   new
truth:  null   new

test:  computes the probability density of a 3d distribution parameters wigner : float or scalar j and a matrix a reject of the absolute value is the index of the kernel
truth: calculates the clebsch-gordan coefficient langle j_1 m_1 ; j_2 m_2 | j_3 m_3 rangle . 
test:  null   function
truth:  calculates   null

test:  return message id .
truth: returns message id created from doctype and name . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   message

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a uniform distribution over the input set . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the current backend for the given backend .
truth: the backend is this module itself . 
test:  return   new
truth:  backend   backend

test:  pack image into a collection of images for each image .
truth: determines an approximation of the optimal way to pack the images into a given number of shards so as to equalize the execution time amongst the shards . 
test:  filter   sort
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns container name container name container name or id **return exit .
truth: kill all processes in a running container instead of performing a graceful shutdown name container name or id **return data** a dictionary will be returned . 
test:  refresh   a
truth:  kill   kill

test:  get the key for the private key .
truth: get comparison in order to sort attribute keys in ascending order . 
test:  get   compare
truth:  get   comparison

test:  return a list of all number that depend on the country in a phone number .
truth: returns true if the groups of digits found in our candidate phone number match our expectations . 
test:  input   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a dict of profile id for a given account name .
truth: fetch the profile id for the given domain . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  given a sequence .
truth: join together sequences of strings into english-friendly phrases using the conjunction or when appropriate . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  join   join

test:  checks the limit of documents is in cypher .
truth: checks the facet value limit is an integer within range . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a path corresponding to the scheme .
truth: returns a path corresponding to the scheme . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  combine a comma-separated attribute on the given python dictionary .
truth: recursively set the given annotation on all leafs of the subtree . 
test:  copy   uuid
truth:  set   set

test:  evaluate metagenomeseqs functions .
truth: run deseq2s variance stabilization algorithm through rscript . 
test:  null   metagenomeseqs
truth:  run   run

test:  given a unique prefix for a specified filesystem .
truth: if supplied conda_prefix is not set . 
test:  do   get
truth:  supplied   null

test:  restrict forward to sensor .
truth: restrict forward operator to active sources in a source estimate . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  restrict   null

test:  reads the traffic server configuration from traffic .
truth: read traffic server configuration variable definitions . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  create a new addon name for the given addon .
truth: create an addon with the given name and his version . 
test:  create   return
truth:  create   create

test:  set python information to be run using an entire operator .
truth: normalize proj after subselection to avoid warnings . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  normalize   proj

test:  retrieve discovery .
truth: retrieves the discovery_doc from cache or the internet . 
test:  null   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns the address or an array of pairs in the list .
truth: parse an address into a tuple . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  parse   parse

test:  render a template with its buffer .
truth: create a context and return the string output of the given template and template callable . 
test:  rendered   module
truth:  create   a

test:  return the indent type for a given type .
truth: get a searchindex instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  function   course
truth:  get   a

test:  create directory if it is small .
truth: create all required path elements and set umask on all return true if last element could be made or exists . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get the mapping of g for a given cluster .
truth: sort the keys of a dict reative to their values length cluster_mapping: dict with mapping as list of ids . 
test:  sorts   multiple
truth:  sort   sort

test:  return true if ufunc can be enabled for a spatio-temporal query .
truth: a variant of np . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   variant

test:  downloads and download a video from cloud storage .
truth: api endpoint for launching the videodownload job . 
test:  endpoint   op
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  test edf with edf for edf .
truth: test if events are detected correctly in a typical mne workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all module names to make it available on the system .
truth: set all module __file__ attribute to an absolute path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return the project type .
truth: return the project to use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a large integer to a friendly text representation .
truth: converts a large integer to a friendly text representation . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  clear() for a given .
truth: return when each period begins and ends . 
test:  returns   open
truth:  return   return

test:  get eip addresses of eip .
truth: error when search for bogus ip . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  error   error

test:  return the correct record where a particular record is iso .
truth: return the storage repository to hold iso images . 
test:  function   test
truth:  return   return

test:  it doesnt upgrade a dependency does not upgrade these exist .
truth: it does upgrade a dependency even if it already satisfies the requirements . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  add the x intersection indexes for the loops .
truth: add the x intersections for the loops . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  monkey-patch the given target with the given name and appends the global namespace .
truth: unmount a filesystem . 
test:  unmount   hack
truth:  unmount   a

test:  creates a simple view that wraps the document with a scheme .
truth: takes a url to a database and parses it into an equivalent dictionary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a clipped loop path .
truth: get a clipped loop path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  an error handler .
truth: an encoding error handler . 
test:  encoding   null
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  raise 405 if request .
truth: raise 405 if request . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if any of the specified shell is in a shell .
truth: check if current environment needs shell for running subprocess calls . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  updates an existing followers with the specified viewpoint .
truth: adds a new comment to an existing viewpoint . 
test:  unshares   photos
truth:  adds   a

test:  return a list of available images .
truth: return a dict of all available vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  entry point for bin/* script .
truth: everything dispatches from this function . 
test:  null   options
truth:  dispatches   everything

test:  extracts the iteration of a function .
truth: returns dictionary of known tokens with all values . 
test:  text   a
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  returns a list of detailed strings for a strong bsgs .
truth: compute basic orbits and transversals from a base and strong generating set . 
test:  return   multiplication
truth:  compute   compute

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  do a greeting of the data .
truth: print out the lxml events that occur during parsing . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  print   print

test:  test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting .
truth: test either if an error is raised when sample is called before fitting . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  generates a set of steps from the graph g .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  get the carving for a gcode file .
truth: get the document from the file name . 
test:  generates   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the given path looks like a dotted hidden request .
truth: determines if a given file or directory is hidden . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  returns a list of all contents that can be used as a list of child classes .
truth: import bookmarks from a netscape-bookmark-file v1 . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   bookmarks

test:  return the value of the cover image .
truth: find a raster image marked as a cover in the opf . 
test:  start   find
truth:  find   a

test:  print a list of notification setting .
truth: print a list of settings . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  build a tree tree for a tree .
truth: create a simple tree . 
test:  create   node
truth:  create   a

test:  format the payload dictionary with attributes .
truth: pass in the required arguments for a payload . 
test:  format   a
truth:  pass   in

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return schema schema instance for the given interface .
truth: returns the validation schema object for the given models . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate an md5 token for a given token .
truth: generates a url-safe token for the given user . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  raise a resource class .
truth: raises valueerror if the supplied resource class identifier is *not* in the set of standard resource classes as of inventory/allocation object version 1 . 
test:  exception   return
truth:  raises   valueerror

test:  associate media list with this instance .
truth: get media library subitems . 
test:  provides   media
truth:  get   media

test:  returns a list of source files in given directory .
truth: given the output target and the list of things to do . 
test:  configure   build
truth:  given   null

test:  connection to the connection info .
truth: grab mysql connection details . 
test:  get   up
truth:  grab   mysql

test:  get the loop from the circle nodes .
truth: get the centers from the intersection loop . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  cast the string to the form .
truth: converts the first character of a string to its uppercase equivalent . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  marathon when a container points is able to a task with a docker container points .
truth: test if we are able to connect to a task with ip-per-container mode . 
test:  if   test
truth:  if   test

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: return a list of all job ids . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  disable all the workers in the specific load balancer example: .
truth: disable all the given workers in the specific load balancer cli examples: . 
test:  recover   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  list all known namespaces .
truth: provide information about known namespaces . 
test:  change   data
truth:  provide   information

test:  receives the problem_weighted_score_changed signal sent by studio when a course is not being used .
truth: display the progress page . 
test:  given   shows
truth:  display   display

test:  the linear inequality constraint constraint .
truth: derivative of the inequality constraints . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get absolute path to resource .
truth: get absolute path to resource . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  increments element in dictionary .
truth: increments element in dictionary . 
test:  creates   element
truth:  increments   element

test:  converts to file descriptor to file to bytes .
truth: return a file descriptor from a file object . 
test:  open   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return dict of information about the running configuration .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   list
truth:  return   a

test:  like path .
truth: update fail2ban-python link to current python version . 
test:  to   update
truth:  update   update

test:  helper to run a module namespace .
truth: execute a modules code without importing it returns the resulting top level namespace dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  this function helps you want to call a user .
truth: display a message string . 
test:  function   replacement
truth:  display   a

test:  verify path of the config file .
truth: verifies server_root and config_file specify a valid config . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  server_root   server_root

test:  a generator function to find a controller directory and all files below the same path .
truth: scan a directory for python files and use them as controllers . 
test:  select   null
truth:  scan   a

test:  move the property property for a protocol .
truth: go over keys in the given entity and update the application id . 
test:  go   null
truth:  go   null

test:  decorator for tests that require authentication to be run .
truth: create a test case which contains the tests that should apply to any and all convergence agents . 
test:  test   build
truth:  create   a

test:  return true if the given body body is empty .
truth: return true if the given node does nothing but pass . 
test:  is   return
truth:  return   return

test:  add the given file to the destination .
truth: add a file handler to the default logger . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  internal method to resolve the the the local connection .
truth: convenience function to resolve the given or the current connection . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  function   function

test:  instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption .
truth: instantiate a cipher object that performs ecb encryption/decryption . 
test:  populate   factory
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  null   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  if p is a scalar .
truth: if p is a scalar . 
test:  p   actions
truth:  p   p

test:  computes the euclidean distances between x and y .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  format a message with prefix formatting formatting and return a message .
truth: helper for assert_* ports . 
test:  log   msg
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns true if path is a file .
truth: checks if the given file is in the local filesystem . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  context manager that acquires a lock on a file .
truth: context manager that acquires a lock on a file . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  function for handling metadata method to check if the request is a json .
truth: ajax only view: unhelpful vote survey processing . 
test:  null   states
truth:  null   null

test:  get a generator for a given directory .
truth: walk through an index and check for differences against working tree . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  walk   null

test:  return a dict mapping domain names to the meter for a meter .
truth: return the max volume for a meter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  embed the album into maxwidth file .
truth: embed album art into all of the albums items . 
test:  embed   current
truth:  embed   album

test:  get the binary dependencies for a file .
truth: grab the name of the binary were running in . 
test:  get   null
truth:  grab   null

test:  returns first item of the first element in iterable .
truth: return first n items of an iterable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  complete rules with the lists of rules .
truth: complete using a list of completion rules . 
test:  complete   rules
truth:  using   null

test:  efficiently compute edges for a color .
truth: return sparse matrix with edges as an adjacency matrix . 
test:  measure   null
truth:  return   sparse

test:  same as a roundup b .
truth: return a/b rounded up to nearest integer . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  transform a list into a string .
truth: returns a short string hash for a given int . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  function to build a list of questions for a given template .
truth: build a form displaying all the questions for a given template_id @todo: remove wrapper . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   a

test:  convert a list/dict of text to image format .
truth: convert a custom formatted token to a pem-formatted token . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a grid from plotly .
truth: create a new column inside a grid . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given the given method name json .
truth: add the given targets to the given rule returns a dictionary describing any failures . 
test:  given   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the absolute path to the url for the file .
truth: build absolute uri with given path . 
test:  build   a
truth:  build   build

test:  return a list of vnc ports .
truth: return vnc port for an vm or none if there is no available port . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ignore error thrown should not cause media .
truth: check whether this error is safe to ignore . 
test:  provides   error
truth:  check   check

test:  set the web-history matrix to init .
truth: initialize the qwebhistoryinterface . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns the stack .
truth: return a string of which function we are currently in . 
test:  call   docstring
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: rest controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  initializes the viewpoint resource handler .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  get the description for this edge description .
truth: get the description for carve . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  overrides a cheatsheet .
truth: solves problem of line deletition caused by overlapping logging messages and retrieved data info in inference mode . 
test:  appends   null
truth:  solves   problem

test:  request a task certificates for a course .
truth: submits a task to regenerate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  given   a
truth:  submits   a

test:  rule : rule | parameter_list | parameter_list newline | nonassoc .
truth: rule : id : ; . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   rule

test:  parameters year:int  e .
truth: parameters year:int  e . 
test:  null   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  context   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version .
truth: returns true/false boolean depending on if boto is installed and correct version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply any data from the current template to a list .
truth: modify the given context in place based on the overwrite_context . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  modify   null

test:  test an rgb line passing the line .
truth: test a line profile using an ndim=3 image . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   a

test:  delete a question .
truth: delete a question . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  set the global ui object to be used for logging .
truth: return the current ui object . 
test:  set   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  convert loc loc to certain computations .
truth: convert a loc to an eeg loc . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  convert   a

test:  execute the given resource query and return the responder .
truth: before hook for capturing responder arguments . 
test:  capture   utility
truth:  hook   hook

test:  select the endpoint from the service catalog we search the service catalog for services .
truth: select an endpoint from the service catalog we search the full service catalog for services matching both type and region . 
test:  find   apply
truth:  select   null

test:  read the object and return as a unicode string .
truth: read from a filehandle and retry when interrupted . 
test:  text   null
truth:  read   read

test:  sends translations .
truth: append translated dict in frappe . 
test:  send   a
truth:  translated   append

test:  returns a tuple of .
truth: get users configuration directory . 
test:  returns   ssh
truth:  get   users

test:  provides a valid volume policy .
truth: given a volume . 
test:  get   qos
truth:  given   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the first item in the list whose values are in the list .
truth: execute something before the first item of iter . 
test:  return   null
truth:  execute   something

test:  helper function for p-value for p-value probability .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized t with respect to y parameters y : array_like data points of random variable at which loglike is evaluated df : array_like degrees of freedom . 
test:  null   pdf
truth:  null   derivative

test:  returns a string of the characters .
truth: generates a random name; useful for testing . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support treetype - the name of the type required for various types used for various types of the name
truth: get a treewalker class for various types of tree with built-in support args: treetype : the name of the tree type required . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  fixture to setup the cpu before running a test .
truth: fixture that returns a cpu backend using 32 bit dtype . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  determines whether a given tab is divisible by the current context .
truth: prevent use_thousand_separator from automatically inserting a thousand separator on this value . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  prevent   null

test:  language: fr -> feature .
truth: language: fr -> feature . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  group groupby by a sequence of objects .
truth: group a sequence of objects by a common attribute . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if address is the link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: returns true if address is the link-local all-servers multicast address . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a qurl is naive or not .
truth: naive check if given url is really a url . 
test:  is   return
truth:  check   check

test:  convert an integer to a positive log .
truth: find and return an integer i >= 0 such that num == 2**i . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  find   find

test:  get the round .
truth: get the round . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function to update the rows of the dataset with the given dataset .
truth: function to update the viewer with a new visible batch . 
test:  update   update
truth:  to   function

test:  create an empty media library object .
truth: create an new media library object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  return the current letter flags .
truth: transform an access flags to the corresponding string . 
test:  returns   parses
truth:  transform   transform

test:  print a gluster command line .
truth: perform a gluster --xml command and log result . 
test:  clean   commands
truth:  perform   a

test:  looks for a dict in a dictionary .
truth: pretty dict print . 
test:  perform   add
truth:  null   dict

test:  computes the logistic link with x and targets .
truth: images - grad - cudamat of deltas/gradients of loss wrt layer outputs . 
test:  join   null
truth:  -   -

test:  recursively exist a file to see if it has a source file .
truth: check if all files in commasep list exist comma_sep_fps: list of filenames as comma-separated string . 
test:  check   a
truth:  if   check

test:  send email to use the confirmation smtp notification .
truth: send email to specified destination . 
test:  send   stream
truth:  email   email

test:  converts a unix datetime to a datetime .
truth: unixtime is seconds since the epoch . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   null

test:  runs the geos tests in the geos tests .
truth: runs a test suite for all local tests . 
test:  null   runner
truth:  runs   a

test:  probability that a value from pmf1 is less than a value from pmf2 .
truth: probability that a value from pmf1 equals a value from pmf2 . 
test:  null   probability
truth:  null   probability

test:  only load if the pygerduty module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if modifying repos is available for this package type . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  computes a local response with the specified numpy distribution .
truth: local response normalization across neighboring channels . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  null   response

test:  returns a list of zookeeper locations for zookeeper .
truth: returns the zookeeper connection host string . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute the node boundary of nodes for nodes .
truth: returns the node boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that a fixed bound to fixed and bound fixed bound .
truth: regression test for url currently doesnt test that the fit is any *good*--just that parameters stay within their given constraints . 
test:  to   test
truth:  test   test

test:  print a list of tasks .
truth: print a list of types . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  calculate the allowed formats for the current operating system .
truth: return an object that can be used to test if a format is allowed for auto-adding . 
test:  null   count
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the object is an error .
truth: check if wtforms field has error without checking its children . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dictionary of the keys of a dictionary .
truth: like __getitem__ but works as if the keys() are all filename patterns . 
test:  to   a
truth:  like   like

test:  execute a remote method .
truth: send a message expecting no reply . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  send   a

test:  view for messages from a users queue .
truth: queue and email after user has made their first non-osf4m project public . 
test:  sets   reset
truth:  null   queue

test:  return the indent for the current default value .
truth: returns the value of the fuzz factor used in numeric expressions . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the number of sync to the current sync date .
truth: get the sync_num . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a function that raises a clip with a clip .
truth: raise an error if the clip has no duration . 
test:  check   fixture
truth:  raise   null

test:  returns true if the given line looks like an white spatial .
truth: return true if line is empty or all whitespace . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a json representation of students whose certificates is students in students .
truth: submits a task to generate certificates for given students enrolled in the course . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  submits   a

test:  returns the next weekday for the next iteration for the next iteration .
truth: if holiday falls on saturday . 
test:  returns   holiday
truth:  if   holiday

test:  generate an integer set of attributes .
truth: generate an accept header value [str or ] -> str . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the flocker iterator that is only meant for a specified user .
truth: check if the last notification is a contacts notification with a none start_key . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  a contextmanager that silences stdout on statements in a temporary manner .
truth: temporarily disable console output . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  disable   null

test:  find the no longer than one of the given username .
truth: give list of recommendations . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  notify a notification about an instance .
truth: send a notification about an instance . 
test:  send   tuples
truth:  send   a

test:  return if we are a datetime arraylike .
truth: return if we are datetime arraylike / datetimeindex . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   return

test:  returns a sizer for a message field .
truth: returns a sizer for a bytes field . 
test:  value   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if running from the idle .
truth: returns true if python is running from within an app on osx . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates iis with a :jenkins-wiki:sonarqube .
truth: execute a prlsrvctl command . 
test:  execute   message
truth:  execute   a

test:  clip a domain attributes to the given domain object .
truth: return an :obj:ordereddict describing a domain description contains keys "features" . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  a sane wrapper around classes that ignores permission within a nested object and types .
truth: is obj a class? inspects isclass is too liberal and returns true for objects that cant be subclasses of anything . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  obj   obj

test:  verify that the raid is {'result' .
truth: get the summary from module monit and try to see if service is being monitored . 
test:  ensure   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  initializes the database .
truth: construct new ipython session . 
test:  function   display
truth:  construct   new

test:  write a file .
truth: write the git-commit-id file with the current commit . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  generates a plain instance from the current configuration .
truth: generates xml for the instance of the specified field . 
test:  function   try
truth:  xml   xml

test:  registers all contents of a text into the unread .
truth: tell <nick> <message> -- relay <message> to <nick> when <nick> is around . 
test:  null   null
truth:  tell   null

test:  wait until a predicate has been reached .
truth: wait up to 10 seconds for predicate to be true . 
test:  null   null
truth:  wait   up

test:  generate additional properties for the given properties from the given value .
truth: this validator function is used for legacy v2 compatible mode in v2 . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   validator

test:  utility function to retrieve the list of store .
truth: utility method to retrieve a list of flavors . 
test:  list   null
truth:  null   method

test:  deletes content elasticsearch .
truth: delete marker_index . 
test:  deletes   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  check if python interpreter was installed via the environment .
truth: check if python interpreter was installed via macports command port . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  check if the node is a protocol node .
truth: check if an instance is still booting . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   check

test:  setup the osram component .
truth: setup insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   standard
truth:  setup   insteon

test:  returns true if the given node is an old super node .
truth: return true if the node is referencing the "super" builtin function . 
test:  if   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression .
truth: helper to define an expression that is indirectly defined from the tokens matched in a previous expression . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  to   helper

test:  yaml: rich-text-publisher requires the version of the jenkins pair plugin <sonatype+clm+%28formerly+insight+for+ci%29> .
truth: yaml: version-number generate a version number for the build using a format string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  migrate a powershell c{version()} .
truth: if we migrate from an older version . 
test:  migrate   migrate
truth:  if   null

test:  send a message to a different socket .
truth: sends and receives a message with either a :class:~stem . 
test:  log   crud
truth:  sends   null

test:  validate a logger for a path .
truth: validate a logger uri path and get the logger name . 
test:  create   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  require a specific oracle .
truth: require oracle jdk to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   null

test:  return the version of a version .
truth: return the cassandra version cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  write the ring ring .
truth: pretty much just a two node . 
test:  is   test
truth:  null   pretty

test:  produce postorder nodes in a undirected graph .
truth: produce nodes in a depth-first-search post-ordering starting from source . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  produce   nodes

test:  backward compatibility .
truth: matches translated string(s) to source the first translation whose source matches the source message . 
test:  time   a
truth:  translated   matches

test:  returns an square matrix for :py:class:clearedvalue .
truth: element-wise square root . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  square   square

test:  validates that name is a legal resource name .
truth: check if name is a legal ros name for filesystem resources . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  if   check

test:  creates a new virtual machine on the node with cmd .
truth: create a single gce instance from a data dict . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a 3x3 cartesian angle for for for a particular dimension .
truth: computes the angle of rotation and the rotation axis for a given rotation matrix . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  label: bands .
truth: stochastic fast . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the branch name .
truth: returns the branch setting for the module store from the current django request if configured . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume the iterator .
truth: consume an iterable at c speed . 
test:  advance   advance
truth:  consume   null

test:  coerce value to a json so that it can be used as one .
truth: coerce value to a bool . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  function describing an addition and height .
truth: returns the term in lhs which contains the most of the func-type things e . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  blocking copy a variable such as expected .
truth: non blocking send . 
test:  to   a
truth:  blocking   non

test:  given a set .
truth: helper to convert various things to a set this enables flexibility in what users provide as the list of ldap entry attribute values . 
test:  given   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  return empty fragment with multiple spaces .
truth: tidy a string with markup and return only the <body> contents . 
test:  check   reader
truth:  null   a

test:  generate circle perimeter coordinates .
truth: generate anti-aliased circle perimeter coordinates . 
test:  create   circle
truth:  generate   generate

test:  determine whether the process is a my process .
truth: check if the pid in the pid given corresponds to a running process and if psutil is available . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  generates a flat .
truth: generates a flat . 
test:  function   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get a storage storage class by the appropriate storage class .
truth: retrieve a basket storage object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  loads the windows configuration .
truth: installs the given image on the device . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  installs   null

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the craft dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  like tornado .
truth: bootstrap a new project at a given path . 
test:  email   null
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header .
truth: checks to see if the response has a given header name in its vary header . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  parse the 227 response for a pasv request .
truth: parse the 227 response for a pasv request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the monogo_return options from salt .
truth: get the influxdb options from salt . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image .
truth: compute the harris corner detector response function for each pixel in a graylevel image . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  rpm/sla rpm/sla information .
truth: variable substitution . 
test:  set   exception
truth:  null   substitution

test:  parse a content-type like header into a tuple with the content type and the options: .
truth: parse content-type-like header into a tuple . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  download filename from network .
truth: download the data from yanns website . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  download   download

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  given a list of strings .
truth: given a list of strings . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  make a template class for a template attribute .
truth: make a template class for method *attr* of *typ* overloaded by *overload_func* . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  checks if a file matches a given project .
truth: test if . 
test:  to   return
truth:  if   test

test:  add an user like object .
truth: add a like to an object . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   a

test:  expands the :setting:celery_routes setting .
truth: expand the :setting:task_routes setting . 
test:  expand   function
truth:  expand   expand

test:  class decorator for intel style class .
truth: class decorator for registering subclasses of neuralnetbase . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale .
truth: return the plus sign symbol used by the current locale . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default value for this yarn .
truth: get the default rm . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set modified on the local database .
truth: sets modified on one object at a time . 
test:  modified   sets
truth:  modified   sets

test:  pretty print the snmp list as a string .
truth: retrieve the given oid default oid is mib2 . 
test:  search   availability
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  registers an stanza stanza .
truth: associate a stanza object as a plugin for another stanza . 
test:  plugin   register
truth:  associate   a

test:  returns a list of files for a given file .
truth: finds violations reports files by naming convention . 
test:  returns   fetch
truth:  finds   violations

test:  find a file to match a given filesystem .
truth: looks for a filename in a list of dirs on a filesystem . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  converts a tuple into a tuple .
truth: converts the given strings to a bytestring if necessary . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a mock .
truth: return an integer corresponding to the major version # of the python interpreter were running on . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get configured notifier object by name .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notifier . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert chunk to width .
truth: minimally divide the given chunks so as to make the largest chunk width less or equal than *max_width* . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  divide   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 format .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  emit a dictionary with keys .
truth: emit the analysis options from a dictionary to a string . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  emit   null

test:  connect to a specific certificate .
truth: probe sni server for ssl certificate . 
test:  ask   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  a decorator that makes apibuilder raising errors with the result of a utility to the immediately sure that the function is passed to the returned attribute of the function is
truth: enables a wsgi application to not exit until all its asynchronous requests have finished . 
test:  null   null
truth:  enables   a

test:  release media manager instance with media_list_player instance this function .
truth: get libvlc_event_manager from this media list instance . 
test:  lock   event
truth:  get   get

test:  parses stack traceback .
truth: calculate correct line number of traceback given in tb . 
test:  return   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  delete the google service .
truth: delete a topic by the topic author . 
test:  delete   reset
truth:  delete   a

test:  the entry point for the credential helper .
truth: the entry point for cloudformation high level commands . 
test:  null   entry
truth:  null   entry

test:  decorator used to mark a function as a decorator for a handler .
truth: a decorator for functions that run outside request context . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the homogeneity score for an exponentially-weighted plot .
truth: homogeneity metric of a cluster labeling given a ground truth . 
test:  return   rnn
truth:  null   metric

test:  definition : field_type field_type field_type identifier .
truth: definition_type : base_type | container_type . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   null

test:  format a file or block device .
truth: format a file or block device . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  appends sp_password to the end of the payload .
truth: embraces complete query with zero-versioned comment requirement: * mysql tested against: * mysql 5 . 
test:  name   replaces
truth:  complete   null

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  return a string indicating a human readable format .
truth: shamelessly adapted formatting from timeit . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  adapted   null

test:  get all services .
truth: get all workers that match given criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  prefix a path .
truth: apply prefix to last part of path /my/path and hi_ will give /my/hi_path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  m-th order derivative of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: m-th order derivative in x_0 of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  order   return
truth:  order   order

test:  check if the precision is a precision matrix .
truth: check a precision matrix is symmetric and positive-definite . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   a

test:  update the migrations for an gcc server .
truth: generate server info for dumb file access . 
test:  update   update
truth:  server   server

test:  find the first nonzero of the first try to match the left corner of a topojson or raises a match .
truth: find image pattern pat in pic[x +/- r . 
test:  approximate   return
truth:  find   image

test:  returns the size of the matrix that is the term of the polynomial of the term of the term with the term of the term coefficients .
truth: given integers x and m . 
test:  null   a
truth:  given   integers

test:  this view handles all links and an ajax response .
truth: create a technical server error response . 
test:  code   null
truth:  create   a

test:  see if task is output to be triggered .
truth: self documenting step that indicates why this step should fail . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   self

test:  get the default group type .
truth: get the default group type . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  send an email to inform the confirmation email .
truth: send the confirmation/welcome e-mail to an invited user . 
test:  send   send
truth:  send   send

test:  add a neighbour argument to the argparse argument .
truth: adds a deprecated argument with the name argument_name . 
test:  add   pair
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a *worder* but for the mandlebrot grid .
truth: constructs the mandlebro set for a grid of dimensions parameters width: int width of the resulting grid height: int height of the resulting grid returns a grid of floating point values containing the output of get_num_escape_turns function for each point . 
test:  generates   feature
truth:  constructs   null

test:  parse environment and return a dict of environment variables for flask .
truth: read proxy info from the environment variables . 
test:  to   test
truth:  read   proxy

test:  reads all images in a given directory .
truth: reads the images in a given folder . 
test:  is   image
truth:  reads   null

test:  remove group type access for project .
truth: remove group type access for project . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   group

test:  convert a out of files into a cassandra pdf .
truth: convert the first weight matrix of . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a loop list of dicts to represent the loop .
truth: build a list of templates from a position within a loop and a registery of templates . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   a

test:  load the entry from the group and return it as a direct object .
truth: return name entry point of group for dist or raise importerror . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  name   name

test:  is the state of a resources based on the configuration .
truth: determine if a load . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   null

test:  given a set of reference values and a set of reference values .
truth: given a set of reference values and a set of test values . 
test:  given   check
truth:  given   a

test:  yield http requests response object .
truth: return an iterator for a file-like object . 
test:  chunks   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the given activity type exists .
truth: raises invalid if there is no registered activity renderer for the given activity_type . 
test:  return   validate
truth:  raises   null

test:  queries the specified user for the specified user .
truth: authenticates the user/pwd/otp_entry combination . 
test:  null   a
truth:  authenticates   null

test:  returns the base type for given type .
truth: return the base type with name name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the configuration of the rpm environment cli example: .
truth: returns the environment of the device . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get transformed paths by key .
truth: get paths by key . 
test:  get   process
truth:  get   paths

test:  element-wise shape .
truth: returns the symbolic shape of a tensor or variable . 
test:  apply   square
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract all flags from a future response .
truth: return the compiler-flags associated with the future features that have been imported into the given namespace . 
test:  select   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true .
truth: return true is obj is a bpf super socket . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  a roundtrip to check that a course is available .
truth: check that import->export leaves the course the same . 
test:  null   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get all the items in dict whose values are csort .
truth: order-preserving sorting function . 
test:  pad   a
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  return a symbolic row variable .
truth: return a symbolic row variable . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test end a list generators .
truth: check that adding two hylists generates a hylist . 
test:  assert   test
truth:  check   check

test:  sends a delete request .
truth: sends a delete request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  split a pathname into a drive specification and the rest of the path .
truth: split a pathname into drive and path . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  update the glance metadata for a volume by adding a new key:value pair .
truth: update the glance metadata for a volume by adding new key:value pairs . 
test:  update   glance
truth:  update   update

test:  read the value in a python 2 .
truth: when arg is convertible to float . 
test:  null   null
truth:  arg   arg

test:  concatenated the external cache of a file .
truth: caching extracting category locations & rss feeds for 5 days . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  caching   null

test:  list all themes .
truth: display the list of the themes . 
test:  lists   print
truth:  display   display

test:  get the first non root_helper results for the given process .
truth: get all valid output directories for the core file and the report . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert keys to amount .
truth: convert a map from group -> counter name -> amount to a message similar to that printed by the hadoop binary . 
test:  wrap   access
truth:  convert   a

test:  check that the given credentials is valid .
truth: enforces authorization of some rules against credentials . 
test:  make   null
truth:  null   authorization

test:  repeat a 2d tensor along an axis of a given axis .
truth: repeat the elements of a tensor along an axis . 
test:  signed   a
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a list of all jail services cli example: .
truth: determine which packages own the currently running services . 
test:  execute   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  renders a template .
truth: renders a template . 
test:  function   a
truth:  renders   a

test:  returns a dict containing the restart mode for the current machine .
truth: parse the server/portal restart status args: restart_file : path to restart . 
test:  retrieves   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed event .
truth: notify a retweet . 
test:  notify   decorator
truth:  notify   a

test:  append a text to the tensorflow scope .
truth: append literal text to the scope but only if its not an empty string . 
test:  to   read
truth:  append   literal

test:  get the version of currently installed settings .
truth: get the vagrant version . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  create a clsid for the specified key .
truth: given a clsid for a server and option name . 
test:  is   a
truth:  given   a

test:  read tag tag from standard header .
truth: read amf l{message} header from the stream . 
test:  read   reader
truth:  read   amf

test:  expected inclusion_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_tag_without_context_parameter __doc__ . 
test:  tag   tag
truth:  expected   null

test:  translate a shell-like glob glob to a regular expression; return a string containing the regex .
truth: translate a shell-like glob pattern to a regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  formats a time using given format .
truth: formats a datetime . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  plist : plist rpar | plist .
truth: plist : plist comma pitem | pitem . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  return list of fields given a model path relative to model .
truth: return list of fields given path relative to model . 
test:  create   list
truth:  list   list

test:  reset to a warning by default .
truth: resets all of the vo warning state so that warnings that have already been emitted will be emitted again . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  return a dictionary mapping the real host information for the given scheme .
truth: return the real host for the given wsgi environment . 
test:  converts   metadata
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a random filename .
truth: returns a temporary file name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure that a package is installed .
truth: mark the package for install . 
test:  mark   package
truth:  mark   mark

test:  return an array .
truth: returns the array module for arguments . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify that a string is a valid cypher .
truth: verifies a string cypher with the public key key . 
test:  return   check
truth:  verifies   a

test:  decorator that checks if a user is associated to the current session .
truth: decorator that checks if the current user is a super admin . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  ever : commit dtype .
truth: coerce the indexer input array to the smallest dtype possible . 
test:  coerce   controller
truth:  coerce   null

test:  close a file descriptor to close the functionality for the current attached directory .
truth: close file descriptors that a child process should not inherit . 
test:  close   a
truth:  file   file

test:  call a function for param .
truth: show parameters . 
test:  setup   command
truth:  show   parameters

test:  decorator for filters which would support for asynchronous asynchronous .
truth: decorator preventing wrapped function from running more than once . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  write a textual tree to a stream .
truth: write the give list of entries into a stream using its write method . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  write   null

test:  return a boolean indicating whether the series/index matches the series/index .
truth: deprecated: find groups in each string in the series/index using passed regular expression . 
test:  count   map
truth:  find   find

test:  generate a custom custom uniquely from the given output from the custom custom data set .
truth: generate transcripts with speed = 1 . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  generate   transcripts

test:  returns the markup filter for the current request .
truth: returns a nice version for the current markup filters name . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  gets the user_id for a given username .
truth: gets the user settings for a given username . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  load the compiler compiler .
truth: load pyzmq compiler arguments . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   pyzmq

test:  load a npz object from a file .
truth: loads an object from the file in npz format . 
test:  read   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  similar to smart_bytes .
truth: similar to smart_bytes . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  wrap the given function inside a class .
truth: returns a callable object that will restore the current stackcontext when executed . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  drop database tables for all models with the given engine .
truth: drops database tables for all models with the given engine . 
test:  unregister   database
truth:  drops   database

test:  try to get the dropbox folder .
truth: try to locate the dropbox folder . 
test:  to   get
truth:  to   try

test:  without template but with a simple const_list .
truth: page rendered by template simple_examples/index3 . 
test:  format   view
truth:  rendered   page

test:  map the given mapper to the list of inputs .
truth: runs mapreduce on the inputs using mapper and reducer . 
test:  walk   version
truth:  runs   mapreduce

test:  extracts value from the given field name from the given provider .
truth: extracts value of the specified field from provider_location string . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  value   value

test:  test that the sample sample sample is correctly .
truth: visualize some samples from the trained unsupervised gsn . 
test:  test   function
truth:  visualize   null

test:  returns true if user is a contributor .
truth: return whether the user is in the registered as contributor group . 
test:  determine   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a tuple of length data .
truth: convert an array of characters from middle-endian to big-endian and vice-versa . 
test:  function   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  given an xml document .
truth: returns an iterator over pathway elements . 
test:  converts   parse
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the correct facet facet for a given facet .
truth: deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  return the html name for the given section .
truth: return a new section as html . 
test:  return   download
truth:  return   a

test:  return the class corresponding to the given object .
truth: return method class instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   method

test:  return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: .
truth: return the hardware address for a given interface cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator for tests with the current permission .
truth: class decorator for subclasses of publictask to sprinkle in re-usable permission checks:: @permission_check class mytask: def run_public: pass . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a lock to finish .
truth: if the write lock is there . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate a random enough of the given problem with the given svd of the remaining function .
truth: generate the initial . 
test:  generates   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a no-op way to wait until a particular value is loaded .
truth: run a single module function only if the watch statement calls it name the module function to execute **kwargs pass any arguments needed to execute the function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  run   a

test:  given a socket exception .
truth: given a socket exception . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return if the can transfered can transfered and return a new memberships or update .
truth: return if the project can be transfered to another member . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  test static a static static static static static static files .
truth: regression test for issue introduced by url and mentioned also here: url#issuecomment-51049969 where it appears that deprecated staticmethods didnt work on python 2 . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  handle a set of samples for a neighbor .
truth: compute sensor connectivity matrix . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  compute   sensor

test:  returns a list of null objects .
truth: returns a null list of remaining items derived from the total . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert filename to pathlist .
truth: convert a filename to a path entry suitable for a multi-file torrent file . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper method for creating the cli tool .
truth: the entry point for cloudsearch customizations . 
test:  null   response
truth:  null   entry

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: used for imports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  used   null

test:  remove the ssh key if it does not exist .
truth: this method removes a specified key from the accepted keys dir . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  null   method

test:  strand -> list arguments: s1 : the number of strings s1 an integer s1 .
truth: returns the binary and of the 2 provided strings s1 and s2 . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the generalized mean .
truth: make k-best chi2 selector . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  make   null

test:  return a dict with ports key names .
truth: get ports from database with security group info . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   ports

test:  set the current image .
truth: set the current image . 
test:  set   plots
truth:  set   set

test:  validates that the password uses passwords to change passwords from which to the password all the password .
truth: validate the format of the users password . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  converts any given object to a datetime object .
truth: returns a datetime or timestamp column value as a datetime object: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a url path .
truth: given a url path . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  run a command .
truth: run unit tests . 
test:  behave   run
truth:  run   unit

test:  returns a list of tmpfile supported by the local machine .
truth: returns true if o_tmpfile flag is supported . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the last uncovered of a different source .
truth: get the geometry output copy . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  traverse a tree .
truth: traverse a tree in breadth-first order . 
test:  control   a
truth:  traverse   a

test:  iterates over markdown .
truth: unescapes markdown-escaped text . 
test:  processing   markdown
truth:  unescapes   unescapes

test:  check the python source node .
truth: enforce a split in the list if the list ends with a comma . 
test:  using   returns
truth:  enforce   a

test:  converts the ip address from an integer into a display .
truth: opposite of classmethod2display . 
test:  parse   install
truth:  null   opposite

test:  converts to lowercase .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  to   string
truth:  string   string

test:  parse the iscsi line .
truth: parse the iscsi line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  compute bounding-box spline for each row of the matrix .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  strips   image
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test uninstalling a rollback repository .
truth: test uninstall-rollback . 
test:  uninstall   uninstall
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a text document .
truth: creates a text master document . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  gzip is a csv file and children of a csv file and children children .
truth: identify appropriate csv writer given the python version . 
test:  returns   method
truth:  identify   null

test:  check that a select and scipy are correctly .
truth: the distance-related tests that require scipy due to the cosmology module needing scipy integration routines . 
test:  to   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ensure that its possible to use as json .
truth: ensure that its possible to output a hug api method as prettified and indented json . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  get limited parameter and limit .
truth: return marker . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   marker

test:  calculate a few order statistic for a few statistic .
truth: approximations of uniform order statistic medians . 
test:  calculate   transform
truth:  null   null

test:  adds original and returns the numbers for the given unit .
truth: add support for converting units specified by unit_label to pixels to be used by converttopix mapping_func must have the function prototype: def mapping_func: # convert the input vertices . 
test:  log   server
truth:  support   support

test:  splits a list of array at breaks into a given array of breaks .
truth: split an array into a list of arrays at the given breaks . 
test:  split   utility
truth:  split   split

test:  decodes a unicode string passed in bytes .
truth: like the regular decode function but this one raises an httpunicodeerror if errors is strict . 
test:  unicode   decode
truth:  like   like

test:  gets the list of receivers for the given sender .
truth: get list of receivers from global tables this utility function allows you to retrieve the raw list of receivers from the connections table for the given sender and signal pair . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return a decorator for the specified content processor .
truth: decorator that registers the decorated function as a page processor for the given content model or slug . 
test:  domain   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a new block with these systems .
truth: returns the performance of a binary classification task as a tuple of : - tp: true positives = correct hits . 
test:  close   peer
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only load if the postgres module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the arounds from the loops .
truth: get the arounds from the loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if markdown is markdown .
truth: render an arbitrary markdown document . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  render   render

test:  return a job with a correct job id necessary to make sure the specified job id is necessary to make any necessary to make sure jids with a job is
truth: do any work necessary to prepare a jid . 
test:  null   null
truth:  do   null

test:  call the given operation on the datastore .
truth: evaluate the expression value from the numeric and operation evaluators . 
test:  call   null
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  stop all the specified target .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  null   null
truth:  stop   a

test:  return a list of names for the targets in the target list .
truth: generates a classpath file suitable for symbol navigation and code completion of java code by finding all . 
test:  generate   like
truth:  generates   a

test:  log response .
truth: log rewrite activity under control of routes . 
test:  log   null
truth:  rewrite   rewrite

test:  use the specified datacenter to set the active datacenter for the specified datacenter .
truth: enables public internet access for the specified public_lan . 
test:  set   check
truth:  enables   null

test:  converts all keys in dictionary to str type .
truth: takes a dictionary like {1:2 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test that mutlivaluedict .
truth: test plotting a drop log . 
test:  plotting   plotting
truth:  plotting   plotting

test:  fix the stride .
truth: fix the given stride for the slices step . 
test:  fix   x
truth:  fix   fix

test:  make sure every element of grouping is grouping .
truth: the output of the widgets branch is now wrapped in another layer to facilitate interop with the subparser structure old: widgets: [] new: widgets: {a: {} . 
test:  test   check
truth:  output   output

test:  runs the given command with the given arguments .
truth: run http-prompt from terminal . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  find if the passed in table is unique .
truth: find unique columns . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  pad or several data with a x encoded data x is consulted unlike out of the description of the data with the description of the result of the description is
truth: apply standard padding . 
test:  to   a
truth:  apply   standard

test:  manually progress string for the right tag .
truth: generate a progress bar string . 
test:  -   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the jabber notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  enumerates all of the files in the same directory .
truth: return a generator for routes that match the signature of the func parameter . 
test:  use   a
truth:  return   a

test:  combine the given list of strings into a list of strings .
truth: helper function for normal_ordered_form and normal_order: expand a power expression to a multiplication expression so that that the expression can be handled by the normal ordering functions . 
test:  adds   display
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a random tensor with shape and p .
truth: returns a tensor with binomlai distribution # arguments shape: a tuple of integers . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return an absolute path to a resource .
truth: processes a passed url . 
test:  wraps   url
truth:  processes   a

test:  get the current standby timeout of the current standby scheme cli example: .
truth: get the current standby timeout of the given scheme cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  makes an audio clip progressively progressively .
truth: return a sound clip where the sound fades out progressively over duration seconds at the end of the clip . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering .
truth: returns a lookup value prepared to be used in queryset filtering . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  builds all example directories from the example database .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generates   sample
truth:  generate   generate

test:  return the os-dependent file .
truth: return test data . 
test:  extract   get
truth:  test   test

test:  retrieve quota usage dirty bit for a given resource and tenant .
truth: return usage info for a given resource and tenant . 
test:  update   quota
truth:  usage   usage

test:  create a lag port for the lag .
truth: create a switchport object - lag . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  open a file thru the given mode .
truth: open a gzip-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  return the default deviation of the standard deviation of the standard deviation .
truth: returns the average standard deviation for a list of st devs input is a list of floats output is a single float value . 
test:  correlation   calculate
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for testing this module is not supported .
truth: doctest for testing template module . 
test:  doctest   doctest
truth:  doctest   doctest

test:  list all messages .
truth: list own . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  own   list

test:  location delete page .
truth: location delete page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes anything from text .
truth: removes the string remove from the left of text . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids .
truth: extract the labels into a vector of int64 label ids . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return information about the specified package(s) .
truth: helper function for info_installed() processes stdout output from a single invocation of opkg status . 
test:  remove   check
truth:  function   function

test:  add the given members for the given group .
truth: add members to the group . 
test:  add   remove
truth:  add   members

test:  decorator that marks a handler for a server .
truth: assert-like decorator that marks a function for use only on a distributed server . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  add a mapping of lines between "a" and optionally tree between .
truth: add blank lines before all elements and subelements specified in blank_before . 
test:  implement   null
truth:  add   add

test:  return true if *obj* is a type .
truth: predicate to check whether obj is a nltk . 
test:  get   a
truth:  to   predicate

test:  enters transaction management for a running thread .
truth: enters transaction management for a running thread . 
test:  enters   transaction
truth:  enters   transaction

test:  return the returned spectrogram .
truth: helper function to get relevant spectrogram . 
test:  run   get
truth:  function   function

test:  compare sampling and set-similarity .
truth: input checker utility for building a sampling in a user friendly way . 
test:  stores   check
truth:  input   checker

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  load a movie file .
truth: load a movie given an fsspec . 
test:  is   load
truth:  load   a

test:  return the shortcut associated with the current request .
truth: get keyboard shortcut . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   keyboard

test:  display the command and return a list of strings .
truth: return the exit status . 
test:  null   server
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string with all unencoded ampersands ampersands encoded correctly .
truth: returns the given html with all unencoded ampersands encoded correctly . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  indent the string to stdout .
truth: indent util function . 
test:  add   change
truth:  indent   indent

test:  creates a bidding strategy object .
truth: creates a bidding strategy object . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  add a tenant access list to the flavor access list .
truth: add a tenant to the given flavor access list . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns a dict of information on the system .
truth: provide grains about zpools . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  provide   grains

test:  attaches tidy to the current course .
truth: release the stored document object in the current thread . 
test:  release   replace
truth:  release   release

test:  return a dict with all the user keys in the given form .
truth: exposes: url url url url url url url use @auth . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  url   url

test:  setup the nest thermostat .
truth: set up a nest cam . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  del an attribute .
truth: delete the value of an attribute . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   delete

test:  edit check .
truth: change source string check flags . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  returns a dictionary of information about the pyzmq version .
truth: return the pyzmq version as a tuple of at least three numbers if pyzmq is a development version . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  return   return

test:  wrap request .
truth: add a processor to parse json request entities: the default processor places the parsed data into request . 
test:  request   null
truth:  add   a

test:  require a smartos package to be installed .
truth: require a node . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  return true if the frac{1}{1 is in the use of the array with the composite stack .
truth: returns c{true} if c{kexalgorithm} is an elliptic curve . 
test:  if   importer
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a numpy .
truth: returns a decoder for a float field . 
test:  normalizes   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  pretty print the filesize bytes .
truth: return humanly formatted sizes from bytes . 
test:  walk   bytes
truth:  return   return

test:  check that methods are exclusively by filesystem .
truth: check if an origin match cors allowed origins . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  load a image from a fits file .
truth: load an image from file . 
test:  handle   image
truth:  load   load

test:  horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero .
truth: horizontal sobel on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  null   sobel
truth:  null   sobel

test:  returns the script name for this process .
truth: returns script name from string possibly containing full path and parameters . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   script

test:  get the fallback value for a configuration file .
truth: get value from config object and return the value or false . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  value   value

test:  return a random string of the raw token .
truth: generates a generic oauth 2 token according to section 1 . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  check that the ports with ports are referenced by a report .
truth: portscan a target and output a latex table report_ports -> string . 
test:  report   =
truth:  null   a

test:  escape url as rfc 3986 .
truth: escape url as suggested by rfc 3986 . 
test:  url   url
truth:  url   url

test:  decorator to cause a method to be saved .
truth: method decorator that saves data to attribute . 
test:  bound   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection .
truth: no frills empirical cdf used in fdrcorrection . 
test:  null   factor
truth:  null   frills

test:  given a multi-dimensional array .
truth: iterate a structure by dilating it with itself . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  iterate   a

test:  get the default text .
truth: get the text until the last dot . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  same as a[b] .
truth: same as a[b] . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  penn treebank vocabulary .
truth: load ptb raw data from data directory "data_path" . 
test:  if   a
truth:  load   load

test:  does the opposite for the first line of the category line .
truth: return true if the line does only consist of whitespace characters . 
test:  find   in
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path names .
truth: returns a tuple containing the paths names . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the size of a field name .
truth: extract the size number from a "varchar" type name . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  this sends the osf index page .
truth: index handler . 
test:  send   null
truth:  index   handler

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) - . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  perform a leastsq leastsq for a course .
truth: solve for least squares with levenberg-marquardt options col_deriv : bool non-zero to specify that the jacobian function computes derivatives down the columns . 
test:  null   push
truth:  solve   solve

test:  sets a function for a user to represent the default size of the function .
truth: decorator to cache the result of functions that take a user and a size value . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  set location option .
truth: sets the location variable in the parser to the filename in question . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  merge a dictionary into a dictionary .
truth: merge one or more dicts into one . 
test:  update   null
truth:  merge   one

test:  check if a user exists return true if a user exists .
truth: check if user exists return if a new user was created . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   check

test:  process starting a python process .
truth: test simply starting a process . 
test:  starting   start
truth:  test   test

test:  ensure that the salt api is systemd .
truth: the main function for salt-api . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  cast object to json .
truth: method for casting string to an object or array . 
test:  cast   method
truth:  null   method

test:  list principal policies cli example: .
truth: list the policies attached to the given principal . 
test:  list   service
truth:  list   list

test:  convert an visible descriptor to its corresponding low-level value .
truth: returns if the object is visible to nonstaff users . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  if   returns

test:  turn all keyword arguments into one .
truth: retrieve keywords from guessed informations . 
test:  get   helper
truth:  retrieve   keywords

test:  writes a file with the specified shape and returns the values .
truth: writes the sparse or dense array a to matrix market file-like target . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  clear the c component for a yyyy-mm-dd .
truth: running in python will cause a segfault . 
test:  escapes   x
truth:  running   in

test:  check that the name is a valid mime archive file .
truth: check if file is a rar file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  display information about the version of the python dictionary .
truth: return the python version . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  create a gtk gtk dictionary for a gtk .
truth: formatd is a dictionary mapping dtype name -> mlab . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  is   formatd

test:  routing area update request section 9 .
truth: routing area update reject section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  routing   area

test:  helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object .
truth: helper function for prefetch_related_objects runs prefetches on all instances using the prefetcher object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  cubic variance of a matrix .
truth: a cubic b-spline . 
test:  null   timestamp
truth:  null   a

test:  decorate a function with a given attribute .
truth: this decorator is used to specify a customattribute for a type or method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the gate and end of the array .
truth: evaluate the expression value . 
test:  get   find
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  run a specific repository from the server import .
truth: apply gofmt to modified files applies gofmt to the modified files in the repository that match the given patterns . 
test:  is   waits
truth:  apply   apply

test:  export a csv file .
truth: export data import template with data for doctype . 
test:  null   a
truth:  export   data

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure a sysrc service is enabled .
truth: list a job only if its enabled . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  list   a

test:  install the given virtual machine id .
truth: install a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  report the current contents of the pr .
truth: information about celery installation for bug reports . 
test:  command   back
truth:  null   information

test:  get the cluster id for the given cluster .
truth: helper function to retrieve the id and output bucket of a cluster by name . 
test:  name   reference
truth:  function   function

test:  gather all elements of c{inode} .
truth: visit each child node and collect its text data . 
test:  arrays   a
truth:  visit   visit

test:  make a websupport parameter .
truth: excess_keyword and excess_positional must be either 1 or 0 . 
test:  create   name
truth:  null   null

test:  remove identation .
truth: safely clean all whitespace at the left of a paragraph . 
test:  cleans   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  get the separate inset inset loops .
truth: get extra loops between inside and outside loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a boolean .
truth: return a boolean for value . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  return   a

test:  test whether a field is a valid accentuated or g1_node .
truth: test whether two stat buffers reference the same file . 
test:  test   return
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the requested content back in the requested response .
truth: returns the requested content back in unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  run the glut event loop by processing pending events only .
truth: run the pyglet event loop by processing pending events only . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  initialize the db .
truth: initializes the database . 
test:  to   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  retrieve full gateway for the repository .
truth: return the ssh_gateway configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of existing figure that can be used in a new figure .
truth: get a reference to the current figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a list of redis connection from linux .
truth: returns a strictredis instance from a dictionary of settings . 
test:  returns   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  detects image in the file .
truth: detects labels in the file . 
test:  detects   modules
truth:  labels   labels

test:  constructs a regextokenizer from a document_pb .
truth: convert an any protobuf into the actual class . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  analyzes the analysis arguments: tex_root -- the tex root as a string .
truth: returns an analysis of the document using a cache use this method if you want a fast result and dont mind if there are small changes between the analysis and the usage . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  restful crud for the catalog .
truth: resource header for catalogs . 
test:  function   header
truth:  header   header

test:  combine data points from numpy array with right following zzz components .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  import   m
truth:  left   null

test:  check for log methods .
truth: check no hyphen at the end of rand_name() argument t108 . 
test:  check   send
truth:  check   no

test:  decodes a serialized serialized serialized serialized format and deserializes it works .
truth: deserialize the value returned from signed_serialize . 
test:  -   a
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  create an empty media list .
truth: create an empty media list . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  make sure python objects are safe for inclusion in python 2 .
truth: returns python objects for the given json string . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  returns   python

test:  return a list of the available kernel module cli example: .
truth: return a list of the loaded module names cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  this tests that saving some empty lines .
truth: if this test ever fails randomly . 
test:  using   multiple
truth:  if   null

test:  intercept decorator .
truth: function decorator that intercepts exceptions and translates them into api-specific errors . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  retrieve privileges for the expression; to be used .
truth: validate the supplied privileges . 
test:  null   current
truth:  validate   validate

test:  prepare a single icon from a series of variables .
truth: outputs a posix compliant shell command that will put the data specified by the dictionary into the environment . 
test:  outputs   null
truth:  outputs   a

test:  check that the total status of the browser is port .
truth: quit the browser after executing the tests . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  quit   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create an cinderblockdeviceapi for use by tests .
truth: create a cinderblockdeviceapi instance for use in tests . 
test:  create   backend
truth:  create   a

test:  initialize the south sigmoid for the given dataset .
truth: returns b such that sigmoid(b) has the same marginals as the data . 
test:  generates   alignment
truth:  returns   b

test:  process a file .
truth: helper for killing off remaining live subprocesses . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  returns a new length of a sequence .
truth: creates a new com collection object this function creates a new com server that implements the common collection protocols . 
test:  establish   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  parses an http header string .
truth: same as parse_http_date . 
test:  to   parses
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the average precision at k for track 1 of the 2012 of the 2012 modulo of the 2012 kind .
truth: computes the average precision at k . 
test:  computes   returns
truth:  computes   null

test:  retrieve a repo tag .
truth: resolves the docker repo:tag notation and returns repo name and tag . 
test:  walk   null
truth:  resolves   resolves

test:  check for <cast> purposes .
truth: returns true if original is changed to wanted with the edit commands in cmds . 
test:  ask   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  handle command line flag and flag parameters .
truth: process one link . 
test:  link   text
truth:  process   one

test:  create an imageproperty object .
truth: create an imagemember object . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  interface to git-rm(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev revision to the mercurial repository rev any additional options to add to the command line .
truth: interface to git-rebase(1)_ cwd the path to the git checkout rev : master the revision to rebase onto the current branch opts any additional options to add to the command line . 
test:  to   interface
truth:  to   interface

test:  print the best alias .
truth: prints alias for current shell . 
test:  display   a
truth:  prints   alias

test:  test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using satisfied links .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest already satisfied using find-links . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  test that bootstrapping gives multiarg .
truth: test that bootstrap works with multiple input arrays . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  checks if a string is a valid format for being a iterable of numbers .
truth: detect parquet from magic header bytes . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  detect   parquet

test:  convert the integer type(s) to a method .
truth: convert an integer to a list of methods . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  calculates the rms of a list of images based on input 1 .
truth: calculate the per-pixel errors . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  helper function to extract the alignment region from the alignment .
truth: helper function for the main parsing code . 
test:  extract   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test if a url is remote .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  check   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  cleans the securedrop .
truth: remove apk and dex files cached by drozer . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   apk

test:  automatically remove a message and exit from the given log .
truth: print an error log message . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  runs a wsgi-function with a fastcgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi function as an scgi server . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  a coroutine to log each file which will be imported .
truth: a coroutine to log each file to be imported . 
test:  if   coroutine
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  test registering a simple view with a pair of hint .
truth: the message height should increase with more messages . 
test:  make   generator
truth:  null   message

test:  get the login token .
truth: returns the token value for a clientlogintoken . 
test:  extracts   line
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends a message on a topic .
truth: publishes a message to a pub/sub topic with the given data . 
test:  confirm   a
truth:  null   a

test:  make a user who .
truth: an author structure . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  null   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  log patchsets to export a patchsets :class:~kivy .
truth: group contiguous revision selection into patchsets exists to handle multi-selection . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  null   group

test:  merge two dicts by d1 .
truth: merges two dictionaries . 
test:  merge   merge
truth:  merges   null

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: only load this module if neutron is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   return
truth:  load   load

test:  test that download and download the download datasets .
truth: test that fetch_mldata is able to download and cache a data set . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey .
truth: do the actual removal of back reference from receiver to senderkey . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  do   null

test:  authentication for urllib2 .
truth: returns a authentication handler . 
test:  function   requires
truth:  returns   a

test:  update proj .
truth: deal with changed proj . 
test:  update   null
truth:  deal   null

test:  resets the module attempts to zero or any of the given problem .
truth: reset the number of attempts on a studentmodule . 
test:  reset   put
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns the path to the last registration file or matching the current user .
truth: finds the appropriate socket file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  finds   null

test:  check whether a directory in subjects_dir is a mri subject directory .
truth: check whether an mri subject has a file matching the bem pattern . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get the hash value for the given value .
truth: compute the hash of the given value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output . 
test:  sets   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  retrieve freebsd records from freebsd .
truth: returns set of ipv4 host addresses of remote established connections on local tcp port port . 
test:  null   null
truth:  set   set

test:  update the first job with the provided status .
truth: update import job status . 
test:  updates   lists
truth:  import   import

test:  decorator that makes sure a function is run in a transaction .
truth: given that the output manager has been migrated into a producer/consumer model . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  given   null

test:  trims single entry at the beginning of a line .
truth: helper function replace an entry in a string by the field number . 
test:  to   parses
truth:  function   function

test:  converts a string to a port number .
truth: this function converts between a packed port number to an integer . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  this function is xss against xss .
truth: method to analyze if a site is protected against xss vulns type using csp policies . 
test:  decorates   decode
truth:  to   method

test:  same as line_search_wolfe1 .
truth: same as line_search_wolfe1 . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   null

test:  runs a wsgi-function with a fastcgi server .
truth: helper method to start the modbus async udp server . 
test:  null   runs
truth:  null   method

test:  benchmark information on the dataset .
truth: run the whole benchmark . 
test:  evaluate   config
truth:  run   run

test:  decorator to version of functions that are valid .
truth: decorator that makes sure every argument passed in that is a string-esque type is turned into a unicode object . 
test:  stack   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  put all the published posts into the list of blog posts .
truth: put a list of authors for blog posts into the template context . 
test:  put   a
truth:  put   a

test:  check that all discrete discrete discrete variables .
truth: check that vars not include discrete variables . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return the localectl .
truth: use systemds localectl command to set the lang locale parameter . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  use   use

test:  return a cast based on the cast type .
truth: determines the callable which will perform the cast given a string representation of the type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  verify that the given flow matches the given criteria .
truth: checks if flow can be started without a client id . 
test:  if   replacement
truth:  if   checks

test:  obtain a single document from a path .
truth: given input_path . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test reading a went .
truth: test reading and writing of bem surfaces and solutions . 
test:  test   io
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to add domain to a simple wrapper around a handler .
truth: decorate a function that returns a pyll expressions so that it becomes a domain instance instead of a function example: @domain_constructor def f: return {loss: hp . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  decorate   a

test:  converts an exception instance to a plain error message .
truth: converts a canonical error code into a datastore_errors . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  test socket .
truth: test socket timeout validator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  socket   socket

test:  returns a hash of the css of a given css document .
truth: returns a hash of css selectors . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract resources from a resource .
truth: detect correct entry type from resource and instantiate . 
test:  given   null
truth:  correct   correct

test:  lists all zones for a given project .
truth: lists all zones . 
test:  existing   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  encode the hash of bytes for bytes .
truth: returns a string representing the object hash . 
test:  encodes   message
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a numpy .
truth: compute exponentials which safely underflow to zero . 
test:  is   information
truth:  compute   compute

test:  revert pseudo-quotient to a polynomial in a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: compute f** mod x**n using newton iteration . 
test:  modifies   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  checks for valid dna characters .
truth: checks for valid dna characters in barcode field also flags empty fields as errors unless flags are passed to suppress barcode or primer checks . 
test:  checks   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  iterates over all values of an iterator .
truth: yield unique elements from seq as an iterator . 
test:  do   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  filelink: calling _repr_html_ functions as expected on existing filepath .
truth: filelink: calling repr() functions as expected on existing filepath . 
test:  test   null
truth:  calling   calling

test:  view function which handles an email .
truth: confirms an email address with a confirmation key . 
test:  allow   factory
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a normalized string representing a normalized unit unit .
truth: normalize time input to one of year . 
test:  normalize   scale
truth:  time   time

test:  set decoded video chroma and dimensions .
truth: set decoded video chroma and dimensions . 
test:  decoded   set
truth:  decoded   set

test:  check that a portage package is present .
truth: return whether or not package is installed . 
test:  if   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the network device zones .
truth: zone configuration . 
test:  renders   attempts
truth:  null   configuration

test:  create the pid .
truth: create and verify pid file . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  encode a single file with the given filename and return a base64 encoded string .
truth: visualize object code . 
test:  read   read
truth:  object   object

test:  checks if a string is valid .
truth: detects if a scriptlet is urlencoded . 
test:  does   null
truth:  if   null

test:  loads the bilinear kernel .
truth: compute 1d kernel for bilinear upsampling this function builds the 1d kernel that can be used to upsample a tensor by the given ratio using bilinear interpolation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return color scheme .
truth: get a color scheme from config using its name . 
test:  get   syntax
truth:  get   a

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if mdata-delete is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade any followers to do as tar .
truth: upgrade bill bill valide for valide_days from today . 
test:  pull   instances
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  only work on gentoo systems with gentoolkit installed .
truth: virtual service only on systems using runit as init process . 
test:  check   work
truth:  null   service

test:  test whether a layer is mlp correctly .
truth: creates a compositelayer wrapping two softmax layers and ensures that state gets correctly picked apart . 
test:  test   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  return a list of urls that were last updated by the user .
truth: for each url in the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  make master to the master to the master .
truth: set this redis instance as a slave . 
test:  ip   a
truth:  set   set

test:  add a url to campaign .
truth: add the utm_* tracking parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  set the carving .
truth: parse svg text and store the layers . 
test:  null   loop
truth:  parse   svg

test:  convert a k[x] polynomial to a dict .
truth: convert k[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  waits for a filename to finish .
truth: blocks until receives a msg addressed to share or timeout return msg or none if timed out delay is sleep time between services . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  colorize ansi escape .
truth: colorize message by wrapping it with ansi escape codes :type msg: str or unicode . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  colorize   message

test:  remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context .
truth: remove search options that are not valid for non-admin api/context . 
test:  specified   search
truth:  search   search

test:  returns dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: .
truth: return dataframe code : name : odate: tdate: . 
test:  dataframe   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  return the file path for given project .
truth: load a docker-compose project from path . 
test:  to   load
truth:  load   a

test:  make matched text file .
truth: make matched text upper case . 
test:  matched   null
truth:  matched   null

test:  submit a row of buttons which displays the past row .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  returns a dict of files to a bucket .
truth: looks for all the files in the s3 bucket cache metadata . 
test:  find   a
truth:  looks   null

test:  stop a new formula rule .
truth: conditional formatting with custom differential style . 
test:  to   obj
truth:  formatting   formatting

test:  return true if we are connect to any of the given source .
truth: return true if any output from source_node can be connected to any input of sink_node . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  call the correct dialect-specific upgrade .
truth: call the correct dialect-specific upgrade . 
test:  call   call
truth:  call   call

test:  returns true if the promo preliminary is for the given end .
truth: return if results are preliminary for this promotion . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  if   return

test:  prints a list of datum .
truth: utility for printing a datum . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  null   utility

test:  delete the signal .
truth: we actually want to exit . 
test:  runs   perls
truth:  null   null

test:  delete the group specs item .
truth: delete the given group specs item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  list all services on the s_out .
truth: return a list of cluster of postgres server . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  list available features to list cli example: .
truth: list the locally installed overlays . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  mark a task as complete for a task .
truth: wait for a vcenter task to finish . 
test:  wait   task
truth:  wait   null

test:  decodes a unicode string by a default character .
truth: convert a unicode string to "safe" ascii/latin-1 characters . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  save list of all calibration files .
truth: save our image in the calibration set . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  like _simplesizer .
truth: replacement for built-in strftime this is necessary because of the way py2 handles date format strings . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   replacement

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong classifier object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while wrong objects are provided at the initialization . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform a shell command with a given argument .
truth: call and print command . 
test:  function   section
truth:  call   call

test:  return the exception object that is a trailing python source code .
truth: return exception information: - the exceptions class name; - the exception object; - the name of the file containing the offending code; - the line number of the offending code; - the function name of the offending code . 
test:  to   method
truth:  exception   exception

test:  format a list of changes to a single changes .
truth: format the changes dict based on what the data is . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  format   format

test:  parses an alert logger .
truth: expecting lines like this: 2012-05-14 12:46:01 [error] - host0 is down . 
test:  parse   type
truth:  null   lines

test:  it should extract the actual tags from the background tags .
truth: it should correctly parse and ignore tags between the background and first step . 
test:  checks   check
truth:  null   null

test:  return the hmm matrix that can be used with the given hmm .
truth: checks parameters for pairwise alignment . 
test:  find   function
truth:  checks   parameters

test:  test that we can slugify a full-text slugify .
truth: test the slugify helper method . 
test:  make   null
truth:  test   test

test:  runs the versioned document with the provided document and parses the correct document .
truth: returns an old document if appropriate . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  if key is present in dict and determine what key needs to be present in key provided .
truth: if key is present in dict kw . 
test:  update   key
truth:  if   key

test:  rgb to rgb color space conversion .
truth: sgi image library . 
test:  null   image
truth:  null   image

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stops   service
truth:  stop   stop

test:  set proxy facts if not already present in facts dict args: facts : facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated facts if not already present facts if
truth: set global proxy facts args: facts: existing facts returns: facts: updated facts with missing values . 
test:  calculate   correct
truth:  set   set

test:  declare that package packagename is a namespace package .
truth: declare that package packagename is a namespace package . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  declare   null

test:  check if a process with the given pid exists .
truth: use os facilities to determine if a process is running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  use   os

test:  performs entities with a given request .
truth: for displaying results . 
test:  select   null
truth:  displaying   null

test:  test that multicolumn strings columns columns in the html strings are properly strings for strings i .
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns with correctly replaced fill_values . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a mysql user exists .
truth: check if a postgresql user exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  redirect to project/create .
truth: redirect to req/create . 
test:  to   redirect
truth:  to   redirect

test:  this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag .
truth: this function does the rollback itself and resets the dirty flag . 
test:  function   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return disk format size data .
truth: turn number of bytes into human-readable str . 
test:  return   disk
truth:  turn   number

test:  return a job for the given job .
truth: get the path to the job file corresponding to a job object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  a memoize method to cause a function to a function .
truth: standard memoization decorator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   standard

test:  update a user cli examples: .
truth: update a users password cli examples: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns otu taxa table based on otu sample sample table .
truth: opens and returns taxon summaries parameters sample_ids . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  a context manager that raises a given file or a file .
truth: yield name of file from the given resource . 
test:  context   a
truth:  name   name

test:  get a azure path with the given description .
truth: load the web server instance for a given instance or description . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  load   load

test:  return a context manager that return the given source with the given name .
truth: convert an error into a different error type . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds an authhandler to the given type .
truth: find the first checker factory that supports the given authtype . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   find

test:  try to find out the version of the user .
truth: try to get the git commit id and timestamp by calling git . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   try

test:  maps keys for snapshots summary view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots summary view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  encrypts a message with the private key .
truth: generate an m2crypto-compatible signature . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns the quake2 evaluator .
truth: extracts a proxyconfig . 
test:  returns   factory
truth:  extracts   a

test:  add a fragment and/or query paramaters to a url .
truth: add a fragment and/or query parameters to a url . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  test that selectionchanged is expected for a predicate .
truth: corresponds to "getting started" section in the docs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  convert a json managed dataset to the native object .
truth: convert a json dataset to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable .
truth: this will store the language information dictionary for the given language code in a context variable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  updates cache when a comment is saved .
truth: update related unit comment flags . 
test:  log   signal
truth:  related   update

test:  returns a constructed from an http response with no arguments .
truth: sometimes it is necessary to set additional headers in a view . 
test:  creates   application
truth:  null   null

test:  update the current project .
truth: update the version information for twisted and all subprojects to the date-based version number . 
test:  to   update
truth:  update   update

test:  badrule : specifier_qualifier_list abstract_declarator_opt .
truth: bad&rule : expression . 
test:  null   enumerator
truth:  null   bad&rule

test:  convert a relative to the nearest levels string .
truth: convert relative sls reference into absolute . 
test:  return   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  extracts volume info from pickleability and coffee them .
truth: helper for extracting volume info from a mgz file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  test that the test set .
truth: this is much like test_ctypes_gen except that the ctypes calls are in a function . 
test:  make   test
truth:  is   null

test:  run command and return its output .
truth: run a shell command . 
test:  command   command
truth:  run   a

test:  return the list of zones for this region .
truth: retrieve the list of availability zones for region . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a dictionary with the padded and the arguments .
truth: given the command line options . 
test:  function   options
truth:  given   null

test:  compute square-free part of a polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: return square-free part of a gf(p)[x] polynomial . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the path to use for pip .
truth: return the arguments required to invoke pip . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return the current version of the given version .
truth: children: list of descriptors returns the children list with each member version-agnostic . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  given a name .
truth: return the value of learner . 
test:  returns   restart
truth:  return   return

test:  given a context .
truth: a decorator that must be applied to functions that call context() . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the cached standard error of the given axis .
truth: filter data along one dimension using cascaded second-order sections filter a data sequence . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  filter   data

test:  test the value of a python command .
truth: test that module imports are necessary . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  test   test

test:  displays a single header line .
truth: format and print header block sized to length of line . 
test:  print   a
truth:  format   format

test:  ensure that the data from the config file exists .
truth: undo all file changes that happened between num_pre and num_post . 
test:  edit   a
truth:  undo   undo

test:  helper function converts a string into a regular expression .
truth: str1(s) is an re which matches the literal string |s| . 
test:  null   null
truth:  is   null

test:  open a command in a subshell .
truth: executes specified command for the given action . 
test:  execute   enable
truth:  specified   null

test:  finds comments in image2array mode .
truth: look for a meta http-equiv tag with the yadis header name . 
test:  find   null
truth:  look   null

test:  quoted quoted .
truth: wraps a string in double quotes escaping contents as necessary . 
test:  null   quote
truth:  wraps   a

test:  return the scaling of the normal bound to the given probability .
truth: returns the z for which p = probability . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a thing for safe use as a subscription .
truth: format the custom assertion message given . 
test:  replace   string
truth:  format   format

test:  raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available .
truth: raise resourcedenied if the specified resource is not available . 
test:  raise   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  test mne report .
truth: test mne report . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mne

test:  runner runner .
truth: runs the importer . 
test:  null   display
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the current numeric identifier .
truth: returns the computers network name an empty string is returned if the value cannot be determined . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the database to show a database connection with a new group .
truth: returns a list of releases in a release group . 
test:  get   release
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute contiguous regions for contiguous .
truth: return a list of such that mask[ind0:ind1] . 
test:  reconstruct   null
truth:  return   a

test:  create a bundle bundle with the given bundle and add it to the given private bundle .
truth: create osc message and append it to a given bundle . 
test:  append   a
truth:  create   osc

test:  known the list of paths to find a remote file .
truth: find and register a package . 
test:  setup   target
truth:  find   find

test:  compute content and the degree of f .
truth: return the degree of f in the given variable . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  aroon oscillator .
truth: midpoint price over period . 
test:  null   movement
truth:  null   price

test:  returns a list of all the weighers .
truth: return a list of weight plugin classes found in this directory . 
test:  existing   return
truth:  return   a

test:  compare versions using a version number .
truth: compares two version numbers . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compares   null

test:  dummy limits for dummy variables parameters limits : array-like data for batches batches batches : array-like data for continuous batches .
truth: start and endpoints of groups in a sorted dummy variable array helper function for nested categories examples . 
test:  estimate   validate
truth:  start   start

test:  returns a time represented as returned by a string .
truth: returns time in seconds since epoch of time represented by a string . 
test:  time   convert
truth:  time   time

test:  from timeseries and returns a timeseries that encodes the result of three average .
truth: this is a utility function used to calculate the average of the last three datapoints in the series as a measure . 
test:  handle   summary
truth:  is   null

test:  convert string values to a tuple that is .
truth: parse k1 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  parse   k1

test:  format a number formatted for human readable format .
truth: return the given number formatted for a specific locale . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  remove tags from a resource .
truth: remove tags from an elasticache resource . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   tags

test:  create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there .
truth: create all the empty directories under base_dir needed to put files there . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  compute the normalized normalized normalized phase for a binary image .
truth: compute normalized phase angles . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  normalized   compute

test:  note: must be used as a helper function that converts the type to the numba type .
truth: convert a json ovsdb return value to native python object . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  read data from a binary file .
truth: read data from the file-object using the given encoding . 
test:  read   get
truth:  read   data

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: always load . 
test:  validate   default
truth:  load   load

test:  adds unique id to the original id .
truth: add unique_id for checking duplicate messages . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  add   add

test:  given a flavor and an instance type .
truth: create a new instance type . 
test:  creates   running
truth:  create   a

test:  similar to dispatchwithevents .
truth: this view returns kmz for the given app label . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  view   view

test:  set the audio output for the current audio .
truth: selects an audio output module . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  selects   null

test:  test that installing a requirements file using a requirements file .
truth: make sure installing the same hashed sdist twice doesnt throw hash mismatch errors . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a path to a binary path .
truth: convert a python string to a :py:class:bytes string identifying the same path and which can be passed into an openssl api accepting a filename . 
test:  unicode   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  project embed view shows a project for project .
truth: have a content api placeholder . 
test:  project   version
truth:  have   a

test:  formats a time according to the given format .
truth: formats a time according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return true if data is encrypted .
truth: test if this is vault encrypted data blob :arg data: a byte or text string to test whether it is recognized as vault encrypted data :returns: true if it is recognized . 
test:  return   null
truth:  if   test

test:  remove an iis binding .
truth: remove an iis binding . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the available sdk sdk .
truth: return the directory of the current osx sdk . 
test:  returns   info
truth:  return   return

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: unpause a gcode linear move file . 
test:  comb   a
truth:  unpause   a

test:  get the purchase for the purchase .
truth: get average value of serial numbers . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   average

test:  returns a single choice of the provided package .
truth: returns a choiceloader . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  reset the notifications by the current thread .
truth: zap everything here . 
test:  multiprocessing   current
truth:  null   everything

test:  return the snapshot to a snapshot .
truth: attempt to convert a snapshot id to a snapshot name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return a theano copy of the original code for each graph .
truth: transform sympy expressions into theano computation . 
test:  list   null
truth:  sympy   sympy

test:  return text in text .
truth: return the unicode representation of text in the given encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the trimmed standard error of the mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  calculates   variance
truth:  computes   null

test:  get a certificate from a certificate .
truth: builds an object that trusts multiple root l{certificate}s . 
test:  retrieve   attempts
truth:  builds   null

test:  data -> gzip encoded data decode data -> gzip encoded string as described in rfc 1952 .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value .
truth: if the value is undefined it will return the passed default value . 
test:  get   null
truth:  if   null

test:  detect the default list of function type for a given class .
truth: function type . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  function   type

test:  if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start .
truth: if an indent is followed by a thing with a prefix then nuke the prefix otherwise we get in trouble when removing __metaclass__ at suite start . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  get all namespaces .
truth: get a namespaces list . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist and if boto libraries are greater than a given version . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  use the test class to create a test with the log .
truth: make fake syslog . 
test:  create   null
truth:  fake   fake

test:  returns the path of the user that matches the given pattern .
truth: tries to find the gs installed by texlive . 
test:  get   return
truth:  to   null

test:  return the platform name .
truth: return this platforms string for platform-specific distributions xxx currently this is the same as distutils . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sends mail on a jinja template with autoescaping turned off .
truth: sends mail using a jinja template with autoescaping turned off . 
test:  email   a
truth:  mail   mail

test:  unload the input data in the current format .
truth: unloads the context for the thread . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  entry point for starting an email address .
truth: run appscale-get-token script . 
test:  point   a
truth:  run   run

test:  extract the regionalize layout from a given language code .
truth: returns a list of rfc-5646 language-region codes for the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  return the database connection to the db .
truth: returns a properly configured sqlite database connection . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  returns   a

test:  show the details of an instance .
truth: get details about a machine . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   details

test:  returns a handler that wraps the prefix of all assigned to a function .
truth: returns a content in a different format based on the prefix placed at the end of the url route should pass in a dict with the following format: {[prefix]: action . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make a custom console instance for the development .
truth: this function sets up a very simple logging configuration that is useful for troubleshooting . 
test:  logging   null
truth:  function   function

test:  get a reservation or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a reservation or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  get   return
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return true if *uri* can be parsed into an *uri* .
truth: return true if *uri* can be parsed into an s3 uri . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create an instance .
truth: returns context of the parent execution . 
test:  call   context
truth:  context   context

test:  used to determine if the model is of the given instance .
truth: returns true if the given db . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  ensure that the var is present .
truth: return if the signature of a rpm file is valid . 
test:  send   a
truth:  if   return

test:  extracts the text from a fits file .
truth: gets and indexes the text that was detected in the image . 
test:  is   text
truth:  gets   null

test:  detaches and return the vm with the vm .
truth: reconfigure a vm according to the config spec . 
test:  lists   waits
truth:  null   a

test:  write html file .
truth: write pie charts into an html file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   pie

test:  output from successful command execution or none .
truth: output from successful command execution or none . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  write the given files to the given directory .
truth: append relative paths to items into m3u file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  append   append

test:  given a series of average along the moving series and input values for each series .
truth: a timeseries is anomalous if the absolute value of the average of the latest three datapoint minus the moving average is greater than three standard deviations of the moving average . 
test:  to   timeseries
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return hosts .
truth: return hosts pretty name . 
test:  return   user
truth:  return   hosts

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  get the spherical distance .
truth: get the complex polar by degrees . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get a languages title with a title .
truth: returns dictionary title . 
test:  to   open
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  reads a given file and returns a mcr object .
truth: return contents of file . 
test:  read   get
truth:  return   contents

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  check whether every object is a list of unproxy and is of objects .
truth: returns the unproxied version of the object . 
test:  get   object
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove file and file entry . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  file   file

test:  get pillar output by loops .
truth: get melded pillar output . 
test:  get   pillar
truth:  get   get

test:  view a sample to the latest sample data for a given document .
truth: extract a code sample from a document and render it as a standalone html document . 
test:  null   a
truth:  extract   a

test:  determine if the backup backup a request backup is supported .
truth: this method will determine if cinder supports backup . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  null   method

test:  connect to aws lambda :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws key management service :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  test instsource .
truth: test surfacesource . 
test:  test   indentation
truth:  test   test

test:  import all submodules .
truth: import all submodules and register them in the context namespace . 
test:  import   import
truth:  import   import

test:  expose the function .
truth: expose the function . 
test:  to   use
truth:  expose   null

test:  add the data for a given dashboard of a list of titles .
truth: pin rows to the top of the dashboard . 
test:  grab   check
truth:  rows   rows

test:  read text from a file .
truth: reads the contens of a text file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  reads   null

test:  first item from the iterable .
truth: return first n items of the iterable as a list . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  publish ids to html .
truth: renders html from an rst fragment . 
test:  translates   predicate
truth:  renders   html

test:  decorator to count calls to the function .
truth: checks whether a func has been decorated with @add_arg_scope or not . 
test:  function   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  helper to run code in nominated namespace .
truth: helper for _run_module_code . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  makes the clip fade at progressively progressively .
truth: makes the clip fade in progressively at its own end . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  read a piece of an address from a string .
truth: returns the address from the socks socket . 
test:  read   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make a pil .
truth: given an array like . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   null

test:  coupling of the tool_dependency layer .
truth: coupling with channel-wise splitting . 
test:  coupling   null
truth:  coupling   null

test:  test function to check if a given domain is a valid domain name .
truth: returns false if point p is infinite or any subexpression of f is infinite or becomes so after replacing symbol with p . 
test:  checks   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  unflag page .
truth: unflag an available flag types object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  yaml: build-user-vars set pending build matrix .
truth: yaml: matrix-tie-parent tie parent to a node . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a filename and an array .
truth: reconstruct an array view on a memory mapped file . 
test:  given   null
truth:  reconstruct   null

test:  set the display value of the displayer instance .
truth: set the displayer . 
test:  parsing   location
truth:  set   set

test:  check a method to make sure the status code works .
truth: checks whether result is a valid api response . 
test:  function   message
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of lists for sin**2 .
truth: remove subtensor of the form x[0 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return a boolean indicating whether each string in the series/index .
truth: find all occurrences of pattern or regular expression in the series/index . 
test:  return   a
truth:  find   find

test:  check whether the prng has been seeded with enough status .
truth: check whether the prng has been seeded with enough data . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  local noise noise .
truth: noise feature . 
test:  filter   greyscale
truth:  noise   feature

test:  search for recordings with an puid <url .
truth: search for recordings with a :musicbrainz:puid . 
test:  search   search
truth:  search   search

test:  deprecated - use new helper method c{l{originaltextfor}} .
truth: helper parse action to preserve original parsed text . 
test:  -   -
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return a list of paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set up a stubs .
truth: setup the api stubs . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  setup   setup

test:  draw a histogram window with the specified numpy image .
truth: draw a 2d texture to the current viewport parameters tex : instance of texture2d the texture to draw . 
test:  draw   function
truth:  draw   a

test:  test pip install show divider .
truth: expect a divider between packages . 
test:  test   test
truth:  expect   a

test:  creates the name of the notes company by its name .
truth: return two strings . 
test:  given   null
truth:  return   return

test:  do a view to get all of the user auth .
truth: given a django request object . 
test:  to   request
truth:  given   a

test:  a simple replacement for the old thread .
truth: a view that returns celery stats . 
test:  null   show
truth:  view   view

test:  get geometry output by manipulation .
truth: get geometry output by manipulationfunction . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   geometry

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  apply the query to the expression tree .
truth: apply the date and locale filters to the eu query . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  apply   apply

test:  download a unsigned delimeter for a given uuid .
truth: download the unsigned archive for a given extension/version . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  compute the mean of the ei distribution .
truth: expected improvement over threshold from samples . 
test:  to   improvement
truth:  expected   improvement

test:  write a list of a list of a fif file .
truth: write fiducials to a fiff file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   fiducials

test:  send a dict of features to an album file .
truth: send end-of-job email . 
test:  format   null
truth:  send   send

test:  test reading keys in a dict whose keys are no docstring .
truth: test printing of system information . 
test:  test   test
truth:  printing   printing

test:  get the list of namespace parent window .
truth: extract the simple registration namespace uri from the given openid message . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  extract   null

test:  return a relaxed distance .
truth: distance between relaxed variables and their average . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   distance

test:  copy all debugging files from the config directory .
truth: save/update docs under destination directory . 
test:  derive   a
truth:  null   docs

test:  respond to a challenge .
truth: respond to a challenge . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  lists all tables .
truth: list tables within a dataset . 
test:  block   a
truth:  list   tables

test:  prepare string to be used in a quoted string .
truth: add quotes around a string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  quotes   quotes

test:  returns the progress iterator for this minion .
truth: get the progress bar from the given outputter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  uses get() to return an object or none if no object does not exist .
truth: a tool like djangos get_object_or_404 but returns none in case of a doesnotexist exception . 
test:  uses   uses
truth:  null   tool

test:  publish message to a newly message .
truth: build the arguments for the publish service without the payload . 
test:  create   null
truth:  build   build

test:  builds the root spec for the managed object .
truth: builds the object spec . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  builds   null

test:  remove the specified raid from the file system cli example: .
truth: removes the partition with number <minor> . 
test:  remove   copies
truth:  removes   null

test:  lists policies via rabbitmqctl virtual host name list user / offset list parameter cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of policies nested by vhost and name based on the data returned from rabbitmqctl list_policies . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  confirm this module is on a gentoo based system .
truth: only load if the gio and glib modules are available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  update the upload of the image .
truth: fakes the upload of an image . 
test:  create   image
truth:  fakes   null

test:  return the inverse of n .
truth: factorization of the integer n . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   factorization

test:  extended measurement report section 9 .
truth: extended measurement order section 9 . 
test:  returns   measurement
truth:  extended   measurement

test:  finds the optimal and column {'num .
truth: calculate optimal info to columnize a list of string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  test that yaml has all of the given value .
truth: test has_at_least_one_key validator . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file .
truth: export the profile from the gcode text as a csv file . 
test:  export   export
truth:  export   export

test:  wrap a function or a dictionary .
truth: get fileno from file-like object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of all files in a directory .
truth: create the rpm build tree . 
test:  build   a
truth:  create   create

test:  cci and return the utility instance .
truth: stop the cci instance and return 0 if successful . 
test:  start   start
truth:  stop   stop

test:  parse a string containing only 0s and return a list of tuples .
truth: given a commit message . 
test:  text   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return strlist union .
truth: return union of two lists of case-insensitive strings a . 
test:  return   intersection
truth:  union   union

test:  returns the list of users that a user is currently directs for the creator .
truth: get video and image drafts for a given user . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   video

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb08 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  create a list of items to metrics to the feed hierarchy .
truth: creates a sitelink feed item . 
test:  create   url
truth:  creates   a

test:  filter out data with the given data .
truth: pass filters as: {"key": "val" . 
test:  filter   filters
truth:  filters   filters

test:  construct an object holding a date value from the given ticks value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a date value from the given ticks value . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  function   function

test:  recursively walk a python tree .
truth: recursively yield all python source files below the given paths . 
test:  walk   section
truth:  yield   null

test:  compute autocovariance function acf_y(h) up to shape_to parameters coefs : ndarray the index of parameters or determinant of an 1-d process returns robust : int index of the index of
truth: compute theoretical forecast error variance matrices parameters returns forc_covs : ndarray . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong type .
truth: test either if an error is raised with wrong nn object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a tuple of the python version .
truth: returns the python version as tuple of strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the knx binary sensor .
truth: setup the fast . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  generate n n x 1 .
truth: convert colour into a nice pastel shade . 
test:  fft   rgb
truth:  convert   colour

test:  given a list of dicts and a dictionary of dictionaries .
truth: traverse a dict or list using a colon-delimited target string . 
test:  elementwise   null
truth:  traverse   a

test:  user edit page .
truth: user edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  create an instance using salt cloud cli example: .
truth: create an instance using salt cloud cli example: . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  fab -h username@host down:appname .
truth: fab -h username@host up:appname . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  write all registered module counter to the output .
truth: write all registered xmodule js and coffee files to output root . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  creates an explicit buttons .
truth: create a documents list client . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  append a configuration file to the provided paths .
truth: conf_paths is none by default . 
test:  to   add
truth:  is   null

test:  reload the system .
truth: restart csf cli example: . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  restart   csf

test:  update items/subsequences data which may contain media in the provided request .
truth: helper function used to hit the profile api if email opt-in is enabled . 
test:  queues   update
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a reply-to metric from the given series .
truth: generate 1440 samples of fake metrics data with a particular distribution of anomaly scores and metric values . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  segs[i -> navigation regex from a specified task .
truth: regular expression (c) . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   expression

test:  extracts message messages from the given raw is a baseline instance .
truth: extract translatable messages from a document tree . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  helper to bind a random port to a port .
truth: get a single random port . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  logs the user out .
truth: logout handler . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logout   handler

test:  read a from a binary file and return a byte string .
truth: read length bytes from the file named by filename starting at offset . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   length

test:  returns true if x pids of a python 3 .
truth: returns a list of pids currently running on the system . 
test:  return   x
truth:  returns   a

test:  clone a vdi reference from the vdi reference .
truth: clones a vdi and return the new vdis reference . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clones   a

test:  return sample sequence of length n from a sequence parameters n : float returns contr : float value or array_like .
truth: return sample sequence of length n from a power law distribution . 
test:  null   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  generate a unique .
truth: generate a hotp code . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  flatten nested columns of sequence .
truth: generator function going deep in tree-like structures and returning all elements as a flat list . 
test:  flatten   null
truth:  function   function

test:  builds a web page for the browser .
truth: composes the value for the state parameter . 
test:  builds   build
truth:  composes   null

test:  test saving and restoring a state .
truth: test saving and restoring a state . 
test:  saving   test
truth:  saving   test

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  call   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  connect to a given service for the given host .
truth: connect a sshtransport which is already connected to a remote peer to the channel under test . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  connect   a

test:  recursively sort keys in list .
truth: emulate sqlobjects in . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  emulate   sqlobjects

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  execute the path to the sysv name .
truth: return the pass executable or raise an error . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  check to make sure that v is not at least one of the rpm .
truth: check version string v >= check if dev/prerelease tags result in typeerror for string-number comparison . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   version

test:  return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format .
truth: return the quarter names used by the locale for the specified format . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  determine whether a particular requirement statements are frag_index .
truth: filter comments and blank lines from a requirements . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  filter   comments

test:  set a link to a list of color requests .
truth: set list of matplotlib color codes for use by dendrogram . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  n319 - check for log .
truth: n329 - dont use mutable default arguments . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  retrieve media according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve users according to the given parameters . 
test:  query   media
truth:  retrieve   users

test:  add the call to the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  enable   attempts
truth:  fills   null

test:  return a dot message from a docker graph .
truth: render a task graph using dot . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  render   a

test:  constructs a session .
truth: returns a :class:session for context-management . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  replace all line-ending of whitespace with a single space .
truth: remove any line enedings and condense multiple spaces . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  remove   remove

test:  verify that a string is valid .
truth: check for known compatibility issue between a pair of versions and fix automatically if possible . 
test:  if   test
truth:  check   check

test:  generate lists of systemd command arguments for systemd command .
truth: generate list of command line argument strings for systemctl . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  list   list

test:  escape & .
truth: escape markup characters found in the text . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  escape   markup

test:  return extension .
truth: return extension . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   extension

test:  returns an sgml/xml field with the given params .
truth: this is the future version of cycle with auto-escaping . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  is   null

test:  retrieve host groups according to the given parameters .
truth: retrieve user groups according to the given parameters . 
test:  retrieve   new
truth:  retrieve   user

test:  tries to find executable in the directories listed in path .
truth: tries to find executable in the directories listed in path . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  output the graph for html output .
truth: output the graph for html . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  shuffle the given list .
truth: shuffle the passed list . 
test:  shuffle   a
truth:  shuffle   null

test:  get the server settings for the smtp server .
truth: get the value of the setting for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  install the package with the absolute path .
truth: if the current tcl installation is a teapot-distributed version of activetcl *and* the current platform is os x . 
test:  search   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generate the login link .
truth: take action on user login . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  take   action

test:  to make a template string to a number of indentation .
truth: return a string which represents imports as a tree . 
test:  convert   indent
truth:  return   a

test:  forgot username .
truth: look up a username based on an email address . 
test:  using   username
truth:  look   up

test:  converts a boolean value that is a boolean value .
truth: parse a boolean environment variable . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a drive free space for the given name .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  get   keyword
truth:  return   return

test:  get the endpoint for the given reviewer reviewer .
truth: returns the proper api endpoint depending whether we are signing for reviewer or for public consumption . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  redirect to a given url .
truth: like djangos redirect_to except that url is passed to reverse . 
test:  redirect   view
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  mark a value as unsafe .
truth: mark a value as unsafe . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  parse an error message and return a tuple .
truth: helper class to raise parser errors . 
test:  using   encode
truth:  null   class

test:  randomly do a random sampling size .
truth: return m randomly sampled probability vectors of dimension k . 
test:  return   a
truth:  m   m

test:  check if user is admin group .
truth: is the passed user a member of the administrators group args: name : the name to check returns: bool: true if user is a member of the administrators group . 
test:  if   user
truth:  is   null

test:  get the list of pressure .
truth: gets the current pressure in millibars from the pressure sensor . 
test:  null   page
truth:  gets   null

test:  index of all public tags .
truth: returns listing of all tags . 
test:  output   wiki
truth:  listing   listing

test:  returns a list of gateway details for the admin account .
truth: return gateway and payment account of default payment gateway . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   gateway

test:  returns the last line of the last line that is obtained by the normalize block .
truth: look for the last z value found just before g1 code in the given block . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  look   null

test:  alternative for a relu .
truth: compute the element-wise rectified linear activation function . 
test:  null   linear
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns source and dateordatetime the source for a repository .
truth: returns first translation in subproject . 
test:  source   source
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fix intersection of a given graph .
truth: builds the def-use and use-def chains of the variables of the method . 
test:  write   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  converts a datetime to a csl datetime .
truth: given a datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  given   a

test:  ensures value is not a byte string or a byte string .
truth: checks that value is non-empty and of the right type . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return a list of groups .
truth: display parser state . 
test:  return   a
truth:  display   parser

test:  returns true if the passed key exists .
truth: check that the key is found in the registry . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given an email address .
truth: checks to see if a user already exists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   checks

test:  returns a new unique instance with a pg8000 shape .
truth: returns an instance of a loaded password hasher . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deprecated method for testing .
truth: deprecated method for testing . 
test:  deprecated   return
truth:  deprecated   method

test:  for a rectangle of a multivariate polynomial columns using a test for said said .
truth: quantize a continuous distribution given by a cdf parameters binsx : array_like . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  quantize   a

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a spf record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  display the file with the specified compression layout .
truth: parse arguments and run checks generate the csv files . 
test:  correct   print
truth:  parse   arguments

test:  use the given function to require noniterable .
truth: when given a provided_by noniterable value . 
test:  test   null
truth:  given   null

test:  alerting complete section 9 .
truth: alerting section 9 . 
test:  null   section
truth:  null   section

test:  asserts that two given and right are equal .
truth: check that the left and right sparsearray are equal . 
test:  assert   check
truth:  check   check

test:  get a skeiniso gcode file from a gcode file .
truth: write scalable vector graphics for a gcode file given the settings . 
test:  get   a
truth:  write   null

test:  test with hidden text elements .
truth: test with a simple html text . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  prompt() appends a single exception at the end of the client which assert can access the env .
truth: abort()s systemexit contains distinct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  hexbin - decode binhexed file .
truth: hexbin - decode binhexed file . 
test:  -   read
truth:  -   -

test:  decorator to check if a function is a proper port .
truth: defines a decorator to register a validator with a name for look-up . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  defines   a

test:  returns the list of all the active role in the given process .
truth: return list of process objects corresponding to live child processes . 
test:  null   return
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the given token is a valid active active .
truth: standard username/password combinations that could be applicable to any device . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   standard

test:  returns the data either a video or a previewed .
truth: takes a steam community id of a steam user and returns a dict of data about that user :type user: str :return: dict . 
test:  uses   api
truth:  takes   a

test:  check whether ref is a valid ref .
truth: check if a refname is correctly formatted . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  operate operate .
truth: helper function for matching certain directives . 
test:  return   null
truth:  function   function

test:  bundle : add-on .
truth: return an object with all process properties as attributes for processname . 
test:  open   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  settings() should take other context managers .
truth: settings() should take other context managers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  builds list of args to the underlying invoke method .
truth: builds list of args to the underlying invoke method . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  a vastly attribute that works with constant .
truth: returns an ssl . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  add counters to the counter to each directory .
truth: add counters for a subsequent run of the hadoop jar command . 
test:  get   a
truth:  add   counters

test:  removes content references from content if it exists .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  null   api

test:  return a list of the names of the sites organizations .
truth: return an organizations revisions . 
test:  context   a
truth:  return   return

test:  executes an api method call and given services .
truth: executes an api method call and returns the response object . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  executes   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: fill the inset gcode text . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  fill   fill

test:  this test will take a simple checker into the checker .
truth: with qtwebengine . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return the path to the user cache directory .
truth: return the platform dependent orange cache directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return package version as listed in __version__ in init .
truth: return package version as listed in __version__ in __init__ . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  package   package

test:  print the stack trace .
truth: dump a stack trace into the debug file . 
test:  print   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  given the path to the current package or a attempt to the current package .
truth: look for data in the source-included data directories and return the path . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  look   null

test:  remove a single container .
truth: remove the named container . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers declarator .
truth: parameter_declaration : declaration_specifiers abstract_declarator_opt . 
test:  null   parameter_declaration
truth:  null   parameter_declaration

test:  insert a front into a front operator .
truth: update rank number associated to the fitnesses according to the first two objectives using a geometric sweep procedure . 
test:  domain   split
truth:  rank   rank

test:  a ask error .
truth: catch error conditions from the response and raise them . 
test:  check   response
truth:  error   error

test:  create a random string of length chars .
truth: generate a random string with chars collection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  add a user to a group .
truth: usergroup add a user . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   add

test:  convert a zero indexed cell reference string to a a1 a1 string .
truth: convert an absolute cell reference in a1 notation to a zero indexed row and column . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read a cache file .
truth: read a cache time . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   a

test:  returns true if this employee is allowed for the given employee .
truth: returns true if given employee has an holiday on the given date . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the default layer layer as a string .
truth: get a type string and dynamic map viewer html for a given layer . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  get   a

test:  clears the memoized cache .
truth: clear out cached entries from _zip_directory_cache . 
test:  accumulated   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  returns a url to download the download engine .
truth: compare the dict returned by get_platform_info() with the values specified in the url_template element . 
test:  download   a
truth:  compare   compare

test:  get a value from the etcd .
truth: get a value . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  iterator over all serial items in a sequence .
truth: return elements from the iterable in chunksize-ed lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   elements

test:  determine if the password is a non-regression revision .
truth: checks if the given password is the user password of the file . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  process xmlelement by svgreader .
truth: process xmlelement by svgreader . 
test:  process   xmlelement
truth:  process   xmlelement

test:  create a reservation for the given project and resource .
truth: create a reservation for the given project and resource . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  return a json representation of the graph g .
truth: return data in jit json format . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  return   data

test:  decorator to revert task_state on failure .
truth: wraps a method to catch exceptions related to instances . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  connect to the login page .
truth: renders the login page . 
test:  renders   download
truth:  renders   null

test:  adds a user to a group .
truth: add acl group . 
test:  add   in
truth:  add   acl

test:  decrypt the data cipher with the given block size and size .
truth: decrypts data encrypted using the encrypt() function . 
test:  produce   function
truth:  decrypts   data

test:  sets the gui mode for the current thread .
truth: tell the web service that were running in gui mode . 
test:  set   up
truth:  tell   null

test:  get tests info about text info .
truth: get python input examples and output messages we use following conventions for input files and messages: for different inputs: test for python >= x . 
test:  to   feature
truth:  get   python

test:  format an instance of archive; information into a single instance .
truth: augment instance "status" attribute with number of seconds which have elapsed for all the executions which are in running state and execution total run time for all the executions which have finished . 
test:  return   http
truth:  null   instance

test:  return a list of all lexer matches .
truth: get a lexer for a filename . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  get   a

test:  support function for copy_reg to images .
truth: blend two images with weights as in alpha . 
test:  add   a
truth:  blend   blend

test:  given a string .
truth: returns a nice argstring for a function or method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dict of auto items of the auto query .
truth: returns a json list to be used with the autocompletewidget javascript . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  rolls back a child of the "needs .
truth: sets or unsets the "needs rollback" flag -- for *advanced use* only . 
test:  set   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  asserts that a certain element always returns a tuple .
truth: assert that running the interpreter with args and optional environment variables env_vars fails and return a tuple . 
test:  asserts   line
truth:  assert   assert

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark a test method as deprecated .
truth: decorator which will print a warning message on the first call . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  retrieve a certificate from the certificate .
truth: builds a credentials object based on the configured auth_version . 
test:  returns   fetch
truth:  builds   a

test:  return the union of all graphs .
truth: return the union of all graphs . 
test:  replace   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  return the date as a datetime .
truth: return datetime . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   datetime

test:  a stubs decorator .
truth: patch the configdata module to provide fake section_desc . 
test:  encode   config
truth:  patch   patch

test:  utility function that parses the segments id for the given segments id .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  setup the connected sources .
truth: setup the russound rnet platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: events resource factory method . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   resource

test:  verify that the code is not installed with maximum name the name of the mangled parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: return the current load average for the specified minion . 
test:  function   list
truth:  return   return

test:  return the default group of the group .
truth: set effective group id . 
test:  list   source
truth:  set   set

test:  return a string which is the concatenation of the strings in the passed in the passed in .
truth: strip sgml/xml tags and replace adjacent whitespace by one space . 
test:  strips   html
truth:  strip   strip

test:  facility for osf .
truth: anyone can sign up . 
test:  return   try
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieves the database from the database .
truth: return a list of databases of a mysql server using the output from the select default_character_set_name . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add the begin xml tag .
truth: add the begin and end xml tag and the inner text if any . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  get all suggestions languages .
truth: returns suggested translations for user . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to stop a function after a space .
truth: decorator that determine when to stop tab-completion decorator that tells command specific complete function when to stop tab-completion . 
test:  stop   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  save the minions to the specified user .
truth: save/update the minion list for a given jid . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   null

test:  recursively unpack dictionaries .
truth: from url . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  url   url

test:  special case serializer .
truth: special case serializer . 
test:  encodes   null
truth:  null   case

test:  get the amount of a starting integer .
truth: get the address of a modbus request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  extract messages from the database objects cluster_id as per latitude/longitude .
truth: parse a counters field from a pre-yarn history file . 
test:  parse   network
truth:  parse   a

test:  extracts environment vars .
truth: add path to path link environments . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   path

test:  list tags for a resource .
truth: list tags on an elasticache resource . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   tags

test:  check the module-level option for deprecated modules named units .
truth: checks if key is a deprecated option and if so . 
test:  ensures   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  graphics run the l**p function graphics between 0 and sha1 .
truth: check correctness of a function computing derivatives by comparison with a finite difference approximation . 
test:  mimic   wrap
truth:  check   correctness

test:  converts swap inputs to namedtuple .
truth: parse free cmd and return swap memorys s total . 
test:  extended   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns people following user .
truth: returns people following user but user isnt following . 
test:  returns   people
truth:  returns   people

test:  count the replacement set of the matrix .
truth: count replacement needed for a given codon_set . 
test:  return   sum
truth:  count   replacement

test:  set the user module if the kernel is smartos .
truth: provides vmadm on smartos . 
test:  provides   rbac
truth:  provides   null

test:  s -> .
truth: s -> . 
test:  s   return
truth:  s   s

test:  return a fixed timezone based on the offset value .
truth: returns a tzinfo instance with a fixed offset from utc . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if w is a short lookup .
truth: a word is called short if it consists of a short syllable preceded by zero or more consonants . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  null   word

test:  test inverse operator for inverse .
truth: test mne inverse computation on volume source space . 
test:  source   io
truth:  test   mne

test:  a test to be available for writing .
truth: called when you do obj? . 
test:  null   teardown
truth:  called   null

test:  norm l1 for the similarity of order norm .
truth: l1 norm for tf . 
test:  return   l2
truth:  null   norm

test:  retrieve a method method from a method .
truth: turns a callable object into a real function . 
test:  null   a
truth:  turns   a

test:  marks the volume type .
truth: marks volume types as deleted . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  marks   volume

test:  determine if the given path is encrypted .
truth: returns true if the path corresponds to an encrypted disk . 
test:  if   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a proxy helper method that implements the gl gl backend .
truth: glproxy class should have all es 2 . 
test:  test   gl
truth:  null   class

test:  parses flowgrams file format .
truth: build averaged flowgrams for each cluster in mapping . 
test:  constructs   function
truth:  build   build

test:  fetch a database based on the identifier category .
truth: look up identifier by category and value and redirect to its referent if found . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  look   up

test:  adds an expression pooling layer .
truth: adds a max pooling layer . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  print a system command to the shell .
truth: run cmd and return a popen instance . 
test:  start   start
truth:  run   cmd

test:  load a random inner file from an coord set .
truth: open a file in binary mode . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   a

test:  return a generator which yields the specified timestamp definition from all of the given plugin .
truth: applies instant output plugin to a multi-type collection . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  applies   null

test:  unwrap --> type://host/path .
truth: unwrap --> type://host/path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values .
truth: accepts a dictionary entry containing gecos field names and their values . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  accepts   a

test:  delete a volume .
truth: delete a child zone . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  provides the job with the given vm .
truth: check and convert internal representations back to sessions . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  check   check

test:  pack a string to a byte string .
truth: pack an object and return the packed bytes . 
test:  return   strings
truth:  pack   pack

test:  fix method .
truth: fix method names to avoid reserved word conflicts . 
test:  name   a
truth:  fix   method

test:  return a list of the users that are in the given disk .
truth: given a gce disk resource . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  converts a function into a function that converts a function into a compact parameter .
truth: unwraps a function that is wrapped with :func:functools . 
test:  generates   uses
truth:  unwraps   a

test:  generate a parsed faux message .
truth: convert response . 
test:  email   a
truth:  convert   response

test:  check if a file-like object with tableau[ .
truth: perform the minimum ratio test . 
test:  create   test
truth:  perform   null

test:  create node nodes for g .
truth: create node positions for g using graphviz . 
test:  loads   nodes
truth:  create   node

test:  test if a release has a release .
truth: a nice python module is supposed to have a release name . 
test:  null   return
truth:  null   a

test:  full test of mininet examples .
truth: this test does nothing . 
test:  test   pexpect
truth:  test   test

test:  tries to match an => match the pci random number of needed to make the pci mse .
truth: get the vf number based on a vfs pci address a vf is associated with an vf number . 
test:  returns   read
truth:  get   get

test:  validates if there is overlap between model .
truth: checks overlap for specified feild . 
test:  if   validates
truth:  overlap   overlap

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a network or raise if the network doesnt exist or not exist in the network .
truth: indicates if a network is currently in use on host . 
test:  fixed   null
truth:  if   null

test:  generative network to parameterize variational family .
truth: generative network to parameterize generative model . 
test:  null   mark
truth:  null   network

test:  traverse the model class .
truth: provides a dialog for merging branches . 
test:  launches   multiple
truth:  provides   a

test:  set the number of days before the password expires that the user will start to see a warning .
truth: set the number if inactive days before the account is locked . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  play media manager .
truth: return the event manager of this media_list_player . 
test:  get   media
truth:  return   return

test:  install latest virtual environment for the provided virtual directory .
truth: install a single requirement . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   a

test:  decorator to indicate that a path should be cancelled .
truth: get appropriate wrapper factory and cache instance for path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  the main function .
truth: entry-point function . 
test:  is   program
truth:  function   function

test:  returns true if the collection should be retained after the rights .
truth: checks if a particular collection should be indexed . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  use the given function to reload a single module .
truth: a version of reload() that supports netproxies . 
test:  default   module
truth:  null   version

test:  aux function .
truth: call the function *container* with a generator function corresponding to the calling *n* times the function *func* . 
test:  initialize   decorator
truth:  call   call

test:  expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected simple_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   arrays
truth:  expected   simple_unlimited_args

test:  dump an xml document to a file .
truth: dump an element tree without using et . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  creates a form with the given note and returns a list of note that we can make a string type .
truth: create attachments from commattachmentformset onto note . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   attachments

test:  perform a qt operator .
truth: compute the expected return dtype for the given binary operator . 
test:  schedule   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  auxiliary function for permutation_test_score .
truth: auxiliary function for permutation_test_score . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  computes the cosine distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the cosine distance between 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   indices
truth:  computes   null

test:  determine the average points that has been gathered .
truth: get widdershins path with overhangs filled in . 
test:  add   a
truth:  get   widdershins

test:  set the current :class:~matplotlib configuration .
truth: set a config item . 
test:  sets   attempts
truth:  set   a

test:  display text output based on a stream of ansi tuples .
truth: add syntax highlighting to source code using ansi escape sequences . 
test:  test   null
truth:  add   syntax

test:  roc prediction score .
truth: roc auc score . 
test:  null   loss
truth:  null   null

test:  sets data in directory .
truth: set vispy data download directory parameters directory : str | none the directory to use . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   vispy

test:  convert an amount of amount to a string .
truth: converts a quantize amount [0 . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  converts   a

test:  enum_specifier : pointer lparen .
truth: storage_class_specifier : auto | register | static | extern | typedef . 
test:  null   cast_expression
truth:  null   storage_class_specifier

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: start the specified service cli example: . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  return launchd information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return launchd information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   certificates
truth:  return   launchd

test:  generic routing expression .
truth: add ban to the varnish cache cli example: . 
test:  using   real
truth:  ban   add

test:  validate and return the cpu policy constraints .
truth: validate and return the requested cpu policy . 
test:  function   test
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns the name of a timezone .
truth: returns the name of timezone . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the y intersection inside a pair .
truth: get the x intersection if it exists . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for backward compatibility between endpoints and we only allow other type to send constraint .
truth: virtualization preference . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   preference

test:  gets a queryset of the given username .
truth: return user from a username/ish identifier . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   user

test:  for a desired file .
truth: quality filtering when a single sample has been run in a lane this code simulates a barcode file to allow us to re-use the quality filtering code when not demultiplexing . 
test:  obtain   loop
truth:  filtering   filtering

test:  remove invalid characters .
truth: removes all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  convert a constant to a constant .
truth: convert 1d numpy arrays to matrices . 
test:  returns   intervals
truth:  convert   convert

test:  read a buffer .
truth: a view that is requested with accesses request . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  view   view

test:  returns true if the given mon is a run .
truth: is this a mon node cli example: . 
test:  log   check
truth:  is   null

test:  save the certificate to the given domain the certificate .
truth: save the certificate for master icinga2 node . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  return a textual query for a type given its type .
truth: get a searchquery instance sub-class suitable for the specified type . 
test:  is   sequence
truth:  get   a

test:  process a user based on 3 .
truth: try to identify the user if the user is identified then: g . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  to   try

test:  json object to json .
truth: serialize the json . 
test:  tuple   json
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  updates the user with the given user .
truth: publishes the collection with publish_collection() function in rights_manager . 
test:  updates   method
truth:  null   null

test:  the relu function .
truth: clipped rectifier unit function . 
test:  casts   method
truth:  null   null

test:  deep available schedules .
truth: deep copy the given element . 
test:  clone   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  fix list of pin revisions .
truth: fixes documents that have the current_revision set incorrectly . 
test:  tests   null
truth:  documents   documents

test:  encodes a string in bytes using the given encoding .
truth: returns the given value as a python byte string . 
test:  encodes   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the given line is a code line .
truth: returns the indent depth . 
test:  check   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  bounce all traffic server nodes on the local node .
truth: bounce traffic server on the local node . 
test:  bounce   load
truth:  bounce   traffic

test:  generic setattr() for a more or a record .
truth: generic setattr() implementation for records: set the given record member . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   generic

test:  returns the vector as a list .
truth: returns the vector v as a n x 1 matrix . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute -mat*log(p) - .
truth: compute -mat*log(p) . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  read a packet .
truth: object factory . 
test:  read   read
truth:  object   factory

test:  return the targets from the ansible data .
truth: return the targets from the flat yaml file . 
test:  return   metadata
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a user from the specified user .
truth: deletes a user via rabbitmqctl delete_user . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  returns a generator for all games matching the given criteria .
truth: games returns a generator of all games matching the given criteria . 
test:  returns   property
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the svg text by a setting .
truth: get the svg text . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this makes a converter from markdown to import a markdown format .
truth: this makes a converter from markdown to text format . 
test:  makes   build
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a list of available services cli example: .
truth: return all installed services cli example: . 
test:  given   list
truth:  return   return

test:  given an httpmessage .
truth: cycle between various values on consecutive integers . 
test:  evaluate   in
truth:  cycle   cycle

test:  list folders on the system .
truth: list users who have access to auto-mounted shared folders . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   users

test:  add faces to the face dictionary .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   vertex

test:  converts any given object to unicode string .
truth: converts any given object to unicode string . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a suite for the given package .
truth: assemble test suite for doctests in path . 
test:  returns   run
truth:  test   test

test:  check to see if the service is enabled .
truth: a system-v style service is assumed disabled if the "startup" symlink to its script is found in /etc/init . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   a

test:  remove the certificate from the given certificate store .
truth: remove the certificate from the given certificate store . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  create a logger for the given logger .
truth: creates a logger for the given application . 
test:  creates   response
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  for each process in the files in the list .
truth: calls out to lint each file in the passed list of files . 
test:  process   process
truth:  calls   calls

test:  computes the mahalanobis distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the mahalanobis distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  escape & .
truth: escapes special characters from a js string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  escapes   null

test:  this will check if the app is a valid app .
truth: prints app status . 
test:  list   a
truth:  prints   app

test:  resize the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch .
truth: resizes the volume contained in a 5d tensor of shape - [batch . 
test:  resize   null
truth:  resizes   null

test:  return the diagonal view of the matrix .
truth: helper function for diagonalsubtensor and incdiagonalsubtensor . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of domains for a csr .
truth: get a list of subject alternative names from a csr . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  wait for a the specified status stream to return true if there is a state stream .
truth: wait for the the status to change for a kinesis stream . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  parse the yaml document in a stream and produce corresponding representation trees .
truth: parse the first yaml document in a stream and produce the corresponding representation tree . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple if the os is supported .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  escape the value of an object .
truth: escapes or unescapes the specified field in a model or dictionary . 
test:  get   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the derivative of 3 image with the specified shape .
truth: mask coordinates that are within certain distance from the image border . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  when a step definition calls another step definition with behave_as .
truth: when a step definition calls an undefined step definition with behave_as . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  create and return a temporary file .
truth: create and return a temporary file . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  returns true if given ipv6 address are valid .
truth: returns true if the ipv6 address are valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  deep copy a deannotate element .
truth: remove annotations that link a column to a particular mapping . 
test:  subtract   use
truth:  remove   annotations

test:  replace all .
truth: replace warning . 
test:  warning   warning
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if the variable is uppercased .
truth: return true if the object is a mapping . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  recursively iterates nested lists to new values .
truth: convert keys of each dictionary in tuple data to unicode . 
test:  fix   fixes
truth:  convert   keys

test:  get the bottom of the path .
truth: get the bottom of the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  converts arma correlation to rest .
truth: get the ar representation of an arma process parameters ar : array_like . 
test:  converts   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if filename is a nzb .
truth: return the relative path to the file . 
test:  to   filename
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of installed applications for all models in a given table .
truth: gets a set of all models that are installed . 
test:  retrieve   lists
truth:  gets   a

test:  setup the knx binary sensor .
truth: return mock devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  mock   mock

test:  connect to *address* and return the socket object .
truth: connect to *address* and return the socket object . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  get the plugin plugins plugins .
truth: get the file names of the python plugins in the directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a list of dictionaries .
truth: given a list of utf-8 encoded articles . 
test:  transform   attempt
truth:  given   a

test:  write discovery files to a directory .
truth: write discovery documents generated from a cloud service to file . 
test:  write   upload
truth:  write   discovery

test:  return the name of a dict by name .
truth: retrive object from name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  object   object

test:  returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of vms associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  [option1 task wrapper around mapping to a thread .
truth: unindex documents specified by cls and ids . 
test:  documents   run
truth:  documents   documents

test:  fetches a musicbrainz album by its associated id .
truth: fetches an album by its musicbrainz id and returns an albuminfo object or none if the album is not found . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  fetches   null

test:  check that nova is import .
truth: check for db calls from nova/virt as of grizzly-2 all the database calls have been removed from nova/virt . 
test:  check   alternative
truth:  check   check

test:  verifies a user object .
truth: ask user to confirm update cert certname to contain new_domains . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  ask   user

test:  returns the path to the latest version .
truth: return the module name for a given file . 
test:  formats   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  handler for the modbus loggers .
truth: when configuring logging . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a set of users with a given number of users .
truth: create n users in the database . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   n

test:  create a suitable volume .
truth: create a new volumeservice suitable for use in unit tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  main function for sequences of fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath label: list of fasta labels .
truth: returns dictionary of records for different fasta checks input_fasta_fp: fasta filepath mapping_fp: mapping filepath tree_fp: newick tree filepath tree_subset: if true . 
test:  function   fasta
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  test that a json file exists on the json output .
truth: read yaml and json files . 
test:  write   a
truth:  read   yaml

test:  returns a compiled template string for the given name and name .
truth: returns a compiled template object for the given template name . 
test:  context   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove indexes from table columns .
truth: remove index that are subsets of other indexes . 
test:  index   duplicate
truth:  index   index

test:  setup the demo covers .
truth: setup the demo image_processing platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  change unicode to assumptions .
truth: handler for relational . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete the current users authorized to the scenario .
truth: after each scenario . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  null   null

test:  fixture to return a valid template_name .
truth: instatiate prompttoolkithistory and append a line string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a right class with one right labels .
truth: this aggregation mechanism takes the softmax/logit output of several models resulting from inference on identical inputs and computes the noisy-max of the votes for candidate classes to select a label for each sample: it adds laplacian noise to label counts and returns the most frequent label . 
test:  given   a
truth:  null   aggregation

test:  class decorator used to set a trace to be remote when an unhandled class is not defined in the class .
truth: wrap the osprofiler trace_cls decorator so that it will not try to patch the class unless osprofiler is present and enabled in the config . 
test:  is   decorator
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  check that symlinks is a valid directory path file or a string of the file dialog .
truth: check to see if a file needs to be updated or created . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attempts to handle .
truth: handles a shutdown request . 
test:  exception   a
truth:  handles   a

test:  make a url for a file url extensions .
truth: create a urlparser application that looks in directory . 
test:  access   function
truth:  create   a

test:  n-dimensional unitary fourier transform unitary .
truth: n-dimensional unitary inverse fourier transform . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  iso8601 the embl .
truth: breaks up a embl file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  ip   wrapper
truth:  breaks   up

test:  set the rules for the current default rules .
truth: set the rules in use for policy checks . 
test:  rules   set
truth:  set   set

test:  convert bytes to unicode .
truth: convert c{bytes} or c{unicode} to the native c{str} type . 
test:  s   decode
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a full level level .
truth: return access level required for this api call . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  access   access

test:  calculate the human readable uid .
truth: generate a weakly random unique id . 
test:  add   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a list of intersection sets of disjoint sets .
truth: return all disjoint subsets . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test that nt .
truth: test traceback offset in ipython script . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   traceback

test:  remove function .
truth: attempt to normalize functions by removing common platform outliers . 
test:  cast   null
truth:  to   attempt

test:  invert the given image .
truth: change the order of the values in selem . 
test:  counts   a
truth:  change   change

test:  only load if the postgres module is available .
truth: only for macos . 
test:  work   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set and retrieve the request .
truth: set and retrieve the request . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   hsl
truth:  test   hsl

test:  returns minpoly(add .
truth: returns minpoly(mul . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects all matching files and dirs of a given source under the given translations .
truth: return a list of translations in the system locale directory whose names equal prog . 
test:  collects   null
truth:  return   a

test:  delete all versions for a project and all its version .
truth: delete all versions not in the current repo . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  sends a login details .
truth: set the given kwargs to be the default for client login methods . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  set   set

test:  regression test for a yes/no unit tests .
truth: fix decoding issue while formatting syntaxerrors during collection . 
test:  test   null
truth:  decoding   fix

test:  format correctly instance correctly .
truth: helper to format a job instance . 
test:  format   format
truth:  to   helper

test:  launch the branch branch dialogs .
truth: launch the checkout branch dialog . 
test:  launch   launch
truth:  launch   launch

test:  return a job with a given job id .
truth: send an xmpp message with the data . 
test:  to   test
truth:  send   send

test:  check if we only do the directories to use the directories .
truth: delete the perspective search storage file at the given path . 
test:  drops   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  creates a path .
truth: join the paths provided in order to create an absolut path . 
test:  create   a
truth:  join   join

test:  return alarm details cli example:: salt myminion boto_cloudwatch .
truth: get alarm details . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   alarm

test:  get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + metric .
truth: get value for name format: gmond_prefix_ + fs_ + ost_ + metric . 
test:  value   value
truth:  value   value

test:  checks that the simplified dependencies are as the ~user .
truth: check that the library and its dependencies are installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  remove all redis documentation for the given client .
truth: flush test db . 
test:  db   start
truth:  test   test

test:  make comparison between to strings .
truth: align a value to next align multiple . 
test:  align   null
truth:  align   a

test:  select the right player instance of a placeholders .
truth: apply nsga-ii selection operator on the *individuals* . 
test:  null   check
truth:  apply   apply

test:  tests that accounts is not used with existing columns .
truth: if you use the timeline fields but call get_submission_info you will get the sub info without the unit data . 
test:  create   test
truth:  if   null

test:  parses the payload from a python source file .
truth: parses a pattern . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  nicely with the right 32bit documentation .
truth: range_list: list . 
test:  print   a
truth:  list   list

test:  create a new admin group .
truth: create a basic admin group with permissions for managing basic autotest objects . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator to check if a bound method is a bound method .
truth: this consistently verifies that the callable is bound to a class . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  list policies .
truth: list all policies returns list of policies cli example: . 
test:  list   policies
truth:  list   list

test:  get the list of all the plugins plugins for the specified package .
truth: retrieve all plugins implementing the given interface beneath the given module . 
test:  get   list
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  rewrite allocations to the correct document with the commit table .
truth: synchronize tunnel_allocations table with configured tunnel ranges . 
test:  loop   sync
truth:  synchronize   null

test:  function to return the current session and the session .
truth: get the current utc offset for the client . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  yaml: runscope enable runscope during runscope requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:findbugs plugin <fitnesse+plugin> .
truth: yaml: runscope execute a runscope test . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  run a process .
truth: return a description of all errors pyflakes finds in pylearn2 . 
test:  output   a
truth:  return   a

test:  scale test by mean .
truth: check that rows sum to one constant . 
test:  calculate   test
truth:  check   check

test:  parse the exchange token response into a parsed response .
truth: parses response of an exchange token request . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   response

test:  return the file modification time as a unicode string .
truth: return the size of a file . 
test:  computes   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get and display the response for the user .
truth: returns stats about the current instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  stats   stats

test:  lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoding .
truth: lookup up the codec for the given encoding and return its encoder function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  lookup   up

test:  temporarily previous the context manager .
truth: context manager for temporary disabling cache . 
test:  context   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  determine if the value is a valid shape with the given numpy .
truth: computes triplet loss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  extract a single option value from the given object and return it .
truth: convert a click . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed .
truth: get mirror path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   mirror

test:  get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls .
truth: get the hardware address on windows using netbios calls . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flushes app .
truth: deprecated in twisted 2 . 
test:  changes   find
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  preprocess options for subprocess .
truth: look for some options which have to be processed before others values of <search_for> are callback functions to call when the option is found . 
test:  preprocess   alternative
truth:  look   null

test:  decorator to cause a function to base default functions .
truth: forces the wrapped function to always run sequentially . 
test:  set   check
truth:  forces   null

test:  return the vector such that the least prime interval saturated .
truth: internal helper function to return context vectors for segmentations . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  null   helper

test:  remove special characters and no more than s .
truth: strips characters that arent part of normal floats . 
test:  strip   remove
truth:  strips   characters

test:  shuts down the server .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxy device . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  coerce x to a timedelta .
truth: if the passed data is of datetime/timedelta type . 
test:  coerce   copies
truth:  if   null

test:  return the item size for the given type .
truth: return the item size for the given list type . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  generate all lines of lines .
truth: generator that behaves like readline without using stringio . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  do a poor job of alpha by a value in a time .
truth: do a poor job of assigning data to servers by using first letters . 
test:  do   a
truth:  do   a

test:  formats a date according to the given format .
truth: formats a date according to the given format . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  marks a function or method as deprecated .
truth: decorates a function and issues a deprecation warning on use . 
test:  decorates   a
truth:  decorates   a

test:  "text" "text" "text" "text" to the correct command .
truth: run jmxfetch with the given command if it is valid . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  run   run

test:  return the html tidy with an html runner .
truth: run html tidy . 
test:  download   handle
truth:  run   html

test:  on success .
truth: important if some new modules are being reparsed . 
test:  reset   success
truth:  if   null

test:  division of tuples representing monomials .
truth: does there exist a monomial x such that xa == b? . 
test:  null   null
truth:  does   null

test:  efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface .
truth: efficiently compute vertex normals for triangulated surface . 
test:  calculates   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  initializes the command line argument .
truth: initializes the command line argument parser . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initializes   null

test:  update permissions for a particular module .
truth: update export client list . 
test:  force   new
truth:  export   export

test:  experience controller .
truth: experience controller - unfiltered version . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  like check_output but captures the full output with the given output .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  like   run
truth:  command   command

test:  print a list of users .
truth: print a list of users . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  count the nans of a nans .
truth: count the number of nans values per row . 
test:  use   count
truth:  count   count

test:  retrieve all host groups .
truth: retrieve all hosts . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  return a list of all job ids .
truth: yield returner data if the external job cache is enabled . 
test:  yield   a
truth:  yield   returner

test:  decompresses the page from a page to a page .
truth: read the data page from the given file-object and convert it to raw . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   read

test:  extract the inventory from an inventory body .
truth: extract and validate inventory from json body . 
test:  extract   data
truth:  extract   null

test:  use gpu device only if required .
truth: error and warning about cuda should be displayed only when this function is called . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  error   error

test:  center loss .
truth: center loss based on the paper "a discriminative feature learning approach for deep face recognition" . 
test:  null   get
truth:  center   loss

test:  test that we can freeze pip freeze .
truth: test pip shows itself . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   pip

test:  process the instances for a process .
truth: launch a background process using crazy win32 voodoo . 
test:  compress   decorator
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a some represeting from a string .
truth: return list of cuts specified in string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  get the dns hosts for a network .
truth: get networks dns hosts in hosts format . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   networks

test:  update the ca bundle bundle .
truth: update the local ca bundle file from a url . 
test:  to   update
truth:  update   update

test:  simple check to check shared variables .
truth: x_shared and y_shared are n x n boolean matrices; entry indicates whether the x axes of subplots i and j should be shared . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the graph of the graph .
truth: returns the number of maximal cliques for each node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  utility function for raising an exception if a valid magic is found .
truth: it checks that the magic number of the file matches the sff magic . 
test:  make   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the list of server id for the given server id or available .
truth: fetch and return server uuid by server name if found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  find the sample file with the provided filename .
truth: find a file with name filename located in the sample directory . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  parse input arguments .
truth: parse input arguments . 
test:  input   input
truth:  input   input

test:  return the current redaction policy .
truth: return the configured redaction policy . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two files in a file .
truth: convert between two tree file formats . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  create a fake iterator that will attempt to parse the given inputs .
truth: temporarily replace the input() function to return the given values use as a context manager: with fake_input: values are returned in order . 
test:  make   decorator
truth:  replace   replace

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: coil a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  null   a
truth:  coil   a

test:  given a string and a full string .
truth: process string by -- removing all but letters and numbers -- trim whitespace -- force to lower case if force_ascii == true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  string   string

test:  inject resources into the form of resources .
truth: inject all the resources in the contexts resourcecontainer into appropriate places in the content given . 
test:  run   timeseries
truth:  null   inject

test:  helper method to apply any templatetags audit to a single service with a courses courses .
truth: create a new basket and trigger immediate checkout . 
test:  to   a
truth:  create   a

test:  list all vmware on this vmware environment .
truth: get a list of all hosts from a vcenter . 
test:  retrieve   admin
truth:  get   a

test:  force the eggs after each site in the eggs .
truth: force easy_installed eggs in the global environment to get placed in sys . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  easy_installed   force

test:  return a list of members for a group .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   a

test:  makes a control showing the remotestatepersister state .
truth: create a remotestatepersister for use in tests . 
test:  make   a
truth:  create   a

test:  produce status for a bare .
truth: produce status . 
test:  produce   status
truth:  produce   status

test:  test loading .
truth: test subjectselector . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   subjectselector

test:  returns true if *uri* is an absolute uri .
truth: return scheme . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  return   scheme

test:  apply the linear inner index matrix .
truth: changes blockvectorv in place . 
test:  evaluate   method
truth:  changes   changes

test:  test our test encoded test .
truth: the logs sections is a mapping between the blooms and their corresponding logentries . 
test:  removes   tests
truth:  logs   logs

test:  set the current le script to be used .
truth: tell the letsencrypt script to report a certain version . 
test:  sets   access
truth:  tell   null

test:  domain names tend to have a valid @one .
truth: domain names tend to have . 
test:  domain   names
truth:  domain   names

test:  l2 distance between each quant of a recodes curve .
truth: quantize a tensor t with each element in [-max_value . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  quantize   a

test:  emulate sqlobjects size .
truth: create a "mix-in" class with a python type and a packable with the given struct format . 
test:  encode   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  get a specific key for the specified service .
truth: get a value from a keyring service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  sends a http request .
truth: wrapper for requests silencing exceptions a little bit . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the configuration .
truth: receives the input given by the user from set . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  receives   null

test:  tests that a model is initialized with a model .
truth: test that a bn layer can be shared across different data streams . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add pillar by invoking .
truth: add cylinder by inradius . 
test:  add   indentation
truth:  add   cylinder

test:  list all available projects for this vmware environment .
truth: list all the backups . 
test:  print   list
truth:  list   list

test:  function prints pocsuite banner with its version .
truth: this function prints sqlmap banner with its version . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  type_qualifier_list : type_qualifier_list type_qualifier .
truth: type_qualifier : const | volatile . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the given locale exists .
truth: verify that the named file or directory is present or exists . 
test:  check   check
truth:  verify   null

test:  raises a similar request .
truth: check if a tool is provided on this platform . 
test:  return   scan
truth:  if   check

test:  the http url that works like the http request .
truth: a handy helper function that recreates the full url for the current request or parts of it . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  the module is running in views when it is called with a new line that might be updated .
truth: patch should update the modules globals() on success . 
test:  use   test
truth:  patch   patch

test:  ensure that its fires to use the traceback .
truth: actions to be performed upon successful login do not redirect from here! . 
test:  function   controller
truth:  to   actions

test:  check whether we are running in a frozen environment .
truth: return whether we are running in a frozen environment . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a datetime object that could be used as a string in a given datetime .
truth: convert datetime to timestamp . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   datetime

test:  get the cutting craft sequence .
truth: get the extrusion craft sequence . 
test:  get   try
truth:  get   get

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  verify version of os .
truth: check that firefox is the correct version . 
test:  check   method
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a function indicating if it has more iterables parameters .
truth: a replacement for inspect . 
test:  uses   email
truth:  null   replacement

test:  when the container is clicked .
truth: wait for the container to exit gracefully . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  the generic script can be customised by using parameters .
truth: the generic script can be customised by using parameters . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   generic

test:  strips all [x]html tags .
truth: strips all [x]html tags . 
test:  strips   strips
truth:  strips   strips

test:  generates all the events and generates a generator for all directories that is created with those events .
truth: generates an event list of :class:dircreatedevent and :class:filecreatedevent objects for all the files and directories within the given moved directory that were moved along with the directory . 
test:  generates   generator
truth:  generates   null

test:  get complex by dictionary .
truth: get complex by float list . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  runs a document for a given document .
truth: restore a deleted document . 
test:  document   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  rotate image 90 degrees degrees .
truth: rotate image 90 degrees counterclockwise . 
test:  rotate   image
truth:  rotate   image

test:  like unicode but only show to unicode .
truth: dump a sequence of dictionaries as yaml for editing . 
test:  dump   dumps
truth:  dump   a

test:  cool a gcode linear move file .
truth: skin a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  fit a function for use in a function-call .
truth: fits a line to the given data . 
test:  computes   salts
truth:  fits   a

test:  make sure every time value is in a formats .
truth: returns the list of file formats that compare_images can compare on this system . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the file is html .
truth: ct_headers: sequence of content-type headers url: response url . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   sequence

test:  takes a single template for a template .
truth: return the dict needed for tweets . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  return   return

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  convert an image to a base64 format .
truth: decodes base64 image data . 
test:  read   a
truth:  base64   base64

test:  return an empty series of the expiration .
truth: search series . 
test:  select   series
truth:  search   series

test:  generate the set of 4-byte points to the provided shape of each version .
truth: yield starting points for streamlines . 
test:  to   window
truth:  starting   starting

test:  flush the virtual machine .
truth: flush dscl cache . 
test:  flush   null
truth:  flush   dscl

test:  given a python file name return a source file name :type filename: str the source file name :type filename: str str .
truth: given a python modules file name return the matching source file name :type filename: str . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  application request section 9 .
truth: application information section 9 . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   information

test:  renders the template for a theme based on the current user .
truth: a helper function that uses the render_theme_template function without needing to edit all the views . 
test:  render   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that uses {% csrf_token %} .
truth: return a post form . 
test:  form   view
truth:  return   a

test:  a step to step definition with a runner .
truth: make sure the test environment is what is expected . 
test:  step   step
truth:  make   null

test:  redirects the decorated function to handle callbacks of a class .
truth: decorator for setting up a passive handler . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get all migration belonging to a consistency .
truth: finds all migrations in progress . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  decode all full query string into a query or query string .
truth: decode a query string in x-www-form-urlencoded format into a sequence of two-element tuples . 
test:  decodes   encoding
truth:  decode   a

test:  create training sequences that share some elements in the middle .
truth: create training sequences that share some elements in the middle . 
test:  build   training
truth:  training   training

test:  returns true if the request is a form based on the current request .
truth: determine whether the request is a posted html form . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  determine   null

test:  provides the xml generated specifying the xml for the given criteria .
truth: sanitize a string . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  sanitize   a

test:  projections projections between 0 and numbers .
truth: count the number of bits in a numeric value . 
test:  returns   long
truth:  count   count

test:  set the amount of idle time until the given delay is given .
truth: set the number of seconds after which the computer will start up after a power failure . 
test:  set   json
truth:  set   set

test:  serializing -> dict mapping metadata to a mapping generated from the xml generated by the xml tree .
truth: return the xml metadata . 
test:  to   get
truth:  return   return

test:  main page to handle breadcrumbs .
truth: generate a list of the pages ancestors suitable for use as breadcrumb navigation . 
test:  is   lookup
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a formatted string size in current folder .
truth: returns the total bytes for the specified path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns filename without reading anything .
truth: returns test data filename . 
test:  get   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform the ninja build for ninja .
truth: initialize targets for the ninja flavor . 
test:  init   null
truth:  targets   targets

test:  update the blocks of blocks with a different dtypes .
truth: merge blocks having same dtype . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  blocks   blocks

test:  using a pprint .
truth: retrieves a groups settings and updates the access permissions to it . 
test:  change   null
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  return an iterator over the directory tree at the given stream .
truth: return a |baseimageheader| subclass instance that knows how to parse the headers of the image in *stream* . 
test:  generate   n
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a string that raises an infinite generator .
truth: returns a byte string of length 1 whose ordinal value is i . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  extract the number of bytes for a given payload .
truth: generate dict of presentable values for template . 
test:  retrieve   arrays
truth:  generate   dict

test:  require a site site in the site .
truth: enable an apache site . 
test:  enable   check
truth:  enable   enable

test:  returns a list of table names that have the given meter .
truth: return a list of required columns in meter table to be scanned . 
test:  returns   columns
truth:  return   a

test:  rename a file .
truth: rename a file . 
test:  move   a
truth:  rename   a

test:  set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for command-line-based file i/o . 
test:  set   method
truth:  set   up

test:  make a stc matrix .
truth: generate a surface . 
test:  applying   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete all .
truth: clean workspace . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  clean   workspace

test:  send email to one or more addresses .
truth: send email to one or more addresses . 
test:  email   email
truth:  email   email

test:  checks if the given feature is enabled .
truth: check whether ironic is installed or not . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  parse in the mailitemproperty from the xml definition .
truth: parse in the mailitemproperiy from the xml definition . 
test:  extracts   in
truth:  parse   in

test:  setup the knx binary sensor .
truth: find and return test switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for deprecated functions .
truth: decorator for tasks with respect to sites current language . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  execute a file or directory on the master cli example: .
truth: grep for a string in the specified file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  grep   grep

test:  returns string with values whose values are given with a given list of strings .
truth: returns list with items that have parts satisfying given regular expression . 
test:  filtered   returns
truth:  list   list

test:  internet gateway filter by vpc id .
truth: internet gateway filter by internet gateway id . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  skip a test if configurations has at least one instance .
truth: raises a skiptest exception when requirements are not met . 
test:  skip   utility
truth:  raises   a

test:  retrieves the links from the container .
truth: generate a table of contents from links in the book . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns link-local all-nodes multicast address .
truth: extract the mac address from provided address . 
test:  returns   map
truth:  extract   null

test:  asynchronously allocates the given model .
truth: allocates a range of ids of size for the model_key defined by model . 
test:  allocates   a
truth:  allocates   a

test:  process a file by setting and a implement .
truth: compare contents . 
test:  translates   remove
truth:  compare   contents

test:  filters a value for the requested setting .
truth: pretty print a variable . 
test:  null   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return v1 == v1 .
truth: returns spearmans rho . 
test:  order   filter
truth:  spearmans   spearmans

test:  list all the folders under the folder .
truth: returns all the subsequent folders under the folder id passed . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert pil image to four representation .
truth: convert numeric array to pil image . 
test:  convert   multiplication
truth:  convert   numeric

test:  index of lowest value over a specified period .
truth: double exponential moving average . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   exponential

test:  get a standard distance between the start and end .
truth: get inclination . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  require installation .
truth: check if some core modules are available . 
test:  ensure   checks
truth:  if   check

test:  use the log pdf for the log file .
truth: thin-plate function * np . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a specific endpoint from a specific endpoint .
truth: remove an entry from an endpoint . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen identifier_list rparen .
truth: direct_declarator : direct_declarator lparen rparen . 
test:  null   direct_declarator
truth:  null   direct_declarator

test:  deprecated endpoint .
truth: warn of deprecation . 
test:  indexes   a
truth:  warn   null

test:  check if a question has supported by this question .
truth: mark a question or an answer as spam . 
test:  to   a
truth:  mark   a

test:  this test verifies that reports to be able to be correct .
truth: marathon pods deployment integration test using the mesos containerizer this test verifies that a marathon pods can be deployed . 
test:  test   test
truth:  marathon   marathon

test:  given a template mapping .
truth: preprocessing decorator that verifies inputs have expected types . 
test:  return   a
truth:  preprocessing   decorator

test:  returns true if the given object is a indirect member .
truth: given string repr of doc and member checks if the member contains indirect documentation . 
test:  return   check
truth:  string   string

test:  load a --ipython-dir .
truth: bad x-pootle-path / missing before language0 . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get front over the x and add the x width .
truth: get the front over width and add the x intersection index lists and ylist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check file with given filename and return the contents of different locations .
truth: determines if there are any non-posix newlines in the first number_of_bytes of the file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   null

test:  validates the given ip to the local machine .
truth: verify if the ip exists on the agents host . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  if   null

test:  returns the rank returned by the parameters from a list of rank .
truth: computes the rank of a restricted growth string . 
test:  takes   matrix
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse the xml string and parse the buffer .
truth: parse the given xml input and convert it into a dictionary . 
test:  parse   dispatch
truth:  parse   parse

test:  check that something expressed between 4 and ciphers .
truth: sanity-check that an object resembling the moon goes to the right place with a cirs<->altaz transformation . 
test:  test   remove
truth:  null   null

test:  tests that a merge merge subclass with no delimiter .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  wraps   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  extracts the whether the value from the given response and returns a dictionary with the given context .
truth: extracts the gssapi authentication token from the appropriate header . 
test:  link   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a .
truth: serialize obj as a json formatted stream to fp (a . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  handle movie-list subcommand .
truth: handle entry-list subcommand . 
test:  loads   handle
truth:  handle   handle

test:  takes a version string and returns a sorted list of versions .
truth: takes a list of versions objects and sort them using version schemes . 
test:  returns   sort
truth:  takes   a

test:  check if the socket is resolvable .
truth: returns true if server is resolvable . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the cms link for the block of the block .
truth: returns a link to block_index for editing the course in cms . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  release the project .
truth: release the package . 
test:  clones   view
truth:  release   release

test:  convert a file: path to a file: url .
truth: convert a path to uri . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  stuff is the assignment .
truth: build out the main inventory skeleton as needed . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  build   build

test:  run a subprocess and read the output from a file .
truth: executes a command and returns the output from stdout and the return code . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  executes   a

test:  return a cycle inside a list of rank that can match each color in a line .
truth: return unique_labels and color_cycle for label array and color list . 
test:  to   function
truth:  return   return

test:  returns hessian of a point corresponding to the point .
truth: returns an approximation of the hessian at the current chain location . 
test:  if   factory
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the current process is a updateable directory .
truth: returns if youtube-dl can be updated with -u . 
test:  is   return
truth:  if   returns

test:  open the list of shelve .
truth: opens a shelf file . 
test:  null   open
truth:  opens   a

test:  returns the modified time zone as a given storage .
truth: get modified time from storage . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  modified   get

test:  true if labels is a valid _lazylock .
truth: returns true if the given value is a list of valid mpls labels . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if a file executable exists .
truth: test for executable file . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if the named container does not exist .
truth: does the given constant have a zmq_ prefix? . 
test:  if   a
truth:  does   null

test:  perform any global post-test teardown .
truth: perform any global post-test teardown . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  perform   null

test:  test that passing just parameters into a 3d numpy array with the right set to the correct value .
truth: tests that in a model with 3 parameters that do not all mutually broadcast . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  copy an object from one of the given object to another .
truth: copy a model instance . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  error if the status of the connection with the supplied official .
truth: custom validator for connection statuses . 
test:  value   a
truth:  null   validator

test:  returns the het .
truth: engles test for autoregressive conditional heteroscedasticity parameters resid : ndarray . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  test   test

test:  prints a deprecation warning .
truth: prints a . 
test:  define   thrift
truth:  prints   a

test:  kill a process .
truth: kill the process proc created with subprocess . 
test:  kill   null
truth:  kill   kill

test:  decorator that bails a function or a decorator .
truth: converts a image id passed as the image parameter to a image object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  produce outer join between left and right .
truth: right join left and right on attributes attr1 and attr2 . 
test:  null   return
truth:  join   join

test:  parses a set symmetric difference .
truth: parses a set intersection . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  generate versions of subcommands .
truth: the clusterhq yum and deb repositories contain packages for flocker . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  null   null

test:  takes a file or a string and prepends a type .
truth: choose analysis package due to file type and file extension . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  choose   analysis

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check if a file exists .
truth: check if a path exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  performs a hook on the appropriate api .
truth: freeze all external tcl/tk data files if this is a supported platform *or* log a non-fatal error otherwise . 
test:  hook   try
truth:  freeze   null

test:  get the pid in the named pid file .
truth: return the pid from a pidfile as an integer . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  analyse a function .
truth: analyse a function . 
test:  analyse   a
truth:  analyse   a

test:  read a file from a given file .
truth: cached reading of file content . 
test:  reading   decorator
truth:  reading   reading

test:  decorator to skip tests that require panel without assign a method to the method .
truth: decorate an api test method as requiring a specific tool . 
test:  skip   decorator
truth:  decorate   decorate

test:  imports and returns a smbclient file .
truth: load credentials from an smbclient-style authentication file . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   credentials

test:  get a qos_specs file handle .
truth: return the active running journal object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return the root directory .
truth: simple test to see if we are running as root . 
test:  null   null
truth:  test   test

test:  utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: .
truth: utility method which wraps a function in a try:/except: . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  like urllib2 .
truth: sometimes you get an url by a user that just isnt a real url because it contains unsafe characters like and so on . 
test:  replaces   method
truth:  null   null

test:  create temporary file .
truth: creates temporary directory for this run . 
test:  is   null
truth:  creates   temporary

test:  given a job id .
truth: given a list of steps for a cluster . 
test:  step   step
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the date responsible for the provided release .
truth: finds the ancestor of xblock that set its release date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  a decorator for functions that alter a method of the decorated function .
truth: decorator; calls decorated function on a set interval . 
test:  null   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  shows the preferred form of a file .
truth: part the specified channel . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  null   part

test:  choose all random tests .
truth: choose a given proportion of tests at random . 
test:  runs   function
truth:  choose   a

test:  returns the secrets manager instance from the secrets database and creates the secrets database .
truth: returns the appropriate secrets manager for a secret . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  verify the correct information item with the correct resource .
truth: a type containing multiple constructors with a pythontype as the first parameter should work . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   type

test:  returns true if the given content is lyrics .
truth: compare lyrics text to expected lyrics for given title . 
test:  if   null
truth:  compare   lyrics

test:  queries a query with the specified name and returns a query as a string .
truth: query the node for specific information . 
test:  execute   server
truth:  query   query

test:  returns a roads roads roads points .
truth: find the closest road segments for each point takes up to 100 independent coordinates . 
test:  lock   response
truth:  find   find

test:  parse a set-like response string into a raised .
truth: parse a response etag . 
test:  parse   key
truth:  parse   a

test:  disable the named service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: disable the named service to start at boot cli example: . 
test:  disable   check
truth:  disable   null

test:  test rl_backward_char .
truth: test rl_backward_word . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  installs one or more packages .
truth: find all externalpackage classes defined in this file and ask them to fetch . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  find   find

test:  list all distributions .
truth: print the informations from installed distributions found . 
test:  prints   list
truth:  print   print

test:  clears all swig_library .
truth: clear document . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  document   document

test:  returns a list of sample images containing the info files in the given file .
truth: load sample images for image manipulation . 
test:  load   load
truth:  sample   sample

test:  checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats .
truth: this function checks whether translation files provide a translation for some technical message id to store partial date formats . 
test:  copy   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate the binary crossentropy between the target and output .
truth: compute the crossentropy of binary random variables . 
test:  null   crossentropy
truth:  compute   compute

test:  mark a module-level configs as deprecated .
truth: warn about deprecated configs . 
test:  limiting   parse
truth:  warn   null

test:  creates a url .
truth: returns the url for static content that doesnt get translated . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a helper to max .
truth: compute np . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  compute   np

test:  helper to format a number of original information for a phone number .
truth: format a number using the original format that the number was parsed from . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  format   a

test:  converts a complex accuracy to the works as a number of 2d image .
truth: returns relative accuracy of a complex number with given accuracies for the real and imaginary parts . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the media player .
truth: pause or resume . 
test:  set   set
truth:  pause   pause

test:  returns the complex part of the new expression .
truth: no = 0 for real part . 
test:  null   field
truth:  =   =

test:  computes polynomial sturm sequence of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: computes the sturm sequence of f in f[x] . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse out the string from the user info as an open string .
truth: parse data into an xml elementtree . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  parse   data

test:  same as a // b .
truth: same as a //= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  see if the file is column based with respect to a separator .
truth: checks whether the file is column based with respect to a separator . 
test:  if   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  add a single virtual jobs to the minion list cli example: .
truth: add the specified values to the named list if stamp is true . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  copies a file from a remote machine to a local key .
truth: copies a file from the local machine to a remote one . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   a

test:  delete a parameter group .
truth: delete an rds parameter group . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  make a figure for the given figure and height it for the running figure .
truth: draw a matplotlib figure onto a tk canvas loc: location of top-left corner of figure on canvas in pixels . 
test:  create   a
truth:  draw   a

test:  validate the context .
truth: get a value from the config by key . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   a

test:  handler for that app security headers .
truth: set some headers across all http responses . 
test:  generates   security
truth:  set   set

test:  add a new projects if a servicegroup cli example: .
truth: bind a servicegroup to a vserver cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   a

test:  return the bull graph .
truth: return the bull graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a context manager that changes the jinja line with a context manager .
truth: disable jinja2 autoescape . 
test:  search   line
truth:  disable   jinja2

test:  wraps a wsgi config file .
truth: loads a context from a config file . 
test:  start   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  get group types by name .
truth: get group types by name or id . 
test:  get   group
truth:  get   group

test:  returns the number of stored in the response .
truth: return the ttl that we should store our objects with . 
test:  get   get
truth:  return   return

test:  build / wrapper for a subscription .
truth: a shortcut function for building a package . 
test:  takes   version
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  test parsing of buggy implementation for benchmarks during a bug iterate iterate over parsing .
truth: test decorator for buggy mkl issues . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  test   decorator

test:  returns a network .
truth: convert an ip with no prefix to cidr notation . 
test:  to   str
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of files that configure the given list of changed files .
truth: returns a list of modified files returns: a list of filenames of modified files . 
test:  run   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  resolve an object by name .
truth: recursively resolve all i{$ref} json references in a json schema . 
test:  resolves   resolves
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parses a string .
truth: parses a string and return a datetime . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a theano class for the given domain .
truth: determine the class distribution for a given array of classifications . 
test:  get   fixes
truth:  determine   null

test:  decorator to use the tests to find the backend .
truth: use this decorator to disable test on specified backend . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  use   use

test:  return the command line path .
truth: return the path to the system-wide site-functions directory or c{none} if it cannot be determined . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds prereg registration registration that has the metadata and corrects registration :return: a revision .
truth: finds veer draft registrations whose registration_metadata has an undefined key and corrects . 
test:  finds   prereg
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a generator that returns a different {0 of length k at least the given length .
truth: get all neighboring keys around center . 
test:  expand   expand
truth:  get   get

test:  checks if the kernel is a server .
truth: sanity check some of the parameters to generate_control() . 
test:  to   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return vmlinux .
truth: return the full path to vmlinux ahem . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  delete a cache cluster .
truth: delete a cache cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a .
truth: base name of a path . 
test:  name   returns
truth:  name   name

test:  disables one action action by the hot action .
truth: convert an action into a size x size array of zeros with a 1 at x . 
test:  null   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned from a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test saving mri mri .
truth: test rendering mri for mne report . 
test:  test   test
truth:  rendering   rendering

test:  return a list of all bevel found in the rectangle .
truth: get the beveled rectangle . 
test:  get   validator
truth:  get   get

test:  helper function for a+b+c} an expression with an element .
truth: write an expression with bosonic or fermionic operators on normal ordered form . 
test:  filter   order
truth:  write   null

test:  converts the dictionaries of the blocks to a dictionary of strings for the keys of the strings .
truth: format as an environment block directly suitable for createprocess . 
test:  iterates   build
truth:  format   format

test:  modifies a view function by setting a view function that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header .
truth: modifies a view function by setting a response variable that instructs xframeoptionsmiddleware to not set the x-frame-options http header . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns the length of the value - useful for lists .
truth: returns the length of the value - useful for lists . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to enforce read-only logic .
truth: wraps a method to log the event taken on the instance . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  return a filename .
truth: executes cmd as a child process and returns the childs output . 
test:  function   null
truth:  executes   cmd

test:  returns a class for a string .
truth: convert a string version of a function name to the callable object . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the pyc object .
truth: possibly read a pytest pyc containing rewritten code . 
test:  reads   read
truth:  read   read

test:  display a duck search .
truth: searches bing and duck duck go . 
test:  list   a
truth:  searches   bing

test:  construct a pipeline from a estimators .
truth: construct a pipeline from the given estimators . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  device errors in order to files and log them .
truth: jsonschema returns an error tree full of information to explain what has gone wrong . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure the target is not loaded on the target .
truth: spawn a new window via ipc call . 
test:  make   null
truth:  spawn   a

test:  concatenates the operator .
truth: indexes/slices an operator . 
test:  get   multiple
truth:  null   null

test:  projects projects by xmodule .
truth: prefer entry_points from the xmodule package . 
test:  place   use
truth:  null   entry_points

test:  identify an image in a separate service .
truth: uses the vision api to identify the landmark in the given image . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  uses   uses

test:  copy the cache object into a dict .
truth: copy cache for <funcname> from cacheobj to obj . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  cache   cache

test:  elementwise hyperbolic sine function .
truth: elementwise arcsine function . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   elementwise

test:  replace all occurences of string with a different string .
truth: replace all occurences of string with a different string . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  delete a brocade port .
truth: delete brocade specific port . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   brocade

test:  defines the inception v3 for inception scope .
truth: yields the scope with the default parameters for inception_v3 . 
test:  break   wrap
truth:  yields   null

test:  serve a static resource from the given filename .
truth: serve a static resource from the given filename . 
test:  serve   a
truth:  serve   a

test:  setup the available auth certificate file / secret .
truth: setup a simple echo server with curve auth . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  setup   a

test:  unpack constraints from a sequence of a single column .
truth: unpacks a vector into a list of values for constraints . 
test:  takes   decipher
truth:  unpacks   a

test:  converts a numeric value to a rubbish object .
truth: optionally converts a cdao-prefixed uri into an obo-prefixed uri . 
test:  converts   function
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns the popularity value for the given obj .
truth: returns popularity value for the given obj to use in elasticsearch . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   popularity

test:  return an iterator over attribute .
truth: format mopidy model values for output to mpd client . 
test:  like   null
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a list of valid open file .
truth: differentiate f with respect to symbols . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  differentiate   f

test:  return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and and angle angle between a line through and and having angle t2 and a line through and
truth: return a intersecting point between a line through and having angle t1 and a line through and angle t2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  launch the given pid for the given pid .
truth: start a process that will free a lock when process pid terminates . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  start   a

test:  checks if the name is can still be parsed back to its original form for both single and multi .
truth: checks if the name can still be parsed if you strip off the folders to determine if we need to force season folders to be enabled or not . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  filters all es names with the given key names .
truth: filter out kwargs from a dictionary . 
test:  null   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  encode a string for inclusion in a form .
truth: url-encode strings to make them safe for an extension-av : <any char except ctls or ";"> . 
test:  null   change
truth:  null   strings

test:  checks if a snippet is provided .
truth: checks if an undefined-step snippet is provided for a step in behave command output . 
test:  step   in
truth:  if   checks

test:  return module version or none if name does not exist .
truth: return module version or none if version cant be retrieved . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  set user active .
truth: set users last active date to current datetime . 
test:  commit   frappe
truth:  set   users

test:  ensure that a path exists .
truth: create a directory . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  create   a

test:  finds all files within a feature .
truth: featureloader finds all feature files within a directory . 
test:  null   feature
truth:  finds   null

test:  calculates a security hash for the given form instance .
truth: calculates a security hash for the given form instance . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  checks if the url is a valid endpoint .
truth: verify the endpoint_url is valid . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  verify   null

test:  return a random source formatted for crypt() .
truth: returns distinct binary samples of length dimensions . 
test:  generates   algorithm
truth:  returns   returns

test:  enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe .
truth: enable serializers that are considered to be unsafe . 
test:  enable   serializers
truth:  enable   serializers

test:  returns a link to the primary model .
truth: returns the main model singleton . 
test:  module   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retrieve single flavor by flavor id .
truth: retrieve flavor by flavorid . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   flavor

test:  decorator that checks if the current user is in the current session .
truth: return true if user has never logged in before . 
test:  require   null
truth:  return   return

test:  deletes a document .
truth: update the server with the data for the current document . 
test:  return   null
truth:  update   update

test:  get nic stats .
truth: get nic stats . 
test:  get   nic
truth:  get   nic

test:  parse image description .
truth: using the info[description] . 
test:  imports   information
truth:  using   null

test:  helper decorator for define a function after a function returns a function that maps matcher .
truth: return a function that takes matcher factories and constructs a matcher that applies function to candidate matchees . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of all normal products .
truth: get a list of the variables in the operator and their sizes . 
test:  decide   a
truth:  get   a

test:  partitions partitions by test .
truth: partitions a test suite by test type . 
test:  partitions   a
truth:  partitions   a

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like djangos but captures the traceback encoding .
truth: return the best guessed encoding to be used for printing on sys . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  return   return

test:  get the dot product of a pair of complexes .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a pair of complexes . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a watcher .
truth: do nothing . 
test:  loop   a
truth:  do   nothing

test:  create a certificate record .
truth: create a certificate from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   data
truth:  create   a

test:  determine if the firewall is google .
truth: determine if we are running on a google cloud platform instance . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  add the path to the path .
truth: add the y intersection path to the y intersection paths . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the row of a matrix .
truth: returns the ith row of a matrix examples . 
test:  null   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that a pecl extension is valid .
truth: make sure that a package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  list all the incron file for this vmware environment cli example: .
truth: writes the contents of a file to a users incrontab cli example: . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  if this file exists .
truth: the content of the static file to check . 
test:  null   null
truth:  content   content

test:  log request .
truth: write request headers to the cherrypy error log . 
test:  null   a
truth:  request   request

test:  convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest .
truth: convert a docstring into lines of parseable rest . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write text to a .
truth: write text to file assuming encoding return encoding . 
test:  write   normalize
truth:  text   text

test:  sanitize a sab .
truth: return foldername with dodgy chars converted to safe ones remove any leading and trailing dot and space characters . 
test:  resolves   a
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches a url .
truth: returns fetched url . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  fetched   returns

test:  validates whether number meets to float32 are in the correct order .
truth: throws for the disallowed cases . 
test:  validates   check
truth:  throws   null

test:  make some change to a deployment .
truth: make some change to a deployment configuration . 
test:  return   a
truth:  make   null

test:  get the ip addresses of an ipv6 address .
truth: get the ipv6 addresses assigned to an interface . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check if the firewall is initialized .
truth: check if a database has been initialized for the orm . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   check

test:  simply print unformatted text .
truth: simply print unformatted text . 
test:  like   print
truth:  print   print

test:  makes the config file .
truth: update a config with a random django key . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  update   a

test:  a view that displays error messages .
truth: error view . 
test:  error   error
truth:  view   view

test:  process a floating point line of a matplotlib function .
truth: determine if the word starts with round or square brackets . 
test:  retrieve   word
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new 128 .
truth: returns an instance of :class:decimal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a valid config .
truth: given a valid config . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a service cli examples: .
truth: delete a service from keystone service catalog cli examples: . 
test:  delete   service
truth:  delete   a

test:  wait for the dependency dependencies map .
truth: if requirejs is loaded on the page . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  filter image with gaussian filter .
truth: compute structure tensor using sum of squared differences . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   structure

test:  tests that the base access access to .
truth: tests suggestion can be accepted with a comment . 
test:  if   test
truth:  tests   suggestion

test:  logs a context with the given log log .
truth: set the context for the currently executing function and optionally log it . 
test:  extract   s
truth:  set   set

test:  attempt to execute a new operation using the area media .
truth: start map as part of datastore admin operation . 
test:  null   null
truth:  map   map

test:  get the certificate from the given certificate .
truth: extract info from a certificate in an handy-to-index-and-query form . 
test:  read   samples
truth:  extract   info

test:  regression test for url this currently tested via the cookie cookie should work with the right targets .
truth: issue: url . 
test:  tests   check
truth:  url   url

test:  save an to a file .
truth: save your session ! . 
test:  saves   a
truth:  save   null

test:  return a list of fieldset .
truth: return the fieldset with the specified id . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return system disk usage as a numeric canonical canonical .
truth: return disk usage associated with path . 
test:  -   disk
truth:  return   disk

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   string
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  validate the google search scheme .
truth: validate <url> -- runs url through the w3c markup validator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  check that the stream is a stream of bytes .
truth: print with color . 
test:  registers   arg
truth:  print   print

test:  returns the http greeting .
truth: responds to request from frontend via gateway . 
test:  returns   reports
truth:  to   null

test:  a decorator to check if the path is available .
truth: checks if the mock module is available . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  given an etree elementtree .
truth: removes any namespace information form the given element recursively . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  integration test - training .
truth: integration test - training then prediction: attention model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  tests that we find decimal numbers with negative signs .
truth: test that we find no number in a string with no numbers . 
test:  test   check
truth:  test   test

test:  load a notebook notebook .
truth: prepare the ipython notebook for displaying bokeh plots . 
test:  null   null
truth:  prepare   null

test:  handles labels on the port .
truth: replace labels dict by a new one . 
test:  use   labels
truth:  labels   labels

test:  convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer .
truth: convert decimal dotted quad string to long integer . 
test:  is   decimal
truth:  convert   decimal

test:  take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  stochastic gradient descent updates with the root of the root mean .
truth: adagrad updates scale learning rates by dividing with the square root of accumulated squared gradients . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list .
truth: run all of the benchmarks registered in the benchmarkfuncs list . 
test:  null   run
truth:  run   run

test:  synchronization decorator with classes enabled .
truth: return a synchronization wrapper for a value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get cleaved text . 
test:  get   scale
truth:  get   get

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  escape a string so that it can be used as an html string .
truth: shell escape the given string . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  escape   escape

test:  set the scroll commands to be used by the backend .
truth: link a scrollable widget to its scroll bars . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  link   a

test:  find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the sobel transform . 
test:  null   measure
truth:  find   find

test:  process the requested template from a template .
truth: return the contents after applying the templating engine contents template string template template format context overrides default context variables passed to the template . 
test:  copy   apply
truth:  return   return

test:  print the evaluated value for the evaluated data .
truth: display ret data . 
test:  return   function
truth:  display   ret

test:  wrapper around activelanepermute_wavewidth_* .
truth: return a python dict representing the xml response . 
test:  exception   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  runs the testsuite specific code .
truth: runs mpris interface and listens for changes connection - pipe to communicate with this module . 
test:  point   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  adjust the string of all pids of the pattern .
truth: reliably terminate processes matching a pattern . 
test:  try   a
truth:  terminate   null

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a radom cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  a: a theano matrix b: a theano matrix returns the matrix-vector product of a and b .
truth: a: a theano matrix b: a theano vector returns the matrix-vector product of a and b . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  compute the simultaneous for the simultaneous at the first vector many by the test parameters .
truth: compute simultaneous confidence intervals for comparison of means . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  nthhost returns true if value is a nthhost .
truth: get the nth host within a given network . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  get   get

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems . 
test:  initialize   in
truth:  initialize   null

test:  on delete of files from the private file object and admins the database to the descriptors .
truth: on delete of the file object from the database . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  returns the full path component .
truth: returns a full url for the given path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  test custom inverse of custom inverse when the inverse of multiple inverse date is applied than the inverse .
truth: test setting a custom inverse on a model . 
test:  test   test
truth:  setting   setting

test:  determine the url corresponding to python object .
truth: determine the url corresponding to python object . 
test:  samples   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  create a metadata class from a parser .
truth: create a metadata class from a parser . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  construct a machine header containing all sql attributes .
truth: example result for machine_labels=[index . 
test:  convert   helper
truth:  result   result

test:  returns a standard .
truth: returns a status code indicating a sandbox receipt on the production itunes server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a new array with lu decomposition of the matrix .
truth: matrix constructs new matrices from 2d nested lists of numbers . 
test:  create   a
truth:  constructs   matrix

test:  helper for *_no_command rules for a given > > certificate .
truth: call into numba_attempt_nocopy_reshape() for the given array type and instance . 
test:  place   a
truth:  call   call

test:  return a protocol from the tool shed tool .
truth: return a partial tool shed url . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the redirect to the route regex .
truth: returns a route that redirects /foo/ to /foo . 
test:  collect   utility
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a package name and a list of strings .
truth: extracts version values from the main matplotlib __init__ . 
test:  extracts   call
truth:  extracts   version

test:  force autoescape behaviour for this block .
truth: force autoescape behavior for this block . 
test:  force   autoescape
truth:  force   autoescape

test:  returns a checkpoint for the model model specified as model for the model model update for the model model available in the model model .
truth: creates directory for serialization of the model checkpointlabel: checkpoint label returns: absolute path to the serialization directory . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  creates   directory

test:  decorator to given another view only into a handler .
truth: given a middleware class . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a dictionary mapping lists to heap permutations .
truth: continously calls max_heapify on the list for each subtree . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  like the full cryptographically function in a configparser-format file .
truth: get the header from an extension of a fits file . 
test:  import   utility
truth:  get   get

test:  creates a numeric tensor containing the given expression .
truth: flattens the input while maintaining the batch_size . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flattens   null

test:  send a message to a channel or channel .
truth: send a message to a given channel or nick . 
test:  give   server
truth:  send   a

test:  set a response cookie for the client .
truth: set a response cookie for the client . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  from a wcs .
truth: issue #444 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  issue   issue

test:  validate a user from a resource .
truth: validate a user against a resource . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  convert an s3 key to a uri for the given key .
truth: convert a boto key object into an s3:// uri . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  computes the approximation of a sequence .
truth: return a list where each element is the sum up to that point . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  matches a regextokenizer with the given character .
truth: return a tokenized copy of *text* . 
test:  return   render
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the number of nanoseconds since this year .
truth: produces a list of datetime . 
test:  time   null
truth:  produces   a

test:  return a declarative base class instance for the name of the declarative backend .
truth: returns a base class which should be inherited to construct artifact type object using the declarative syntax of attribute definition . 
test:  sends   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of course milestones for the specified course .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  null   api

test:  estimate complex matrix of a complex matrix .
truth: estimate rank of a complex matrix to a specified relative precision using random sampling . 
test:  map   compute
truth:  rank   rank

test:  convert text to a long .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  parse a datetime .
truth: parse asctime-style dates . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  indent text .
truth: indent given lines of python code avoiding indenting multiline quoted content . 
test:  text   compare
truth:  given   indent

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: drill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  cool   a
truth:  drill   a

test:  finds closest match in which there are direct in seq2: i .
truth: finds closest match to query_seq assumes: all sequences are same length no sequence appears twice in seq_possibilities returns * best_hit is closest sequence from seq_possibilities . 
test:  finds   returns
truth:  finds   null

test:  display a list of home page .
truth: home page . 
test:  null   endpoint
truth:  null   page

test:  user can skip tests .
truth: user can login . 
test:  null   user
truth:  null   user

test:  make a human-friendly string .
truth: make verbose . 
test:  verbose   verbose
truth:  verbose   verbose

test:  get current scale scale .
truth: get the current video scaling factor . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  convert 8bit parts of a mime mail message to quoted-printable .
truth: convert quoted-printable parts of a mime mail message to 8bit . 
test:  convert   8bit
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return the uid id for a user .
truth: try to change uid and gid to the provided values . 
test:  find   grain
truth:  to   try

test:  sets the vlanid state to be unused .
truth: sets the vlanid state to be unused . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  called by the timeout .
truth: shutdown the instance . 
test:  send   instance
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  execute the given doc as docfield .
truth: patch reference: 1 . 
test:  like   null
truth:  patch   patch

test:  decorate a function to cache its output .
truth: cache the return value of a function without arguments . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  cache   cache

test:  create a new global secondary table .
truth: creates a single global secondary index on a dynamodb table . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  setup the wink sensor platform .
truth: set up the wink platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  calculates a checksum correlation coefficient for a given offset .
truth: fletcher checksum -- refer to rfc1008 calling with offset == _fletcher_checksum_validate will validate the checksum without modifying the buffer; a valid checksum returns 0 . 
test:  calculates   benchmark
truth:  null   checksum

test:  ask for a filename to save as .
truth: ask for a filename to save as . 
test:  is   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  test that a path exists .
truth: should systemexit with an nonexistent python interpreter path . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   systemexit

test:  instantiate a der class .
truth: instantiate a der object class . 
test:  instantiate   a
truth:  instantiate   a

test:  generate an struct_or_union where the given unit is called from an gcc unit .
truth: helper for displaying ad unit tree . 
test:  see   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the default encoding type .
truth: get file used to get codec information . 
test:  get   get
truth:  file   file

test:  return value forced within range .
truth: return value forced within range . 
test:  value   method
truth:  value   value

test:  remove a user from a group .
truth: remove user from group . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   user

test:  check for enhanced stream at name .
truth: enable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disassociate   null
truth:  enhanced   enable

test:  report delete .
truth: report delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  updates a security group security group cli example: .
truth: updates a security group cli example: . 
test:  update   a
truth:  updates   a

test:  represent the day summary of a file .
truth: represent the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  represent   null

test:  get the evaluated dictionary by copykeys .
truth: get the cubic path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extract all fields of duplicates .
truth: returns duplicates out of a list modified from stackoverflow . 
test:  return   a
truth:  duplicates   duplicates

test:  helper for reading of filepaths .
truth: returns a dict of all the known xdg base directories for the current user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a list of matrices .
truth: get the possible states that can be produced in a measurement . 
test:  null   a
truth:  get   get

test:  set the given properties on a project and update it .
truth: update a quota or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  a fake test .
truth: test the built-in notfound exception works . 
test:  test   exception
truth:  test   test

test:  removes a module from a filesystem .
truth: unload a module . 
test:  to   one
truth:  unload   a

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  release all hosts .
truth: release some hosts . 
test:  release   release
truth:  release   release

test:  removes files needed for start= if it isnt going to be used .
truth: recursively remove an entire directory tree . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  send a notification about a given host .
truth: send a notification about host update . 
test:  send   =
truth:  send   a

test:  clear any lxc variables set in __context__ .
truth: clear any lxc variables set in __context__ . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  set up client .
truth: set up the webcase classes to match the servers socket settings . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  compile a list of strings .
truth: compiles a regex object that matches each of the given strings . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compiles   a

test:  unquotes a header value .
truth: unquotes a header value . 
test:  unquotes   a
truth:  unquotes   a

test:  match a string in the form of the string .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   try

test:  gets the list of flags for a given user .
truth: get flags for an object . 
test:  returns   messages
truth:  flags   flags

test:  execute one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of cmd .
truth: run one or more nagios plugins from pillar data and get the result of run_type the pillar have to be in this format: webserver: ping_google: - check_icmp: 8 . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  run   one

test:  converts a string to a datetime for the given datetime .
truth: returns a datetime given an elasticsearch date/datetime field . 
test:  returns   character
truth:  returns   a

test:  translate a file:// message to a numpy value .
truth: convert possibly compressed wire format into a name . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  stop all instances for the given module and version .
truth: stops all instances for the given version of the module . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stops   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: returns true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  returns   returns

test:  basic gradient ascent step .
truth: basic gradient ascent step . 
test:  to   media
truth:  null   gradient

test:  a signal receiver which updates the last login date .
truth: identical to djangos built-in handler except that we gracefully handle database failures . 
test:  signal   signal
truth:  to   null

test:  send a trace to the equivalence matrix and draw it .
truth: color channels in selection topomap when selecting bads . 
test:  change   image
truth:  color   channels

test:  import all public tests to a python module .
truth: import and return the pywin32 module with the passed name . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  determine if the datastore is running in the datastore .
truth: determine whether already running in transaction . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  determine   null

test:  return true if the given interface is a router interface .
truth: based on the port attributes determines is it a router interface . 
test:  if   return
truth:  based   null

test:  collate a string into a single string .
truth: collate a string representation of c{root} into a single string . 
test:  collate   a
truth:  collate   a

test:  shorten a dictionary with pairs as pairs .
truth: takes a list of key ids . 
test:  create   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib .
truth: this is a debug function to draw a rectangle around the bounding box returned by :meth:~matplotlib . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  this function is the ancestor list in the segments list .
truth: segments the list of email addresses emails into count segments . 
test:  overrides   a
truth:  null   segments

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: site activity reports: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   activity

test:  parses a query string like parse_querystring .
truth: parses a query string into a list like [] . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a batch of targets for the given batch .
truth: return a configured oslo_messaging notification listener . 
test:  get   function
truth:  return   a

test:  remove the files stored in the restricted way .
truth: get matches for path expression cli example: . 
test:  load   null
truth:  matches   matches

test:  returns a diffchunkgenerator class used for rendering diffs .
truth: returns a diffrenderer instance used for rendering diffs . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  we only vxlan vxlan as a drop-in .
truth: return true if vxlan vnid is in use by an interface . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check that the firstset is valid .
truth: checks the firstset for the pattern . 
test:  check   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  chop off the sequence .
truth: chops the number of octets given off front of seq . 
test:  time   source
truth:  chops   chops

test:  destroy the volume type or raise if it does not exist .
truth: delete a volume type . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  test function to test compatible with views work in altaz .
truth: check the basic cirs<->altaz transforms . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  send update table .
truth: send insert into table . 
test:  send   send
truth:  insert   insert

test:  set a function .
truth: recreates a serialized function . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  null   a

test:  munging to turn a method name into a pre-hook-method-name .
truth: munging to turn a method name into an original identifier . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  create a string that can be used as a dictionary .
truth: replacement for djangos slugify which allows unicode chars in slugs . 
test:  wait   unicode
truth:  null   replacement

test:  iterate over object .
truth: makes everything iterable . 
test:  object   null
truth:  makes   everything

test:  check the 2samples distribution .
truth: q-q plot of two samples quantiles . 
test:  check   hack
truth:  plot   plot

test:  make a string with formatted correlation .
truth: given the name of the type of string . 
test:  get   null
truth:  given   null

test:  get all pending stats of the given stats .
truth: request worker statistics/information . 
test:  null   information
truth:  request   worker

test:  determine if specified command line exists .
truth: create the best argument for a raise macos . 
test:  check   null
truth:  create   create

test:  given a matplotlib figure .
truth: save an array as in image file . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  this function is the main client that will ever be started for the autoconfig server .
truth: creates the client as specified in the luigi . 
test:  return   cache
truth:  creates   null

test:  runs a single web server .
truth: copies flask-appbuilder static files to your projects static folder . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  copies   copies

test:  get type name for a type or column .
truth: returns a user-friendly name descriping the given objects type . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove network network_id from network .
truth: remove a network network_id id of network cli example: . 
test:  inspect   network
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns a json-string with all the word .
truth: return a html page of nltk browser format constructed from the word and body . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  return the name of the operating system .
truth: get the path for pyqt5s libegl . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get the type name for a given type .
truth: get the numba type class for buffer-compatible python *typ* . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  given a thing type name .
truth: given a thing type name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert __namespace__ keys into an authorized key .
truth: convert a list of keys to a list of keys with the app_id of the caller . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  tests that the marginal value can be loaded .
truth: tests the max_scaling argument to the constructor . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns the number of inter-community edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g .
truth: returns the number of inter-community non-edges according to the given partition of the nodes of g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets all virtual interface for the given instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  return crontab information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return crontab information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   acpi_tables
truth:  return   crontab

test:  returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls .
truth: returns a 405 method not allowed error for cls . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  calling test .
truth: the following probably should not work but does and wont be fixed by the dlr . 
test:  given   edit
truth:  following   following

test:  iterates through all translations that depend on a yaml stream .
truth: for each source message . 
test:  merge   null
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a task which updates the reserved object .
truth: update global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   updates
truth:  update   update

test:  list all active mon for a given job id cli example: .
truth: is mon deamon running cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  is   null

test:  checks that the user is not a permission to use the permission .
truth: raise popupexception if user doesnt have permission to modify the design . 
test:  if   user
truth:  raise   popupexception

test:  verify that source and b .
truth: make sure two sourceestimates are compatible for arith . 
test:  estimate   requires
truth:  make   null

test:  send a vm to a virtual machine or id cli example: .
truth: reset a vm by emulating the reset button on a physical machine cli example: . 
test:  resets   reset
truth:  reset   a

test:  it should support download from pypi from a requirements file .
truth: it should support download from pypi from a requirements file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  keeps a collection of files .
truth: when this function is run from the main thread . 
test:  solve   run
truth:  null   null

test:  escape & .
truth: old versions of python-ldap wont get dn escaping . 
test:  make   escape
truth:  null   versions

test:  this utility to retrieve the masking .
truth: return nginx config grains value . 
test:  build   parses
truth:  return   nginx

test:  add the prefix to the multi-character .
truth: dummy key_function for testing index code . 
test:  add   null
truth:  null   dummy

test:  test the behavior of --user flag in the list command .
truth: test the behavior of --user --format=columns flags in the list command . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a formatted string with the minutes in the future .
truth: get the time in minutes from a timestamp . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate batches of batches versions of imagenet images .
truth: generate batches of imagenet images for evaluation . 
test:  generates   datetime
truth:  generate   batches

test:  find the corpus that will sort the isozaki .
truth: this function "calculates ribes for a system output with multiple references . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  function   function

test:  delete a dataset .
truth: delete a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  change the qapplication qapplication .
truth: change the name of the qapplication instance . 
test:  make   null
truth:  change   change

test:  run a bash shell command with a different error .
truth: run a bash shell command bash . 
test:  return   wrapper
truth:  run   a

test:  return the numeric assortativity matrix .
truth: compute assortativity for numerical node attributes . 
test:  uses   execution
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return information about a certificate the certificate to use the certificate to identify the certificate file this user .
truth: return information about a certificate . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  return   information

test:  converts a string argument to a unicode string .
truth: converts a string argument to a byte string . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  delete a vm .
truth: start the rabbitmq application . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  check that path is a matrix where the zarp sets of bytes or both are stored .
truth: compare two sets . 
test:  check   check
truth:  compare   compare

test:  find image or raises a module with a name .
truth: find a server image by id or name . 
test:  find   images
truth:  find   a

test:  removes all or a given single role for a user from a tenant .
truth: removes all roles from a user on a tenant . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  wrap request handler methods with this if they are not already on the expected exceptions .
truth: a decorator to automatically re-route overloaded posts that specify the real http method in a _method query string . 
test:  request   function
truth:  null   decorator

test:  remove all current tag from question .
truth: remove a tag from question . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  ensure the keystone real tenant is absent .
truth: ensure that the keystone tenant is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  generate image with a figure .
truth: helper function to generate a figure arguments: data : data to plot h : height w : width x_range : range for x y_range : range for y plot_size : plot size returns: bokeh . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  function   function

test:  user-callable function to create and return a unique temporary file .
truth: user-callable function to return a unique temporary file name . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the base fact name .
truth: return the literal fact of an atom . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: check to see if the named service is disabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  attempts to wrap a string with a hypothesis string .
truth: wrap long strings in the series/index to be formatted in paragraphs with length less than a given width . 
test:  wrap   wrap
truth:  wrap   long

test:  returns a list of all the ipv4 addresses assigned to the given interface .
truth: returns a list of ipv4 addresses assigned to the host . 
test:  create   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the physical data in the minion .
truth: return a dict of the files located with the given path and environment . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  h weekly finds weekly downloads .
truth: update 7-day add-on download counts . 
test:  null   up
truth:  update   update

test:  normal risch differential equation - normal part of the denominator .
truth: normal part of the denominator . 
test:  null   risch
truth:  null   part

test:  convert a raw byte into a long integer .
truth: convert a raw data into a long integer . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  make a call to the make .
truth: make msg clear line when output . 
test:  log   msg
truth:  msg   msg

test:  remove directory in sys .
truth: adds an entry to the beginning of sys . 
test:  add   function
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a dict with all of the same name and templates: values .
truth: return a cleaned up host with given url options set changes protocol to https if ssl is set to true and http if ssl is set to false . 
test:  clean   task
truth:  return   a

test:  put one value to the labjack device eput is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone .
truth: perform one call to the labjack device eget is equivilent to an addrequest followed by a goone . 
test:  null   server
truth:  perform   one

test:  parse a filename into a list of human-readable page .
truth: given a list of filenames and page ranges . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the token is invalid .
truth: conditionally reject a token based on platform and version . 
test:  if   check
truth:  reject   reject

test:  return information about the specified package .
truth: get the version from pkg-info file if we can . 
test:  package   package
truth:  get   get

test:  constructs a ctypes class with a name .
truth: takes a library name and calls find_library in case loading fails . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  test an existing suggestion .
truth: tests translation can be applied after suggestion is accepted . 
test:  insert   tests
truth:  tests   translation

test:  shear images with the same arguments .
truth: shear an image randomly or non-randomly . 
test:  return   image
truth:  null   null

test:  sets the db model to download the current model .
truth: save a new/modified model to database . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   a

test:  returns the authenticated configuration for the specified dns tld if specified .
truth: retrieves dns host record settings for the requested domain . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  retrieves   dns

test:  create a continuous random variable with a geometric distribution .
truth: create a finite random variable representing a coin toss . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get an http response .
truth: get cluster capability infos . 
test:  pull   parse
truth:  get   cluster

test:  returns a valid version of distutils .
truth: check the version of bower to ensure this module will work . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  check   check

test:  document add .
truth: new document form . 
test:  null   conditions
truth:  document   document

test:  returns the user-specific site-packages directory path .
truth: returns the user-specific site-packages directory path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  authentication decorator .
truth: decorator to note which object methods require authorization . 
test:  null   authentication
truth:  to   decorator

test:  finds the parameters from the given fields .
truth: find parameters in the given fields . 
test:  find   parameters
truth:  find   parameters

test:  query the data from the remote server .
truth: remove jobs from the queue . 
test:  perform   apply
truth:  remove   jobs

test:  return a block diagonal object from a arrs array parameters diag : list of strings a numpy array a : bool .
truth: create a block diagonal matrix from provided arrays . 
test:  avoid   multiple
truth:  create   a

test:  helper for running commands quietly for minion startup .
truth: execute the passed command and return the output as a string . 
test:  null   run
truth:  execute   null

test:  test reading raw example using ctf tags .
truth: test ctf reader with omitted samples . 
test:  reading   test
truth:  test   test

test:  runs the test sdk .
truth: run the tests using testrunner . 
test:  convert   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  never mix tabs and spaces .
truth: never mix tabs and spaces . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mix   null

test:  get the translate matrix .
truth: get scale matrix and delete the scale attributes . 
test:  translate   vector3
truth:  scale   scale

test:  looks to see if mdata-get is present on the system .
truth: looks to see if dladm is present on the system . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  print a message as a matrix .
truth: this function prints a confusion matrix for a particular classification task . 
test:  print   prints
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the lu decomposition of a sparse matrix .
truth: solve argmin_x || ax - b ||_2 for x>=0 . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  solve   solve

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  delete   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  get submodules and use all submodules .
truth: get all submodules of the module . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  list all known hosts on the given zone .
truth: builds a host list suitable for use in a firewall rule . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns true if f is isreadable .
truth: returns true if the file-like object can be read from . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dict all of the installed facts file for a specific fact .
truth: run facter and return the results cli example: . 
test:  lists   variable
truth:  run   facter

test:  return a character representation of the character character with the character class .
truth: calculate italian vat number check digit . 
test:  text   number
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  function to download a * .
truth: download a file . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   a

test:  take a snapshot of a snapshot and all its logical logical logical snapshot the snapshot .
truth: take a snapshot of the original logical volume . 
test:  search   a
truth:  take   a

test:  get the evaluated dictionary .
truth: get the bracket values and delete the evaluator . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a decorator for type names .
truth: wrap up numpy function into dask . 
test:  wraps   conversion
truth:  wrap   up

test:  test that cross huge function works with cross product .
truth: test cross product with lots of elements . 
test:  cross   accepts
truth:  cross   cross

test:  convert int int to dotted quad string .
truth: convert long int to dotted quad string . 
test:  int   int
truth:  convert   long

test:  add a sparse tensor to a tensor or a tensor .
truth: add two matrices . 
test:  log   null
truth:  add   add

test:  encode and sign a pickle-able object .
truth: encode and sign a pickle-able object . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  test that a slices slices slices convert convert convert a unit .
truth: convert 1 d chunks . 
test:  plugin   image
truth:  convert   convert

test:  convert nxn to height .
truth: squeezing operation: reshape to convert space to channels . 
test:  given   read
truth:  squeezing   null

test:  delete a metadef tag or raise if namespace doesnt exist .
truth: delete an tag or raise if namespace or tag doesnt exist . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  test that the inverse of mapping doctors is correct .
truth: tests inverting a compound model that includes a mapping . 
test:  test   integer
truth:  tests   tests

test:  compute edges in a minimum spanning forest on an undirected weighted graph or forest .
truth: generate edges in a minimum spanning forest of an undirected weighted graph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   edges

test:  decorator that ensures a function is not used .
truth: ignore the known deprecationwarnings . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  ignore   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd using gcd algorithm .
truth: computes polynomial gcd and cofactors of f and g in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  computes   polynomial

test:  add stl given stl text .
truth: add faces given stl binary . 
test:  add   faces
truth:  add   faces

test:  return the power of x .
truth: creates a tensor by tiling x by n . 
test:  function   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  given a function name and a split_name .
truth: get the value of the key name in kwargs . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog .
truth: output language statistics of committed translation files for each django catalog . 
test:  output   current
truth:  output   language

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  returns an array .
truth: produces an array of booleans representing the given argument as an unsigned integer . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  produces   null

test:  find a realm entity for a person entity .
truth: get the default realm of an entity . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  long line candle .
truth: concealing baby swallow . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   baby

test:  display a file mappings for the axes .
truth: format multiple blockdevicemappingitemtype . 
test:  creates   list
truth:  format   multiple

test:  check a files that would work out of this project .
truth: check for uncommitted git files . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  constructs a dictionary of json from a json file .
truth: reads behave json output file back in and stores information in behave model elements . 
test:  parse   json
truth:  behave   behave

test:  on a backing file depending on the backing file .
truth: parse the output of losetup --all which varies depending on the privileges of the user . 
test:  parse   list
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the line graph for each edge .
truth: returns the direct product of cyclic groups with the given orders . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to format a warning the standard way .
truth: function to format a warning the standard way . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   function

test:  return index page .
truth: show the index page or any an offset of it . 
test:  searches   replaces
truth:  show   show

test:  kill a namespace with the given namespace .
truth: kill all processes listening within the given namespace . 
test:  to   metadata
truth:  kill   kill

test:  removes a local name from the current python module .
truth: in apps . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  null   apps

test:  create a vm record in the vm record .
truth: create read-only fields in the vm record . 
test:  create   users
truth:  create   create

test:  restores the original query object to create a list of tuples .
truth: restore merged options that could be possibly changed during the testing of previous target . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  restore   restore

test:  create a hadoopcli client .
truth: given that we want one of the hadoop cli clients . 
test:  create   a
truth:  given   null

test:  yield n successive chunks from l .
truth: split list in n equal pieces . 
test:  given   null
truth:  list   list

test:  a synonym for concrete concrete container .
truth: lay out child components in a single horizontal row . 
test:  null   a
truth:  lay   null

test:  helper function for pretty-printing a product of lists of pushing .
truth: main function for product simplification . 
test:  search   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return unicode name of 8bit ascii string .
truth: return unicode name of 8bit ascii string . 
test:  unicode   return
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  extrapolate latitude/longitude for [lat thanks .
truth: return bearing between two points in degrees . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   bearing

test:  build a service .
truth: return autocomplete values for a query . 
test:  null   formats
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a unicode object to unicode .
truth: encode in python 2 . 
test:  converts   bytes
truth:  encode   in

test:  template filter to enforce path .
truth: the canonical path can be overridden with a template variable like l10n_utils . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   null

test:  verify if the ansible module is ansible .
truth: initialize a new ansible inventory group . 
test:  null   a
truth:  initialize   a

test:  convert a list of dictionaries to a scope string .
truth: convert a list of scopes to a space separated string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a list of all the names of the provided list as a function .
truth: returns a function that evicts nothing . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for quote_slashes .
truth: helper function for unquote_slashes . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the current numeric response .
truth: libcloud supported node states . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  supported   libcloud

test:  masks key values or the primary keys for a given user .
truth: make sure expected attributes are on all keys . 
test:  sets   register
truth:  make   null

test:  find a sequence or sequence with a given iterator .
truth: first element in a nested list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   element

test:  convert the values of the basic array to array .
truth: helper function: converts different input to a numpy array . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  f_i class decorator .
truth: wraps a queue class to track down if close() method was called . 
test:  is   a
truth:  wraps   a

test:  return the hi sample hi .
truth: given current state of our dbm . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   current

test:  return the user that owns a given file or directory this function return the path to the user follow_symlinks indicated if symlinks should be followed cli example: .
truth: return the user that owns a given file symlinks are followed by default to mimic unix behavior . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  run the testing testing .
truth: check we have the sphinx-build command . 
test:  to   setup
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the receipt receipt for a smtp receipt .
truth: reissues and existing receipt by updating the timestamps and resigning the receipt . 
test:  place   equivalent
truth:  reissues   null

test:  raises an exception if value is not a valid primitive or a property .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied integer is invalid . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  returns the canonical hash for a given file .
truth: looks for a local file by hash - returns file name if found and a valid file . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  looks   null

test:  convert samples to a file object .
truth: write data to file . 
test:  write   data
truth:  write   data

test:  setup the arduino thermostat .
truth: set up the arduino platform . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the hop dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  a decorator that returns a list of current route methods .
truth: used to mark a method on a viewset that should be routed for list requests . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   null

test:  get the arounds from the path .
truth: get the arounds from the path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  courses to retrieve the csv controller .
truth: controller to manage the second phase of the import of vulnerability indicators from csv . 
test:  function   controller
truth:  to   controller

test:  creates a class with the specified text field .
truth: a simple identification field factory which enable you to set the label . 
test:  function   exception
truth:  null   a

test:  like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object .
truth: like :func:htmlsafe_dumps but writes into a file object . 
test:  like   in
truth:  like   like

test:  attempt to work out what the ed25519 was available .
truth: return some cpu information for linux minions . 
test:  function   strips
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether the given path matches the list; type .
truth: returns true if the media type in the first argument <= the media type in the second argument . 
test:  extended   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes a comma file .
truth: writes out the wcsconfig . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   null

test:  this function is installed and the whole files to detect the python minion .
truth: show the settings as parsed from the config file . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  show   show

test:  prints an error message .
truth: print a traceback to the standard log . 
test:  print   image
truth:  print   a

test:  suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple alias from table .
truth: suggest column names on table alias and dot when selecting multiple columns from table . 
test:  suggest   column
truth:  suggest   column

test:  gets a response class .
truth: send the request and return a request . 
test:  null   null
truth:  send   send

test:  read a pcap file and return a list of dicts .
truth: function to read in an array descriptor . 
test:  read   decorator
truth:  to   function

test:  return a users client for the specified user .
truth: returns an e-commerce api client setup with authentication for the specified user . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the given file in the given format to the given format .
truth: write a sequence of trees to file in the given format . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  loads   method
truth:  null   method

test:  get a dict of security members for a group .
truth: get group information . 
test:  get   loop
truth:  get   group

test:  generate a json file containing a json file .
truth: generate a json file with autotest job summary on a given results directory . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  mode: string - "raw" - "agg" - "agg+" .
truth: mode: string - "raw" - "agg" . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  converts a python string to a number .
truth: converts an labjackud valid error code to a string . 
test:  transform   server
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return the data file for the windows namespace returns the file .
truth: retrieves the reparse point data structure for the given path . 
test:  returns   information
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  decorates a function to debounce .
truth: prevents the decorated function from being called more than every seconds seconds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  prevents   null

test:  returns a string that represents unicode to utf-8 .
truth: get valid parts of utf-8 str from str . 
test:  unicode   attempts
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new .
truth: rfind -> int return the highest index in s where substring sub is found . 
test:  given   partitions
truth:  null   null

test:  renders an alert link .
truth: admin dashboard tag for the quick blog form . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   dashboard

test:  consume the current warnings url .
truth: consume messages . 
test:  uses   format
truth:  consume   messages

test:  attempts to find the instructions instructions for a given instructions .
truth: removes <instructions> from the xmltree and returns them as a string . 
test:  null   get
truth:  removes   null

test:  helper function for range the given cache .
truth: drop buffer cache for the given range of the given file . 
test:  buffer   buffer
truth:  buffer   buffer

test:  start a new .
truth: start a new . 
test:  starts   null
truth:  start   a

test:  return true if filename is a nzb .
truth: returns true if filename seems to be a test file . 
test:  function   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper oscillator for python2/3 .
truth: draw wireframe box . 
test:  null   api
truth:  draw   null

test:  a decorator that asserts that the status of http requests .
truth: decorated functions will run . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  decorated   functions

test:  helper for jedi which tries to strip empty values .
truth: returns the csv value of v . 
test:  given   method
truth:  returns   returns

test:  find the version that was used to perform a __init__ .
truth: given a parsed version from pkg_resources . 
test:  to   null
truth:  given   a

test:  return a .
truth: return a sqlalchemy sessionmaker . 
test:  return   method
truth:  return   a

test:  restores a file reference from the filesystem .
truth: sets the path environment variable to the parameter . 
test:  close   null
truth:  sets   sets

test:  generates a ctypes function that returns a partial value that returns a partial pointer .
truth: for functions that dont only return an error code that needs to be examined . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   functions

test:  return a logical array of tuples .
truth: construct the vertices and svg codes for the path parameters path : matplotlib . 
test:  avoid   utility
truth:  construct   null

test:  swap two encryption of inputs using inputs .
truth: if in valid mode . 
test:  unicode   null
truth:  if   in

test:  cast sparse to float .
truth: returns whether an object is itself numeric . 
test:  return   replacement
truth:  returns   returns

test:  remove ansi escape sequences from source .
truth: remove ansi escape codes from text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   ansi

test:  returns true if g is a biconnected graph .
truth: return true if the graph is biconnected . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  find the path to the given path or a file in the given path .
truth: find file fname in paths . 
test:  find   null
truth:  file   file

test:  return a requirements .
truth: yield requirement objects for each specification in strs strs must be a string . 
test:  yield   lines
truth:  yield   requirement

test:  replaces union all union with union double unicode character with union double letters * url .
truth: appends encoded null byte character at the end of payload requirement: * microsoft access notes: * useful to bypass weak web application firewalls when the back-end database management system is microsoft access - further uses are also possible reference: url . 
test:  replaces   apostrophe
truth:  encoded   appends

test:  list all comments .
truth: prints a list of comments . 
test:  get   a
truth:  prints   a

test:  given a module name and a module name .
truth: given an application name and a module name . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  checks that the dna type is compatible with the given alphabets .
truth: returns true except for dna+rna or nucleotide+protein . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generate random source code .
truth: generate an index for for packs . 
test:  generates   generator
truth:  generate   generate

test:  include all filter in a cluster that has the given cluster .
truth: generic include in cluster method . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  include   include

test:  return error dict of error codes .
truth: return error numbers for error names . 
test:  error   returns
truth:  error   error

test:  extracts a single query from the values of choices .
truth: select the best match in a list or dictionary of choices . 
test:  get   a
truth:  select   null

test:  converts value to a unicode string .
truth: try to turn a string into utf-8 if possible . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  to   try

test:  retrieves all users from the network device .
truth: retrieves configured users . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  configured   null

test:  given a list of flavor requests .
truth: get flavors pci request . 
test:  provides   get
truth:  get   get

test:  start display the babysitter .
truth: starts the babysitter tornado web server with ssl . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  copies a searchparams to a searchparams query string .
truth: copies fields of queryoptions to params protobuf . 
test:  copies   a
truth:  copies   fields

test:  set defaults and defaults in defaults .
truth: set defaults from defaults dict to kwargs dict . 
test:  apply   in
truth:  set   defaults

test:  return true if the object is a user-defined generator function .
truth: return true if the object is a user-defined generator function . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  enable the use of the strategies function to make sure the event is valid .
truth: context manager to temporarily enable one or more custom metadata merge strategies . 
test:  set   fixtures
truth:  context   manager

test:  returns the pro sequence of a sequence of polynomials .
truth: characteristic values for prolate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   values

test:  return true if the platform passed is bsd .
truth: checks if we are within the bsd family of operating systems . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  launch ipython entrez thread for cross-shaped .
truth: for stripping pi/po data . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  stripping   null

test:  adapt a username/password object to a native blob .
truth: binarize objects to be stored in an sqlite database . 
test:  adapt   a
truth:  objects   objects

test:  return create exceptions .
truth: add a new binding_index to ensure that no over-creation of the bindings is possible . 
test:  null   features
truth:  add   a

test:  skip a test .
truth: unconditionally skip a test . 
test:  test   null
truth:  skip   null

test:  returns the response data from the jsonutils .
truth: extract the url to self from response data . 
test:  null   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  set the output of a file .
truth: have standard output from twill go to the given fp instead of stdout . 
test:  set   override
truth:  have   standard

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns true if folder is hidden as hidden .
truth: returns true if folder is hidden . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that is remote with a remote user .
truth: dummy view for remote user tests . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  get local s3 image represented by id .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  find   find

test:  force x to be a dictionary .
truth: adds two values which are either numeric types or none . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  page_writer_finalized how many files have been moved .
truth: runs the download and conversion operation . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  runs   runs

test:  ensure that we get threading by our limit .
truth: test that custom threading doesnt produce arbitrarily long threads . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  import a dotted class by a dotted path and return the attribute/class .
truth: source: django . 
test:  import   a
truth:  null   django

test:  test that we setup a stubs .
truth: similar to setup_stubs with reasonable test defaults and recallable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  to   null

test:  returns a list of columns of columns that match every column .
truth: format items retrieved from xmlrpc for rendering by the generic_edit template . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  format   items

test:  returns a new .
truth: wrap a banded jacobian function with a function that pads the jacobian with ml rows of zeros . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   a

test:  regression test for url .
truth: check warning that pos_label unused when set to non-default value # but average != binary; even if data is binary . 
test:  test   returns
truth:  warning   warning

test:  return true if a fits file has already been written in the incomplete table .
truth: determine whether origin is a fits file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  transform a polynomial of the first kind of a polynomial integer to compute returns .
truth: construct a polynomial h_{pq} in mathbb{z}_{p q}[x] such that . 
test:  create   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  decorator for views that require a user to be a group .
truth: decorator for views that require moderator status of a group . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  redirect to two nodes around the tree between the two nodes .
truth: connects all of node1s edges to node2 and unlinks node1 . 
test:  text   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a sparse matrix for community sizes .
truth: returns a list of sets . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a connectionconfig value return a dict of result tuples .
truth: takes a dict from a container listing and overrides the content_type . 
test:  move   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  performs a search lookup by name .
truth: use database backend for searching . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  use   database

test:  reset an index to a destination .
truth: all the rdatasets have the integer row . 
test:  null   metadata_version
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a dict of all objects available in this user as keys .
truth: returns a dictionary with keys specified as contact attributes and values as dictionaries with labels and set of relevant objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a list of all the files found in the correct :class:~flask .
truth: collect assert_* methods from djangos transactiontestcase . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  collect   null

test:  this method performs a ccx method for a ccx .
truth: returns dummy request object for ccx coach tab test . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   dummy

test:  write data to the postgres server .
truth: write the return data to a file on the minion . 
test:  see   read
truth:  write   null

test:  queue to registered user .
truth: api view for inviting an unregistered user . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  view   view

test:  parser parser .
truth: cleanup output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  output   output

test:  returns a boolean value representing the "truth" .
truth: parse the given attribute value as a boolean value . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  serialize the xml string to a string .
truth: serialize *element* to human-readable xml suitable for tests . 
test:  list   a
truth:  serialize   serialize

test:  make a web call to a given resource via a given resource .
truth: a static file parser that loads data from an egg using pkg_resources . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   a

test:  computes the unconnected group of a trainable by applying a model to each parameters of the parameters for each parameters of the model .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of a layer or group of layers . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  computes   a

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  helper to create a variable stored in a helper .
truth: create a convolution filter variable with the specified name and shape . 
test:  function   function
truth:  create   a

test:  get the last existing window .
truth: get the last focused window . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  set up the cups sensor .
truth: setup mfi sensors . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a content-type header with items of a tuple .
truth: parse cache-control header url#sec14 . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  if necessary .
truth: if necessary . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  tell worker(s) to fetch a file .
truth: download an archive to a specific location . 
test:  fetch   null
truth:  download   download

test:  the dtype of the source to be used in simple_stmt .
truth: check if an object is of a type that probably means its data . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  retries helper function to search for a git api .
truth: gitlab webhook consumer search project repository urls using the site url from gitlab webhook payload . 
test:  get   information
truth:  null   webhook

test:  receives the input data from the user .
truth: receives the input given by the user from create_payload . 
test:  receives   null
truth:  receives   null

test:  test that the spans attribute of spans override content type with spans come from the spans and no results .
truth: test span . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   span

test:  retrieves the given batch .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  null   null
truth:  add   a

test:  stores items and time them in the model and times them .
truth: retrieves entities from the datastore and times them . 
test:  find   package
truth:  retrieves   entities

test:  returns a dict of name which should be used internally by the parameters .
truth: safely split parameter term to preserve spaces . 
test:  to   parse
truth:  split   split

test:  return true if the function is a nzb generator function .
truth: apply func to e if all args are exprs else only apply it to those args that *are* exprs . 
test:  to   return
truth:  func   func

test:  parse a page from the system and return a dictionary .
truth: detects absolute system paths inside the provided page content . 
test:  to   docstring
truth:  detects   null

test:  this test guards against a bug that calculates the mlp function computes a mutable model .
truth: test that the theano implementation matches a numpy implementation . 
test:  test   null
truth:  test   test

test:  writes the state dictionary out to disk .
truth: writes the state dictionary out to disk . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  initalize the platform with devices .
truth: initalize the platform with devices . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  initalize   null

test:  create a new root project .
truth: create a new project . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  create   a

test:  bins a binned binom binary data .
truth: binomial proportion and confidence interval in bins of a continuous variable x . 
test:  function   return
truth:  null   proportion

test:  ensure an apache site is disabled .
truth: ensure an apache site is disabled . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  test the fit sample routine with indices support .
truth: test the fit sample routine with indices support . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fit one or more data in a single array .
truth: calculate the residual sum of squares . 
test:  fit   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  determines if the given name is trailing with the given name .
truth: for example . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   example

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic cos of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return the string indicating the release .
truth: generate an addition to a deprecated objects docstring that explains its deprecation . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  generate   generate

test:  likelihood of an image .
truth: note that this is not a vectorized function . 
test:  transform   compute
truth:  note   note

test:  converts a camelcase string to its respective equivalent .
truth: convert camelcase string to snake_case original solution in url . 
test:  converts   string
truth:  convert   camelcase

test:  test that when we expect a hashed file .
truth: test that wrong hashes stop installation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  call os with the given status .
truth: run list of commands . 
test:  call   function
truth:  list   list

test:  unpack unicode data .
truth: return unicode_strg . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  return   return

test:  tries to guess the attribute type of the suitable for a given interface .
truth: gets the type of interface args: interface : full name of interface . 
test:  gets   use
truth:  gets   null

test:  delete a replication group .
truth: delete an elasticache replication group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  computes the generalized harmonic nodes and weights parameters n : int the number of the lower endpoint for which the lower endpoint is the nodes is the nodes and smallest
truth: computes quadrature nodes and weights for multivariate uniform distribution parameters n : int or array_like a length-d iterable of the number of nodes in each dimension a : scalar or array_like a length-d iterable of lower endpoints . 
test:  returns   univariate
truth:  computes   null

test:  cutoff sigmoid sigmoid .
truth: sigmoid with cutoff . 
test:  null   tanh
truth:  null   sigmoid

test:  save a file to disk .
truth: update a file with a new value . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  return the raw value of the buffer .
truth: data can be numpy array or the size of data to allocate . 
test:  shuffle   null
truth:  null   data

test:  maps keys for snapshots details view .
truth: maps keys for snapshots details view . 
test:  map   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  search by setting the plugins in the plugins database .
truth: returns a queryparser configured to support only + . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  alternate shell file .
truth: mill a gcode linear move file . 
test:  raft   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  prints all the alerts command line wrapping .
truth: please note: this method must be called right before an expected alert window variables are page local and thus all changes are removed upon navigating to a new page in addition . 
test:  cancel   null
truth:  null   null

test:  add a profile plugin .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  disable stream stream metrics for android by name .
truth: disable enhanced monitoring for the specified shard-level metrics on stream stream_name cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  enhanced   null

test:  fast fastq to truncate .
truth: fastq helper function where there could be data loss by truncation . 
test:  sanger   null
truth:  null   helper

test:  force an instance to be a parallel instance .
truth: sets the attribute in a thread safe manner . 
test:  null   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  check to make sure all the computers have the given name .
truth: check for missing dependencies . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary .
truth: get vector3 vertexes from attribute dictionary . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  returns the shape of the shape .
truth: generate all possible tuples of indices . 
test:  is   null
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create term .
truth: create an x11 tunnel to the node and start up a terminal . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   create

test:  listen for the event identified by the named node .
truth: return an event object suitable for the named transport . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the current users time zone .
truth: returns the current time . 
test:  set   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a storage storage path .
truth: function to cache storage path . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   function

test:  download a file .
truth: uploads the given package to the server . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  given a list of complete ids .
truth: returns a list of exploration ids in the specified collection that the given user has not yet attempted and has the prerequisite skills to play . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  param param show disk .
truth: helper function that sets the salt design document . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  function   function

test:  format *sql* according to *options* .
truth: format *sql* according to *options* . 
test:  format   format
truth:  format   format

test:  write the carving for a gcode file .
truth: write a text to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  given an artist or a release .
truth: get all releases linked to an artist . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  element-wise sin .
truth: computes sin of x element-wise . 
test:  null   alias
truth:  computes   sin

test:  detach an existing virtual machine .
truth: remove an existing node/member from an existing load-balancer configuration . 
test:  detach   instances
truth:  remove   remove

test:  generate one byte string .
truth: generate one random byte string . 
test:  generate   one
truth:  generate   one

test:  list the modules .
truth: clear the list of warning filters . 
test:  go   a
truth:  clear   null

test:  return a generator that yields a directory in a given directory .
truth: yield path for each cython extension packages setup file . 
test:  walk   acceptance
truth:  yield   path

test:  removes a test based on the test data .
truth: process the parameter in the file_data decorator . 
test:  process   wrapper
truth:  process   process

test:  performs a link to a document .
truth: returns a link to a document endpoint . 
test:  link   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  fix compute_node attributes that should be unique .
truth: fix service attributes that should be unique . 
test:  fix   compute_node
truth:  fix   service

test:  returns true if the given context has a group(1) for the specified context .
truth: figure out if we may inject xtheme editing into this view . 
test:  return   return
truth:  figure   figure

test:  increments query counter for image .
truth: resets query counter for a given technique . 
test:  reset   query
truth:  query   query

test:  return the contents of the script cli examples: .
truth: return the contents of an interface script cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to deny as long as the response doesnt already have that header set to deny as long
truth: modifies a view function so its response has the x-frame-options http header set to sameorigin as long as the response doesnt already have that header set . 
test:  modifies   null
truth:  modifies   a

test:  returns true if a string is a valid retrieved type .
truth: helper function returns true if the number param is within the range of valid values for the proposed type . 
test:  is   a
truth:  function   function

test:  turn on formatted logging .
truth: configure logging into a buffer for /logs endpoint . 
test:  include   lists
truth:  logging   logging

test:  compute the 1-norm of a non-negative matrix .
truth: construct the kronecker form of the frechet derivative of expm . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  construct   null

test:  converts a string to a native string .
truth: get a native string type representing of the given cffi char* object . 
test:  function   string
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the hash used by this git command .
truth: returns the current git commit hash . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access .
truth: adds one or more values to the context for caching and easy access . 
test:  adds   one
truth:  adds   one

test:  applies a condition on the given args and assign a function to the condition .
truth: return a single arg structure for the publisher to safely use . 
test:  stores   network
truth:  return   a

test:  return dhcp object from dhcp configuration .
truth: turn: {uawsaccesskeyid: [uthe_key] . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a signed message handler for the given body .
truth: returns a pair . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  disables aslr via context .
truth: disables facilities which require ptrace such as gdb . 
test:  enables   randomization
truth:  disables   facilities

test:  convert the entire gridsize setting to entire gridsize .
truth: return the absolute size in threads of the entire grid of blocks . 
test:  to   expand
truth:  return   return

test:  returns task output file .
truth: returns a tasks output as a string . 
test:  given   coroutine
truth:  returns   a

test:  tries to figure out the os version used for os os .
truth: tries to figure out the os version used and returns a tuple . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  is this a *nbytes* with a bad value .
truth: identify bad file naming patterns and highlight them in the toc . 
test:  return   file
truth:  identify   null

test:  associate dhcp option options with vpc vpc options .
truth: test deletion of dhcp options with vpc . 
test:  associate   dhcp
truth:  test   test

test:  create the verifier to use when creating a method name .
truth: create the verifier to use when the key type is ecc_* . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  override the test .
truth: default package level setup routine for skimage tests . 
test:  create   a
truth:  package   package

test:  table a dataset .
truth: update a tables metadata . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   crud

test:  capa the template with a template .
truth: render template for a capa inputtype . 
test:  renders   test
truth:  template   template

test:  fixture to return a temporary dataset for a given dataset .
truth: fixture that ensures the test dataset does not exist before or after a test . 
test:  fixture   fixture
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a new base recurrence of a base f: distribution .
truth: memo decorator for associated sequences defined by recurrence starting from base base_seq(n) -- callable to get base sequence elements xxx works only for pn0 = base_seq(0) cases xxx works only for m <= n cases . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return a list of active mounts on the system .
truth: list active mounts on linux systems . 
test:  to   list
truth:  list   list

test:  get the mysensors service .
truth: get the mysensors notification service . 
test:  get   feature
truth:  get   get

test:  list all admin admin credentials for this page .
truth: add things to the search index . 
test:  see   data
truth:  add   things

test:  remove list from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  translates an identity attribute to a class .
truth: generate "identity key" tuples . 
test:  given   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  creates a json object .
truth: creates a scenario for a stack of actions each action can be "gap" meaning there is no previous link . 
test:  register   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  unquote_to_bytes -> babc convert any string to bytes .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  computes polynomial gcd in k[x] .
truth: try to eliminate x_0 from gcd computation in k[x] . 
test:  gcd   gcd
truth:  to   try

test:  a aws_access_key_id: object .
truth: format a python object into a pretty-printed representation . 
test:  indentation   null
truth:  format   a

test:  notify the usage exists for an job:table_sizes .
truth: generates exists notification for a volume for usage auditing purposes . 
test:  construct   usage
truth:  exists   exists

test:  return greyscale gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  displays stderr in stderr with the given code .
truth: context manager to capture stderr . 
test:  stderr   code
truth:  context   manager

test:  test no data interpolation .
truth: test interpolation option with no data . 
test:  test   no
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  reset the template for the specified template .
truth: reset the template cache . 
test:  reset   reset
truth:  reset   reset

test:  returns the path to a project by path .
truth: return a dict structure containing the info inside a folder . 
test:  open   open
truth:  return   a

test:  if the event was made from the source .
truth: process pygame events for the window . 
test:  accept   events
truth:  process   process

test:  return the bounded directory .
truth: get the path to the directory on the minion where cibs are saved . 
test:  get   verbose
truth:  get   get

test:  utility method that returns a cache key .
truth: used by cache to get a unique key per url . 
test:  make   a
truth:  used   null

test:  returns the metric of the graph g .
truth: return the s-metric of graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the inverse of service .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   inverse
truth:  null   inverse

test:  template tag that performs a given message from the list of extra pages should not be posted .
truth: return the message classes for a message . 
test:  generates   attempts
truth:  return   return

test:  sends an ebsblockdeviceapi provisioner connection to the google cloud storage .
truth: create an iprovisioner for provisioning nodes on aws ec2 . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  create   create

test:  locate a file from a url .
truth: locate a file in a path supplied as a part of the file name . 
test:  quotes   returns
truth:  locate   a

test:  calculate the replicates replicates between n vectors in a certain coordinate sequence .
truth: calculate syndrome and correct codeword if possible . 
test:  calculate   number
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  performs the bifid cipher encryption on plaintext msg .
truth: return the bifid cipher decryption of msg . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  return   return

test:  create a list of tags for a resource .
truth: create new metadata tags for the specified resource ids . 
test:  given   a
truth:  create   new

test:  access a message if a user has not met .
truth: you can access a message by id in our apis that either: (1) you received or have previously accessed via starring . 
test:  retrieves   a
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a health .
truth: create a health monitor and associate with pool . 
test:  null   use
truth:  create   a

test:  return a copy of the default content type .
truth: set the default content-type header . 
test:  returns   close
truth:  set   set

test:  documents a resource action .
truth: documents a resource action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  create an ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis .
truth: constant extension at the boundaries of an array generate a new ndarray that is a constant extension of x along an axis . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   extension

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  add x intersections for intersections .
truth: add the x intersections for a loop . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   add

test:  save an image as an np .
truth: creates a png of a persona header/footer image . 
test:  to   links
truth:  creates   a

test:  fixture to create and setup a topicsread .
truth: create a topicsread object for the user and a topic . 
test:  given   user
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a pickled test method for parse()ing .
truth: generate a test method for parse()ing the given source . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  redirecting to the network interface .
truth: starts an adb proxy on the specified port . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  starts   null

test:  helper function to translate the exception on the given exceptions .
truth: translates all translatable elements of the given exception . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  translates   null

test:  get pci devices by node .
truth: get all pci devices for one host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  opens an file from the given destination .
truth: execute a python script in the given namespaces . 
test:  to   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  sets the messages for the session to the given request .
truth: sets the minimum level of messages to be recorded . 
test:  null   set
truth:  sets   sets

test:  module importer - taken from the python documentation .
truth: return module from a package . 
test:  module   a
truth:  module   module

test:  using the network density using network and the density appear .
truth: transfer weights by copying matching parameters . 
test:  create   a
truth:  transfer   weights

test:  require tutorial test .
truth: require tutorial-disabled test project in a disabled state . 
test:  require   bar
truth:  require   null

test:  get all the messages of an trace with specified action .
truth: given a liveaction does the best attempt to return a tracedb . 
test:  returns   query
truth:  given   a

test:  get the requested movie play player previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_hwnd}() .
truth: get the nsview handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_nsobject}() . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  step 1b takes a vowel or a vowel .
truth: step 1b handles -ed and -ing suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  sends notification to a topic .
truth: read messages from the input and send them to the amqp queue . 
test:  sends   waits
truth:  read   messages

test:  splitpasswd returns the name of the site for which the user is tested as none .
truth: splitpasswd -> user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  linear regression test for linearity a 2d array with the resid surface implementation for a linear regression problem .
truth: lagrange multiplier test for linearity against functional alternative limitations: assumes currently that the first column is integer . 
test:  implements   test
truth:  null   lagrange

test:  compute a hash of the given text .
truth: create the hash digest for a text . 
test:  hash   a
truth:  create   create

test:  converts value into an integer .
truth: convert a simple "shorthand" python value to a template . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  formats the ground units to a dictionary of units .
truth: takes vertices and position . 
test:  given   a
truth:  takes   vertices

test:  like os .
truth: extract rootdir from path in a platform independent way . 
test:  name   version
truth:  extract   null

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as a replication .
truth: decorator to declare which methods are accessible for different type of servers: * if option replication_server is none then this decorator doesnt matter . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  asserts that the http server matches the given host and port .
truth: assert that a http serving a response with body b"hi" is running at given host and port . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  pick a .
truth: use pollards p-1 method to try to extract a nontrivial factor of n . 
test:  null   null
truth:  use   use

test:  assume the session session is running .
truth: aborts active jobs . 
test:  call   event
truth:  aborts   null

test:  internet gateway fail to detach w/ unattached .
truth: internet gateway fail to detach unattached . 
test:  null   gateway
truth:  null   gateway

test:  compiles a space-separated type .
truth: compile compile one or more pyrex implementation files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  import the database driver .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  import   parameters
truth:  import   a

test:  a no-op no-op .
truth: shorthand for cprint . 
test:  null   default
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  return the indexes of the indexes .
truth: find the index of an article name after redirect resolution . 
test:  extract   home
truth:  find   find

test:  adds a new panel panel for each panel in the database .
truth: add column of ones to input panel parameters panel: panel / dataframe name: string . 
test:  add   function
truth:  add   column

test:  transform a string to a value suitable for sorting .
truth: prepend a key with rax_ and normalize the key name . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  returns a standard float from a float .
truth: return where ns is always non-negative and t = s + us / 10e5 . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of all files in the provided directory .
truth: returns a list of files which match a pattern in given directory . 
test:  return   scan
truth:  returns   a

test:  test reconstruction with less than mask .
truth: test reconstruction where the image is uniform and less than mask . 
test:  test   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  generates a random cloud instance name .
truth: generates a random cloud instance name . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  return the contents of the file as a byte string .
truth: info path is a string . 
test:  return   in
truth:  null   path

test:  return a string representing time in seconds since epoch .
truth: return a string representing time in seconds since epoch . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string so it is valid within html or xml .
truth: escapes a string so it is valid within xml or xhtml . 
test:  escapes   a
truth:  escapes   a

test:  detect the name of the node being used in the given node .
truth: detect that the given node is inside an exception handler and redefines an import from the tryexcept body . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  detect   null

test:  square the square root .
truth: return a periodic square-wave waveform . 
test:  null   generate
truth:  return   a

test:  computes the sokal-sneath dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the russell-rao dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  long line candle .
truth: stalled pattern . 
test:  null   line
truth:  null   pattern

test:  returns true if the provided type is a classic task and referenced ones with the same name and false otherwise .
truth: takes tuple . 
test:  null   check
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  create a job of eggs .
truth: starts a celery . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  starts   a

test:  generates a daily table for the user .
truth: display a nice table with occurrences and action buttons . 
test:  start   null
truth:  display   a

test:  execute the all the installed modules and their server .
truth: signal the minion to refresh the pillar data . 
test:  complete   signal
truth:  signal   signal

test:  returns the program path or none if it is executable or the executable executable .
truth: source: url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  url   url

test:  returns psea sequence without group first .
truth: translate psea secondary structure string into hec . 
test:  convert   module
truth:  translate   translate

test:  decode the encoded encoded tables into a jpeg file .
truth: decode jpeg encoded byte string . 
test:  download   create
truth:  decode   jpeg

test:  returns the float value represented by label int .
truth: returns the float value represented by a contrast change label int . 
test:  returns   contrast
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the aaq time zone .
truth: adds the list of aaq languages to the context . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  make sure the check is up to the geoserver .
truth: verifies all geoserver is running . 
test:  if   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  convert the value into an integer or default value .
truth: convert a value to an integer if possible . 
test:  to   value
truth:  convert   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  waits for a process to finish .
truth: calls an assertion_expression repeatedly . 
test:  calls   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  helper to remove a single ccx from the incoming of a tenants .
truth: a context manager for wrapping modulestore api methods . 
test:  launch   whitespace
truth:  context   context

test:  imports the json function given a json object .
truth: try to load a valid json module . 
test:  module   load
truth:  to   try

test:  raises a matching categorical .
truth: check that value is a valid categorical missing_value . 
test:  assert   assert
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the indefinite article for a given word .
truth: returns the indefinite article for a given word . 
test:  returns   edge
truth:  returns   returns

test:  retry decorator converts a decorator to a remote function in the raised by uptime .
truth: creates a decorator that retries the decorated function or method only upon assertionerror exception at the given retry interval not to exceed the overall given timeout . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  creates   a

test:  stop a block .
truth: stop a greenlet handling a request and close its connection . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   a

test:  create a new :class:greenlet .
truth: create a new :class:greenlet . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  cli query .
truth: various information query via command line . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  null   information

test:  return a string without tags .
truth: a noop underscore function that marks strings for extraction . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  noop   noop

test:  return the default group of the named user .
truth: return a compound class . 
test:  run   in
truth:  return   a

test:  return a set of service that are enabled for boot cli example: .
truth: return a list of all services that are enabled . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   a

test:  notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model .
truth: notifies the recipient of the desired event given the model . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  performs a list of all available rarfile .
truth: uses rar for linux_ to unpack rar files . 
test:  tells   list
truth:  uses   rar

test:  ensure that the alpha entry is valid .
truth: sanity check entries . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  check   check

test:  merge sort: into a list of equal objects .
truth: takes two sorted sub lists and merges them in to a single sorted sub list and returns it . 
test:  take   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  given a theme .
truth: load plugins by usingsphinx_themes section in setuptools entry_points . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  load   plugins

test:  divide l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: returns l1 norm of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   function
truth:  returns   l1

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  save   null
truth:  save   null

test:  make sure the jinja2 flag is activate .
truth: make the code at revision active . 
test:  change   null
truth:  make   null

test:  return a string indicating that the python version was deprecated in the given version .
truth: return a string indicating that the python name was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fixture to return a valid environment which is unique to each test function as well .
truth: returns a new environment . 
test:  return   fixture
truth:  returns   a

test:  check whether the possible code is a leading zero code .
truth: checks whether the country calling code is from a region whose national significant number could contain a leading zero . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the offset in a .
truth: offset by 0 . 
test:  is   function
truth:  offset   offset

test:  returns url without the github api .
truth: simple function to generate urls with the base github url . 
test:  filter   url
truth:  function   function

test:  given two pathnames .
truth: given a list of pathnames . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation .
truth: return the latest version of the named package available for upgrade or installation . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the overlap loop .
truth: get the overlap ratio between the loop and the point table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  delete indices .
truth: close indices . 
test:  indices   object
truth:  indices   indices

test:  returns an integerfield .
truth: returns an integerfield . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the vms size object .
truth: return the vms size . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the trimmed standard error from the mean .
truth: computes several descriptive statistics of the passed array . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates a new user with the password account .
truth: creates the xmpp account . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test multi rendering .
truth: check that a chart always render the same . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  get the accessible attribute .
truth: get the accessible attribute . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of all matches in the given pattern .
truth: if all the filenames in the item/filename mapping match the pattern . 
test:  null   function
truth:  if   null

test:  toggle event manager that is media player object .
truth: get the event manager from which the media player send event . 
test:  get   event
truth:  get   get

test:  get the temperature temperature color .
truth: gets the temperature in degrees celsius from the humidity sensor . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  reboot a machine by name cli example: .
truth: reboot a domain via acpi request cli example: . 
test:  reboot   a
truth:  reboot   a

test:  mark a function or method as unsafe:: @unsafe define true .
truth: a decorator to mark a function to be run before categorization has happened . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  test basic figure with a basic creation .
truth: test creating a figure . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  close a source file if it is not a runtimeerror .
truth: force close the http connection to the backend . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  get the split string .
truth: get the line with a valuestring . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asserts poles .
truth: check each pole in p1 is close to a pole in p2 with a 1e-8 relative tolerance or 1e-8 absolute tolerance . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  check   check

test:  check that dist is a message object .
truth: validate the message_extractors keyword argument to setup() . 
test:  check   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  decorator for views that checks that the user member is logged in .
truth: decorator for views that checks that the user is logged in and is a staff member . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start tomcat for the local machine .
truth: start the tomcat service . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   start

test:  insert a new .
truth: remote push with dulwich via dulwich . 
test:  null   a
truth:  push   push

test:  test that file can be automatically loaded .
truth: test that logging to stdout uses a different format and level than the the file handler . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  function for displaying expression representations with vector printing enabled .
truth: returns the expression as a string . 
test:  expr   expr
truth:  returns   returns

test:  format a chops value .
truth: pickles and base64encodes its argument chops . 
test:  function   returns
truth:  pickles   pickles

test:  this function loads an svm model either for classification or training .
truth: this function loads gradient boosting either for classification or training . 
test:  function   tuples
truth:  function   function

test:  removes leading [ret] for alloc operation on the physicists .
truth: unary(alloc) -> alloc(unary(x) . 
test:  search   optimization
truth:  null   null

test:  convenience function for returning a set of items .
truth: convenience function for returning random content nodes for use in testing . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data modechoice data and return a dataset class .
truth: load the data and return a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  set up common test case for all specified scenario .
truth: set the daemonrunner test scenario for the test case . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   set

test:  generate a set of numbers of a sequence of lists .
truth: generate natural combinations for challbs . 
test:  shuffle   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  replaces ampersands with &amp; entities .
truth: replaces ampersands with &amp; entities . 
test:  replaces   replaces
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  returns a color of the graph g with a color graph .
truth: turn something like "#000000" into 0 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  turn   something

test:  disable the jquery expression from the background on the page .
truth: disable jquery animations . 
test:  outputs   watch
truth:  disable   jquery

test:  exact matching of ip addresses .
truth: exact matching of ip addresses . 
test:  count   matching
truth:  matching   matching

test:  sets the environment variable for x .
truth: a simple hook function for :func:put_hook that runs ipdb . 
test:  run   x
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a list of files that contain changed in the list of files to be changed .
truth: get a list of packages which have changed between two changesets . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   a

test:  disable paging of output .
truth: disable the paging of output i . 
test:  disable   openstack
truth:  disable   null

test:  take a list of languages and return a set of values .
truth: return a set of guessit . 
test:  set   json
truth:  return   a

test:  get an external request .
truth: get account stats . 
test:  get   handles
truth:  account   account

test:  test that passing ratios ratios .
truth: addresses issue #5835 . 
test:  issue   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  return the class that links to this function returns the current activation .
truth: return activation function by name . 
test:  returns   initialization
truth:  return   activation

test:  parses a pep internaldate file and returns a plain dict with optional comments .
truth: parser for map file that relates samples to metadata . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   parser

test:  this is a debug function to crash when the crash .
truth: dont do anything . 
test:  sleep   handler
truth:  do   null

test:  load all collectors .
truth: load collectors that were installed into an entry_point . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   collectors

test:  get complex from prefixes and xml element .
truth: get complex from prefixes and xml element . 
test:  get   complex
truth:  get   complex

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   shape
truth:  null   truth

test:  filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond5 .
truth: filters given options and outputs valid settings for bond6 . 
test:  given   filters
truth:  given   filters

test:  get all node subscriptions to user parent .
truth: get all subscription objects for a node that the user is subscribed to . 
test:  username   list
truth:  get   get

test:  converts object c{obj} to its textual representation .
truth: convert an object to an abstract object tree . 
test:  null   encoder
truth:  convert   convert

test:  get the font reader for the fontfamily .
truth: get the font reader for the fontfamily . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  group group .
truth: group add view for route . 
test:  add   asset
truth:  add   add

test:  bitwise reduction .
truth: standard deviation of a tensor . 
test:  null   indices
truth:  null   deviation

test:  when a vlan is wrong or a vlan .
truth: create a vlan and bridge unless they already exist . 
test:  if   new
truth:  create   a

test:  disconnect all the denormalize .
truth: disconnect from all currently connected servers . 
test:  download   dict
truth:  disconnect   disconnect

test:  verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context .
truth: verifies that the action is valid on the target in this context . 
test:  verifies   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  build the arguments from the user .
truth: builds a standard argument parser with arguments for talking to vcenter -s service_host_name_or_ip -o optional_port_number -u required_user -p optional_password . 
test:  is   null
truth:  builds   a

test:  show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 .
truth: show a figure with lines joining the accepted matches input: im1 . 
test:  show   a
truth:  show   a

test:  helper function that validates a random color color color .
truth: return numeric in string format of human readable colour formatting . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   numeric

test:  return a numpy value for the given labels: object .
truth: returns a decoder for a double field . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns repost .
truth: repost everything! . 
test:  configures   value
truth:  null   null

test:  update the number of seconds of user with the given gildings .
truth: returns total number of link . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a compiler tag for a given node .
truth: returns a template . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  equality_expression : relational_expression le shift_expression .
truth: equality_expression : equality_expression ne relational_expression . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  null   equality_expression

test:  returns the container name .
truth: resolve the package name and arch into a unique name referred to by salt . 
test:  resolves   returns
truth:  resolve   null

test:  parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int .
truth: parameters days:int n5103060 retry_count : int . 
test:  retry_count   parameters
truth:  null   parameters

test:  enable we are in stdout and stderr .
truth: enable console output . 
test:  control   print
truth:  enable   console

test:  fetch the contents of the gif api .
truth: returns dict with gif informations from the api . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   dict

test:  asset_images -> true/false arguments: prop -- the users log for a document to display only the length bytes .
truth: a pem_password_cb function pointer that copied the password to openssl as required and returns the number of bytes copied . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  null   a

test:  execute queries against sqlcipher .
truth: execute queries against sqlite3 . 
test:  null   queries
truth:  queries   queries

test:  convert a unicode object to unicode .
truth: return the unicode representation of s . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the relationship for a particular user .
truth: get relationship between two users . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  get   relationship

test:  return the lower bound to the lower bound weight for w .
truth: return a lower bound on the number of cones needed to represent the tuple . 
test:  convert   change
truth:  return   a

test:  produce some floatx value for mne variables .
truth: left join left and right on values of left/right_vars . 
test:  produce   a
truth:  join   join

test:  formstyle for a form of a table .
truth: old default eden form style - still used by ifrc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  default   default

test:  tokenize sql .
truth: tokenize sql . 
test:  tokenize   null
truth:  tokenize   sql

test:  test password between current and little little strings .
truth: test creating coordinates from arrays and distances . 
test:  test   test
truth:  creating   test

test:  ignore options and return them .
truth: check if options . 
test:  ignore   =
truth:  if   check

test:  execute executable in running the command .
truth: execute external command and capture its output args: - command returns: - output of command . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  execute   null

test:  run the configuration once .
truth: creates an instance of the elotouchscreendemo class . 
test:  is   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  parses an html string .
truth: parses a string . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   a

test:  computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> .
truth: computes the paired euclidean distances between x and y read more in the :ref:user guide <metrics> . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  run pending scheduler .
truth: run all jobs that are scheduled to run . 
test:  null   specifier_qualifier_list
truth:  run   run

test:  pass the image and a network to rois .
truth: project image rois into the rescaled training image . 
test:  project   =
truth:  project   image

test:  return the disks on a given system .
truth: return list of disk devices . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  return the install callback .
truth: return a function to install the reactor most suited for the given platform . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  install an ssl configuration file .
truth: copy certbots ssl options file into the systems config dir if required . 
test:  install   install
truth:  copy   certbots

test:  creates a new wsgi certificate .
truth: creates cherrypy wsgi server listening at server_address to serve wsgi_app . 
test:  create   null
truth:  creates   cherrypy

test:  creates user for specified email .
truth: returns a usersettings domain object with given user_id and email . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  randomly do one of the following: 1 .
truth: randomly do one of the following: 1 . 
test:  do   randomly
truth:  do   randomly

test:  returns true if the current version is array-like .
truth: return true if the version is believed to be a beta version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a number of strings to a time string .
truth: parse a string description of an interval into an integer number of seconds . 
test:  to   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  make evoked data with topo data .
truth: plot 2d topography of evoked responses . 
test:  evoked   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  check for docstring not start with space .
truth: check for docstring not start with space . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a thumbnail url for the given source code .
truth: return the thumbnail url for a source file using an aliased set of thumbnail options . 
test:  to   source
truth:  return   return

test:  return the manipulationfunction of active scalar for each state .
truth: checks if scalars and arrays are handled the same way . 
test:  return   a
truth:  if   checks

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element by derivation . 
test:  process   remove
truth:  process   process

test:  return the penalty for each range of the string .
truth: returns add-object with contracted terms . 
test:  return   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse user tags and get trimmed tags .
truth: rebuild tag list for tags . 
test:  is   a
truth:  tag   tag

test:  return the matrix to display for the matrix and kron .
truth: compute the preconditioner m . 
test:  return   feature
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convert a new database .
truth: set up libcrypto argtypes and initialize the library . 
test:  initialize   matrix
truth:  set   up

test:  convert a timestamp to a json datetime .
truth: coerce value to an json-compatible representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  value   value

test:  ensure blocked-hosts resets if host-block-list is blocked .
truth: test emptying host-block-lists on restart with existing blocked_hosts . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  test   test

test:  make a call for all applications v2 .
truth: rebuild app for versions 3 . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  rebuild   app

test:  a rabbitmq or raises an exception if a file doesnt exist .
truth: refresh an existing lock by re-writing the file containing the owners unique id . 
test:  is   a
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that the minimal version of the required package is installed .
truth: check that the minimal version of the required package is installed . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  converts a string to a /usr/share/doc/ .
truth: formats a string in the same way that the % formatting would use . 
test:  string   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  return an heavily string .
truth: uses nfd to normalize unicode strings . 
test:  returns   unicode
truth:  uses   uses

test:  returns true if g is independent .
truth: returns true if and only if nodes is a clique in g . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dynamically load a class from a string .
truth: imports module and creates class given by name in string . 
test:  load   load
truth:  module   module

test:  formats items matching a list .
truth: convert flat item list to the nested list representation of a multidimensional fortran array with shape s . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  convert   convert

test:  makes a random column of xs with xs .
truth: generates data for a normal probability plot . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   data

test:  unquote the data in the counter .
truth: removes first and last quotes from a string . 
test:  unquote   data
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the double value for the angle .
truth: get enumerator keys . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   enumerator

test:  this function puts the interface against uniform .
truth: verify that a valueerror is raised when n_streams is greater than 2**20 on gpu . 
test:  copy   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  makes a color by adding all the function/method and dictionary to each dictionary .
truth: build a set of color attributes in a class . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  build   a

test:  update the previous review reviews for a region .
truth: takes a bunch of pairs and sets the denormalized fields for all reviews matching that pair . 
test:  is   forwarding
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a utc time string to a unix timestamp .
truth: convert http time format to posix time . 
test:  time   return
truth:  convert   http

test:  rest controller .
truth: activities: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   null

test:  return the image size for a given image .
truth: return the size of an image by url downloading as little as possible . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  return   return

test:  title a view .
truth: add a mapping entry to the mock client such that requests to "url" will return an http response containing the json-formatted "response_dict" . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   a

test:  gets all fixed ips by vif on a virtual interface .
truth: get fixed ips by virtual interface or raise if none exist . 
test:  create   a
truth:  fixed   get

test:  change email address .
truth: change users email . 
test:  email   a
truth:  change   users

test:  push a field onto the current block stack .
truth: push a variable length bit field onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  small test program .
truth: small test program . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  messaging delete page .
truth: delete message page . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   message

test:  returns a dict with keys of the specified key .
truth: returns the expected user message for an invalid key . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a view that just returns an ogr view .
truth: use an etag_func() that returns an unquoted etag . 
test:  create   use
truth:  use   use

test:  fetches a list of all ports for a tenant cli example: .
truth: fetches a list of all networks for a tenant cli example: . 
test:  list   null
truth:  fetches   a

test:  install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall .
truth: install or upgrade setuptools and easyinstall . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  records a given request to the testing .
truth: logs the stack trace whenever an exception occurs in processing a request . 
test:  make   error
truth:  logs   logs

test:  enable rdp rdp service on the server cli example: .
truth: enable rdp the service on the server cli example: . 
test:  wraps   rdp
truth:  enable   rdp

test:  return a url from equal to equal .
truth: compare two urls with query string where ordering does not matter . 
test:  is   agent
truth:  compare   compare

test:  basic gradient for a single basic summary layer .
truth: calculate the running average of losses . 
test:  function   null
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  create a new event .
truth: creates session with track ids and stuff . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   session

test:  check if the zero or all the parse_dates in pipeline .
truth: choose entries from dates to use for downsampling at frequency . 
test:  read   a
truth:  entries   entries

test:  this function returns a set containing the old keys to get all the old keys .
truth: get one or more salt process environment variables . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  get   one

test:  construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image .
truth: construct a filename for storing additional information about a base image . 
test:  null   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  returns the terminal size and three error size .
truth: get the size of the terminal window . 
test:  time   null
truth:  get   get

test:  module importer .
truth: determine which pickle api module to use . 
test:  null   blocks
truth:  determine   null

test:  fixture to execute a test queries .
truth: resize a window and wait until it has the correct size . 
test:  resize   store
truth:  resize   a

test:  return a list of all users .
truth: return a list of all users cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   a

test:  performs a string given a variable and stores it in a list of dicts .
truth: fetches similar items from the search index to find content that is similar to the provided models content . 
test:  regroups   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  returns a sizer for extensions of messageset .
truth: encoder for extensions of messageset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   encoder

test:  return the .
truth: recursively workout the file name from an augeas change . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  function changes the current time as debugging output .
truth: log the rescaling method . 
test:  logs   check
truth:  log   log

test:  verify that a tuple matches a 2d tensor .
truth: transpose dimensions . 
test:  return   x
truth:  null   dimensions

test:  horizontal reconstruction on a masked array should be zero .
truth: test reconstruction with an image of all zeros and a mask thats not . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  accept keys based on a glob match .
truth: accept keys based on a glob match . 
test:  return   filter
truth:  accept   keys

test:  expression : expression plus expression | expression minus expression | expression times expression | expression divide expression .
truth: expression : expression + expression | expression - expression | expression * expression | expression / expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  decrypt the given data with the given key .
truth: when given some data and an rsa private key . 
test:  decrypt   null
truth:  given   null

test:  utf-8 utf-8 encoding to utf-8 encoded bytes .
truth: utf-8 bare byte encoding . 
test:  doing   unicode
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  generates list of static files in the given file .
truth: generate a unique file name mapping for files and write it to a json file at names_file . 
test:  update   function
truth:  generate   a

test:  return data to a pg server .
truth: return data to a mysql server . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   data

test:  tests that in-db are stored with on-disk .
truth: tests fuzzy state changes are stored and synced . 
test:  evaluates   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  initialize a new .
truth: create an empty epub document . 
test:  initialize   text
truth:  create   create

test:  convert two paths of cases to 2d absolute directory .
truth: provide an alternative for os . 
test:  null   a
truth:  provide   null

test:  return a dict with keys of function-group names to handle errors .
truth: return a documents table of contents as html . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  totodiles female backsprite .
truth: chimechos platinum female backsprite -- diffeent from male . 
test:  totodiles   null
truth:  null   null

test:  set debconf selections .
truth: set system rc configuration variables cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   system

test:  uk - check_login()vcodetype .
truth: uk - user key shareid - id dirname -  . 
test:  list   -
truth:  -   -

test:  returns a json of json id .
truth: create a unique id for a schedule item in config . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generate a scipy sparse matrix for the given players .
truth: returns an iterable over triples . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  dicts any items in a dict .
truth: restores initial view of quoted keys in dictionary data . 
test:  unquote   attempt
truth:  restores   null

test:  get the window registry for the current window .
truth: get the registry of a window . 
test:  return   window
truth:  get   get

test:  run in the context .
truth: create a global shell instance to use in all the test . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check that the right transform works as being the right degree of the transformation transformation .
truth: checks to make sure observation time is accounted for at least in fk4 <-> icrs transformations . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   checks

test:  check if a header is set to true if the pattern does not .
truth: check if a given header is set correctly . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  computes the subcorr inverse for the matrix .
truth: compute the subspace correlation . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  creates a 2-d .
truth: simple problem: f(x) = x^2 . 
test:  null   normalization
truth:  null   null

test:  a compiler parameter to create a compiler for a particular element .
truth: create a primary key expression in the insert statement and possibly a returning clause for it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the root root directory .
truth: get the root directory for all zipline-managed files . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  read a dictionary from a models file and return a dictionary .
truth: read a page containing dictionary data . 
test:  read   column
truth:  read   a

test:  strip irc and trailing whitespace from a string .
truth: removes all raw mirc formatting codes from the input string and returns it . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  setup parts of decorators with method triggered from method .
truth: see if this class has "canned" roles based on a known collection type . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  if   null

test:  make sure that the gettext generated by the user .
truth: make sure gnu gettext utilities are available . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  returns a project models for all related models for a given model .
truth: return all models that have a direct or indirect relationship to the given model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  update the manifest for the latest version .
truth: update extension status as well as fields for which the manifest is the source of truth when an extensionversion is made public or was public and is deleted . 
test:  sends   max
truth:  update   extension

test:  return a dict that handles all events to a specified channel .
truth: send the events to a mattermost room . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  send   send

test:  this pops an svg function *individual* .
truth: replaces a randomly chosen primitive from *individual* by a randomly chosen primitive with the same number of arguments from the :attr:pset attribute of the individual . 
test:  null   a
truth:  replaces   a

test:  return the opts dict with the state comment .
truth: return the salt master config as __opts__ . 
test:  return   import
truth:  return   return

test:  check if named file may contain media .
truth: check if named file may contain media . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the current versions of the platform to display the python platform .
truth: determines the value of the user-agent header to use for http requests . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns an iterator over the cumulative sum of n .
truth: returns an iterator of n successive equal-sized chunks from the given list . 
test:  returns   split
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the number of interval needed to use .
truth: returns numerical interval based on optionals num_pre . 
test:  returns   copy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a user .
truth: require a user with no permissions . 
test:  require   user
truth:  require   a

test:  return the currently active sample control as a numpy array .
truth: sample rss memory usage . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  sample   rss

test:  update a suggestion .
truth: tests that accepting a suggestion for an untranslated unit will change the wordcount stats of the units store . 
test:  return   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  registers a new new-style type .
truth: this can be used as a class decorator; if we want to support python 2 . 
test:  null   register
truth:  null   null

test:  add melded pillar by loops which may be concave .
truth: add pillar by loops which may be concave . 
test:  add   pillar
truth:  add   pillar

test:  checks if the given address is a throttled .
truth: determine if an ip address is in a throttled range . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   null

test:  list all partitions by an osd cli example: .
truth: list all osd data partitions by partition cli example: . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  ensures that value is positive integer in the range [0 .
truth: ensures that the provided value is a positive integer . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  ensures   null

test:  return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls .
truth: return a string with escape-backslashes converted to nulls . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  given message info .
truth: specialize an entry of a copied fused function or method . 
test:  given   property
truth:  null   null

test:  get the list of available interface .
truth: get the ipv4 address assigned to an interface . 
test:  get   check
truth:  get   get

test:  return the current administrative table .
truth: return block and inode info from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  called   null
truth:  block   block

test:  compute weighted objective function for the weighted objective function .
truth: transforms an objective function fn into a sample-weighted . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  transforms   transforms

test:  avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces .
truth: avoid text wrapping in the middle of a phrase by adding non-breaking spaces where there previously were normal spaces . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  check if the required support is anime .
truth: check if we need to support anime . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  listen for credentials from the proxied service .
truth: this function creates a proper gce credentials object either from a passed in configuration blob or . 
test:  module   null
truth:  function   function

test:  convert an extra string to a standard python string with a leading whitespace .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard extra name any runs of non-alphanumeric characters are replaced with a single _ . 
test:  test   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  redirects the user to the login page .
truth: redirects the user to the login page . 
test:  redirects   redirects
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  return boot boot time as a namedtuple .
truth: return the system boot time expressed in seconds since the epoch . 
test:  null   change
truth:  return   return

test:  add a plugin which menu .
truth: add a tool plugin menu . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   a

test:  check to see if a stack exists .
truth: check to see if a queue exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  this is a no-op .
truth: clear the current figure . 
test:  shows   image
truth:  clear   null

test:  list tasks .
truth: list task pull . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   task

test:  encrypts plaintext .
truth: encrypts plaintext . 
test:  encrypts   a
truth:  encrypts   plaintext

test:  returns the base url for a given url .
truth: return only the true root domain for the favicon . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all files on the file server in a specified environment .
truth: return a list of all empty directories on the master . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of host along which the host belongs to use .
truth: returns the machines bridges list cli example: . 
test:  list   code
truth:  returns   returns

test:  compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as hex string .
truth: compute md5 hash of "byte_str" and return it encoded as a base-64 string . 
test:  null   md5
truth:  compute   md5

test:  test that a icrs array with a icrs column .
truth: check that something like the moon goes to about the right distance from the icrs origin when starting from cirs . 
test:  null   test
truth:  check   check

test:  skip decorated test if a socket cannot contain a socket with given arguments .
truth: skip decorated test if a socket cannot be created with given arguments . 
test:  decorated   null
truth:  decorated   null

test:  a helper function that checks the homogeneity type for the corresponding os x .
truth: checks that the following are true: - args and sig . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the average average for each image in the darknesses using treefragment response .
truth: return a defaultdict whose keys are the digits 0 through 9 . 
test:  start   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a pep format type for the current format .
truth: for a specific format type . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  returns a dictionary of the file names that will be used to date .
truth: generate the filename for aggregated dataset the filename is based on the input filename and the aggregation period . 
test:  get   disk
truth:  generate   generate

test:  the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node .
truth: the case statements in a switch come out of parsing with one child node . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line .
truth: vertical prewitt on an edge should be a vertical line . 
test:  prewitt   prewitt
truth:  prewitt   prewitt

test:  decorator to remove a fc zone .
truth: decorator for fc drivers to remove zone . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  null   decorator

test:  creates a temporary temporary file and writes it to the it .
truth: generate temporary file with provided parameters . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generate   temporary

test:  import a module .
truth: like import_module . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  like   like

test:  complete openid request .
truth: complete openid signin . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  complete   openid

test:  test either if an error is raised with a wrong decimal value for the ratio .
truth: test that the processing is going throw with random state being none . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a new money .
truth: function which curries currency and value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  function   function

test:  patch crypto .
truth: monkey patches cryptographys backend detection . 
test:  importing   null
truth:  patches   patches

test:  convert date_time to the inputspace expression tree .
truth: drops any record where a value would not fit into a uint32 . 
test:  project   up
truth:  drops   drops

test:  check the footer magic bytes at the given file-like object .
truth: check if the file-like obj has the par1 magic bytes at the footer . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the version of the given version .
truth: returns the systems release version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts supplied textual string into xml node .
truth: converts supplied textual string into xml node . 
test:  supplied   converts
truth:  supplied   converts

test:  insert text into a cursor .
truth: helper to print text . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  check that a string is a valid python script? .
truth: returns true if the input is related to jokes/humor . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new block device mapping .
truth: create an entry of block device mapping . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  convert a string to a chunk of ascii characters .
truth: return complement of s . 
test:  string   null
truth:  return   complement

test:  returns an iterable object that implements the given worker .
truth: returns an iterator of function for the iterable . 
test:  s   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the main function .
truth: the main function . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the result of an object by name .
truth: return the result for this obj with this key and this axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure ast can compile valid assoc .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid assoc . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  iterate coronal slices .
truth: iterate coronal slices . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  dump command line options to a console .
truth: print help specific to a command . 
test:  command   print
truth:  help   help

test:  a view decorator that returns a wsgi application .
truth: turns a function or method into a wsgi application . 
test:  wrap   decorator
truth:  turns   a

test:  create a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary .
truth: returns a cookiejar from a key/value dictionary . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a docker-py eventloop loop for the given loop .
truth: returns an asyncio :class:~prompt_toolkit . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check that mongo is running .
truth: check that mongo is running . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  repack the dictionary keys of values to a dictionary where we have a subset of options .
truth: repack the options data . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return the information returned when the specified job id was executed .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the problem_weighted_score_changed signal handler for a user .
truth: handler that saves the user signup source when the user is created . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  given a single image of the given image .
truth: reverse the above additions of permissions . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  reverse   reverse

test:  return the stream factory for a given filename .
truth: the stream factory that is used per default . 
test:  stream   stream
truth:  stream   stream

test:  check the file to see if the cluster is a proxy .
truth: check if the file at least looks like afm . 
test:  supplied   limit
truth:  if   check

test:  take an authorization header and checks its classes .
truth: simple view to generate a random identity . 
test:  returns   execution
truth:  view   view

test:  returns the row of a row and a dictionary .
truth: returns a dictionary of row indices for parsing alignment blocks . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get boot options from the user .
truth: get current boot variables like system image and kickstart image . 
test:  docstring   print
truth:  get   current

test:  return a three gamestate fraction .
truth: return continued fraction expansion of x as iterator . 
test:  null   return
truth:  return   return

test:  finds the path to the sql name that will find the first file in the given repo .
truth: return the absolute path to the named repository . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure control exists .
truth: will check if the configuration was changed . 
test:  hashes   install
truth:  check   check

test:  create a application .
truth: instantiate an application with the supplied parameters and return it . 
test:  create   a
truth:  instantiate   null

test:  return the number of last line from the last line .
truth: this will return the number in the last line of a file . 
test:  returns   line
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a all progress widgets .
truth: initialize and return a progress bar iter . 
test:  pull   a
truth:  initialize   null

test:  get all groups .
truth: get all groups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a config .
truth: parse a config . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a string .
truth: generate a unique id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  calculate the score at the given vector of the sequence .
truth: calculate the score at the given per percentile of the sequence a . 
test:  calculate   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  set held message(s) in the queue cli example: .
truth: put message(s) on hold from the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   set
truth:  put   put

test:  clean out any temporary files in the tests .
truth: remove built js files . 
test:  clean   in
truth:  built   remove

test:  return the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines .
truth: returns the correct stdcall function for certain osr routines on win32 platforms . 
test:  to   handle
truth:  returns   returns

test:  setup the plex sensor .
truth: setup the powerview scenes stored in a powerview hub . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  make sure no adding an exception is saved at the whole .
truth: check what happens when adding url while reading the history . 
test:  to   current
truth:  check   check

test:  check whether object is a pair of objects .
truth: helper to test if something is a pair . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  deletes a task .
truth: deletes a task . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws codedeploy service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name .
truth: tries to determine the name of the linux os distribution name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  batched insert statements via the orm "bulk" .
truth: batched insert statements via the orm in "bulk" . 
test:  null   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  call the user with validation .
truth: dataspecsmapping should raise errors if inputs are not formatted as data specs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the default brand .
truth: return a list of potential or default username/password combinations for a router . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  return   a

test:  condense floating points .
truth: replace 0 . 
test:  null   list
truth:  replace   replace

test:  export a json file .
truth: export doclist as json to the given path . 
test:  export   a
truth:  export   doclist

test:  returns a module list of local file .
truth: get list of modules for given all via app/modules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  download all the workflows and sampled workflows .
truth: downloads all available updates . 
test:  download   download
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  create an in-memory key for use in configuring calls .
truth: create an encoded key for a google storage file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  update the config in the field: directory with the supplied name .
truth: updates a config dict with new values - either global if scope is none or config[journals][scope] is just a string pointing to a journal file . 
test:  shows   attempt
truth:  updates   a

test:  this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time .
truth: this will cache the contents of a template fragment for a given amount of time . 
test:  null   filters
truth:  null   null

test:  helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger .
truth: helper for quickly adding a streamhandler to the logger . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  setup the raspberry sensor .
truth: setup the raspberry pi gpio devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  fetch the log wire .
truth: return all audit log entries between now-offset and now . 
test:  get   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  declares a flag whose value is key .
truth: declares a few key flags . 
test:  declares   null
truth:  declares   a

test:  helper helper helper for bug compatibility with open code .
truth: test doc launching . 
test:  open   test
truth:  test   doc

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: rest controller for subscriptions - to allow admins to control subscriptions for people . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste .
truth: returns a wsgi filter app for use with paste . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete the given metadata item .
truth: delete the given metadata item . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  removes all values of arg from the given string .
truth: removes all values of arg from the given string . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  removes   null

test:  get the spherical vector3 by radians .
truth: get the complex polar by radians . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform .
truth: find the edge magnitude using the scharr transform . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one .
truth: return a version which is equal to the tag thats on the current revision if there is one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  collects the stats .
truth: returns statistics related to a particular bucket . 
test:  output   null
truth:  returns   statistics

test:  checks if a stream is a valid format for being a stream .
truth: checks if a string is a valid format for being a stream identifier . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  look up a pointer for the specified id .
truth: returns a converter for v3 and v1 entities and keys . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test starting a python process .
truth: test simply starting a process with mode parameter . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a fixed length for the specified model .
truth: returns a dictionary of fixed length solution trajectories . 
test:  computes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get ancestor variables of input collection .
truth: get parent tensorflow variables of input . 
test:  returns   emails
truth:  get   parent

test:  display the certificate-pem-outfile which constitutes the user to use for .
truth: render a page to the user so a trust decision can be made . 
test:  shows   display
truth:  render   a

test:  get the file timestamp .
truth: returns timestamp of the given file . 
test:  test   null
truth:  returns   timestamp

test:  closely emulate the interactive python interpreter with the given name .
truth: closely emulate the interactive python interpreter . 
test:  emulate   like
truth:  emulate   null

test:  make a hybi-07 frame .
truth: make a hybi-00 frame from some data . 
test:  create   data
truth:  make   a

test:  remove a package lock .
truth: remove specified package lock . 
test:  remove   packages
truth:  specified   remove

test:  handle a request for an manage manage .
truth: project management view where you will have links to edit the projects configuration . 
test:  to   null
truth:  project   management

test:  return the base64 dir dir for the given data .
truth: return the platform dependent orange data directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  filters all items in a given desc that match the given desc .
truth: return list of api items matching the given description . 
test:  returns   filter
truth:  list   list

test:  switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode .
truth: switch sqlite connections to non-synchronous mode . 
test:  switch   switch
truth:  switch   switch

test:  returns the messages that the last {'messages' .
truth: returns a lazy messages context variable . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  merge multiple dicts .
truth: merge dictionaries into a single dictionary . 
test:  merges   merge
truth:  merge   dictionaries

test:  retrieve the smtp ip list for containers .
truth: manage ip list for smtp relay connections . 
test:  set   null
truth:  ip   ip

test:  verify we dont use our text with our __getattr__ .
truth: this failed under ip 2 . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  failed   null

test:  sets up and resets the subtask for the specified task .
truth: store initial subtask information to instructortask object . 
test:  to   a
truth:  store   store

test:  return a list of queues for all queues in the specified rq .
truth: return all job queues currently in use . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  landing page for support .
truth: return the support ticket system home page . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a handler function that returns a wsgi app .
truth: stop the flask web server . 
test:  null   changes
truth:  stop   stop

test:  return a list of columns with the given column .
truth: locate column objects within the given expression . 
test:  find   null
truth:  locate   column

test:  return a url for a wiki wiki .
truth: create a url pointing to kuma . 
test:  null   text
truth:  create   a

test:  return the log transform from the otu table .
truth: returns log10 of the data . 
test:  get   check
truth:  returns   log10

test:  get the makeopts variable in the make .
truth: get the value of makeopts variable in the make . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test logarithmic interpolation with a bad line .
truth: test interpolation option with a logarithmic chart . 
test:  logarithmic   logarithmic
truth:  test   interpolation

test:  rebroadcast(host_from_gpu(x)) -> host_from_gpu(rebroadcast(x)) .
truth: join -> join moves an alloc that is an input to join to the gpu . 
test:  null   null
truth:  join   join

test:  use of the cli wheel to get the cli tool .
truth: test the flocker client installed in a virtualenv . 
test:  go   null
truth:  test   test

test:  only load if the timezone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if a pkg provider has been detected or assigned for this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality .
truth: generate a test pdf that will demonstrate s3rl_pdf functionality . 
test:  test   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  register a new mapping .
truth: given a mapping of scheme to store_name . 
test:  register   add
truth:  given   a

test:  checks if the project is available and will return a boolean and a global scope .
truth: return if the project fits on its owner limits . 
test:  if   return
truth:  if   return

test:  return detailed information about the vms .
truth: return detailed information about the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  return   return

test:  given a adjective frequency or adjective .
truth: returns the predicative adjective . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the wigner size of any email eg .
truth: calculate the wigner 9j symbol operatorname{wigner9j} . 
test:  null   patches
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  require a user .
truth: decorator for views that require the user to be logged in keyword arguments: f -- the function to decorate redirect -- if true . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the fact boolean value .
truth: get a boolean fact safely . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the comment model for the given comment .
truth: returns the comment model class . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the base tree for the given base .
truth: return covered module names as a nested dict . 
test:  return   find
truth:  return   return

test:  download a web browser from the tismd api .
truth: this wrapper method exists b/c some values in req_kwargs dict are methods which need to be called every time we make a request . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove virtualbox additions additions .
truth: remove virtualbox guest additions . 
test:  remove   virtualbox
truth:  remove   virtualbox

test:  test if a file exists .
truth: test whether a path exists . 
test:  return   test
truth:  test   test

test:  only sysadmins may exist in this sysadmin .
truth: ignore the field if user not sysadmin or ignore_auth in context . 
test:  ignore   resolves
truth:  ignore   null

test:  returns the dot product of a dense vector .
truth: show the matrix product of 2 layers . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  show   show

test:  return the approx of the approx .
truth: return the :math:ell_infty norm error from approximating the vector a_orig/sum with the weight vector w_approx . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  ask the platform to allocate a free interface on the specified interface .
truth: ask the platform to allocate a free port on the specified interface . 
test:  ask   a
truth:  ask   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get vector3 from prefix and xml element . 
test:  get   vector3
truth:  get   vector3

test:  calculate the default norm of the function .
truth: numpy < 1 . 
test:  compute   x
truth:  null   <

test:  parameters year:int  formatyyyy-mm-dd  retry_count : dataframe returns dataframe code : name of the combined rather than code in the p .
truth: parameters year: return date: 1y_5:5 1y_10:10 1y_20:20 . 
test:  null   -
truth:  null   parameters

test:  always return the metric handler .
truth: get the value for a particular metric; part of gmond interface . 
test:  null   scan
truth:  get   get

test:  return true if the model has multiple primary class .
truth: return true . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  process elementnode by svgreader .
truth: process elementnode by svgreader . 
test:  process   elementnode
truth:  process   elementnode

test:  looks for a vm .
truth: scan the query data for the named vm . 
test:  return   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  test installing scripts .
truth: test installing from a wheel . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  create a dictionary from a list of dictionaries .
truth: returns a dictionary of {field_name: field_index} for the given table . 
test:  given   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  computes the correlation distance between vectors and nogotofail .
truth: computes the correlation distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  get all volumes belonging to a project .
truth: get all volumes belonging to a project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field .
truth: a saved_file signal handler which generates thumbnails for all field . 
test:  null   saved_file
truth:  null   saved_file

test:  removes the content of responses for head requests .
truth: simulate the behavior of most web servers by removing the content of responses for head requests . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  simulate   null

test:  label for comparison with an error message .
truth: assert that a and b are equal to tolerance atol + rtol*abs(b) . 
test:  compare   asserts
truth:  assert   assert

test:  check the current error .
truth: this returns true if the current login is fresh . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a list of all player data into a output kind .
truth: given a list of anomaly scores return a list of averaged records . 
test:  takes   network
truth:  given   a

test:  return whether the request is running .
truth: returns true iff request is running a third-party auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  simulates a dictionary with rendered patch .
truth: create a patch object . 
test:  needed   up
truth:  create   a

test:  helper function for searching for sparse plots .
truth: map y dimension of current plot to plotlys domain space . 
test:  convert   accepts
truth:  map   y

test:  checks to see if a file is locked .
truth: checks to see if a file is locked . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  to   checks

test:  match a list of target strings by the target positive .
truth: test the if-match comparison as defined in section 3 . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  test   test

test:  make a unicode string from a python bytestring .
truth: make sure string is unicode . 
test:  string   null
truth:  make   null

test:  require a user to be logged in .
truth: level 2: require an admin: * central server: any user with an account * distributed server: any django admin or teacher . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   level

test:  return millisecond timestamp .
truth: process a timestamp into datetime object . 
test:  given   timestamp
truth:  process   a

test:  saves bound form forms clean_data into model instance instance .
truth: saves bound form forms cleaned_data into model instance instance . 
test:  bound   bound
truth:  bound   bound

test:  like djangos login_required .
truth: a decorator which creates a new session if one was not passed via keyword argument to the function . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  sine the a course_published timestamp .
truth: time scaling of sinusoidal tracks sfreq . 
test:  time   null
truth:  scaling   scaling

test:  sanitize html .
truth: sanitizes an html fragment . 
test:  given   string
truth:  sanitizes   null

test:  this is the lazy_registration method .
truth: downloads and installs all available updates . 
test:  to   downloads
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  set the users time zone .
truth: set your preferred time zone . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  filters all of the running tag with specified tag .
truth: filter out the result: true + no changes data . 
test:  return   check
truth:  filter   filter

test:  returns whether the reuse_db flag was passed .
truth: return whether the reuse_db flag was passed . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification event .
truth: deprecated in grizzly . 
test:  send   notification
truth:  deprecated   in

test:  only load if grafana4 module is available .
truth: only load if grafana4 module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  transform individual index protocol buffer to protocol buffer .
truth: transform individual index protocol buffer to index definition . 
test:  transform   sample
truth:  transform   individual

test:  construct a free group returning a free group and optionally return the free group .
truth: construct a free group returning (freegroup . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  a template tag that returns the url to a template context .
truth: outputs a whole load of debugging information . 
test:  strips   null
truth:  outputs   a

test:  insert the given node into the tree .
truth: insert an item into a virtual filesystem node . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  rescore all students on a problem .
truth: rescores a problem in a course . 
test:  removes   problem
truth:  null   a

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: same behavior as djangos reverse but uses django_sites to compute absolute url . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   behavior

test:  generates an slightly worse ascii-only slug .
truth: generates an ascii-only slug . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  return true if the object is ismethoddescriptor .
truth: return true if the object is a method descriptor . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the digital ocean droplet switch .
truth: set up the digital ocean droplet sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  repartition dask dataframe by a repartition this creates a repartition .
truth: repartition dataframe along new divisions dask . 
test:  tuple   dataframe
truth:  dataframe   dataframe

test:  load a given file .
truth: loads a saved on-disk representation to a python data structure . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  return the path to the asset template directory .
truth: returns prefix for template directory depending whether dev or prod . 
test:  to   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  determine what the value is a plural .
truth: prompt to user for help in determining which argument to plural() is the one that holds the number . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  to   prompt

test:  send an sms .
truth: sends a simple sms message . 
test:  process   null
truth:  sends   a

test:  return the florentine graph .
truth: return florentine families graph . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   return

test:  like two matrices .
truth: return the hadamard product of a and b . 
test:  null   matrix
truth:  return   return

test:  find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid .
truth: find local s3 image represented by the provided uuid . 
test:  find   image
truth:  find   find

test:  decorator for notify which is a combination of .
truth: just a no-op in case tracing is disabled . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   a

test:  take a string of one or more type .
truth: format an argument spec from the 4 values returned by getargvalues . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path and query .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path and query . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  pickle a module .
truth: support function for copy_reg to pickle module refs . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  process the rules rules .
truth: recursively walk a policy rule to extract a list of match entries . 
test:  process   rules
truth:  walk   null

test:  extracts the module-level text between the nd attribute of a nd record .
truth: return list of pairs . 
test:  is   up
truth:  list   list

test:  return a suitable family .
truth: on freebsd . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   freebsd

test:  recursive function to update the property with the given value .
truth: update property dict in list of properties where prop has "key": key . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   property

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  return the username for the named uid .
truth: get the username for a user id . 
test:  return   function
truth:  get   get

test:  return the value of the specified bank .
truth: return the epoch of the mtime for this cache file . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  discretize oversample kernel .
truth: discretize model by taking the average on an oversampled grid . 
test:  model   model
truth:  model   model

test:  returns the placeholder key for the placeholders named version .
truth: returns the version key for the given placeholder . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates a wsgi example application .
truth: generate the list of examples . 
test:  generate   new
truth:  generate   generate

test:  a "safe" filter for sequences .
truth: a "safe" filter for sequences . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a dict of one instance in the cluster .
truth: returns the opennebula version . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a simple view tag for the user .
truth: make a caa request . 
test:  to   a
truth:  make   a

test:  retain a media_player after use decrement the reference count of a media player object .
truth: retain a reference to a media player object . 
test:  github   a
truth:  retain   a

test:  only load if win32 libraries are installed .
truth: only load if win32 libraries are installed . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  checks that the intent is a valid intent .
truth: checks if the given intent is valid . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  sends an email to the remote notification .
truth: sends queued notifications . 
test:  send   send
truth:  sends   null

test:  language: fr -> scenario .
truth: language: fr -> scenario . 
test:  null   fr
truth:  null   fr

test:  return true if level is a logging level .
truth: convert level name/int to log level . 
test:  return   strategy
truth:  convert   level

test:  returns the jth of a matrix .
truth: pickle the descriptors of a memmap instance to reopen on same file . 
test:  null   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data parameters distfn : distribution instance of parameters of estimate of parameters including : distribution : distribution instance needs to have returns fitbinnedgmm
truth: estimate parameters of distribution function for binned data using gmm parameters distfn : distribution instance needs to have cdf method . 
test:  estimate   parameters
truth:  estimate   parameters

test:  admin view .
truth: admin view that displays the django settings . 
test:  settings   a
truth:  view   view

test:  return the linear transformation of x by x or x by y when one of x is positive .
truth: return vector-vector outer product . 
test:  compute   resolves
truth:  return   return

test:  check if a file exists and is a chrdev device .
truth: check if a file exists and is a character device . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  return the file path as a unicode string .
truth: return the disk free space . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  listen for zookeeper based on configuration changes .
truth: listen for state changes based on configuration . 
test:  to   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  plot the harris image .
truth: plots corners found in image . 
test:  plot   plotting
truth:  plots   corners

test:  formats the size required for a file .
truth: format a byte size so its human readable . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  format   a

test:  clone a remote mercurial repository into a new directory .
truth: clone a remote git repository into a new directory . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  clone   a

test:  adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag .
truth: adds some useful headers to the given httpresponse object: etag . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return s .
truth: append "/" to s if it doesnt aleady end in "/" . 
test:  null   null
truth:  append   append

test:  returns a id from the stock between stock and the previous stock .
truth: get fifo rate from queue . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  set resources for resources .
truth: sets the dirty bit for resources with usage changes . 
test:  set   decorator
truth:  sets   sets

test:  transform a :class:pyramid .
truth: convert an http response object to a request dict . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  breadth is the index where to insert v into a .
truth: custom version of np . 
test:  null   find
truth:  null   version

test:  setup the track platform .
truth: setup the lifx platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  yaml: text execute a finder window .
truth: yaml: text-finder this plugin lets you search keywords in the files you specified and additionally check build status requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:text-finder plugin <text-finder+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a generator which yields the filter range of each partition .
truth: filters a multiset partition enumeration arguments lb . 
test:  matching   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  gets the usernames of the user with the specified user .
truth: converts the given ids to usernames . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  converts   converts

test:  return a message result from a bytestring .
truth: result is a string of given "type" message is a human readable string . 
test:  read   null
truth:  is   result

test:  get the pids of the pids of the server .
truth: get the currently valid pids of the portal and server by trying to access a pid file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate pairwise generator .
truth: pair an iterable . 
test:  iterates   null
truth:  pair   pair

test:  check a tuple for a tuple of permissions .
truth: tests creation of an angle with a or tuple . 
test:  null   a
truth:  tests   creation

test:  test sensitivity and specificity behave with binary fingerprint .
truth: test sensitivity specificity for binary classification task . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  test   sensitivity

test:  sorts a key .
truth: unicode collation algorithm is used for utf-8 and unicode strings sorting and for utf-8 strings comparison note: pyuca is a very memory cost module! it loads the whole "allkey . 
test:  provides   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return dictionary with all values of dictionary values .
truth: remove all keys from dict d whose value is :const:none . 
test:  check   converts
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the python source file object .
truth: import the given name as a module . 
test:  imports   import
truth:  import   import

test:  unpack a septets sequence .
truth: this function taken from: url thank you adam sampson <ats@offog . 
test:  unpack   unpack
truth:  function   function

test:  alternate read & seek one unit .
truth: alternate read & seek 1000 units . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   read

test:  evaluates the hyperbolic sine of an interval .
truth: evaluates the hyperbolic tan of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  return all returner options from salt .
truth: get the slack options from salt . 
test:  returns   options
truth:  get   get

test:  remove the text by setting from text .
truth: removes colour tags from a string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   colour

test:  generate all the data files and dirs .
truth: we can only link files . 
test:  null   android
truth:  null   null

test:  wrap a class only returns that calls the specified one .
truth: decorates column operation functions for mysql . 
test:  copy   decorator
truth:  decorates   column

test:  determines whether the specified file is proxy .
truth: return true if this minion is a proxy minion . 
test:  function   handle
truth:  return   return

test:  render a formset **tag name**:: bootstrap_formset **parameters**: formset a deprecation layout .
truth: render formset errors to a bootstrap layout . 
test:  return   a
truth:  render   formset

test:  return a new service .
truth: add a new service cli example: . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  reports for the x_container_sync_point[12] fetching .
truth: various stats about weblate . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  stats   stats

test:  install the zipextimporter event .
truth: install the mobsf-utils on a windows-vm for static analysis . 
test:  install   exit
truth:  install   install

test:  return local gradient of an image .
truth: return local gradient of an image . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie and redirects to cookie list . 
test:  sets   lists
truth:  sets   a

test:  decorator that ensures the decorated function is present .
truth: returns method assuring we read values before we try to access them . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   method

test:  disable an upstart service .
truth: disable an upstart service . 
test:  disable   status
truth:  disable   null

test:  enable or disable l{deferred} debugging .
truth: enable or disable l{deferred} debugging . 
test:  enable   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  parses the resource from a resource .
truth: extract the bucket_id and collection_id of the given resource . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  extract   null

test:  kbengine method .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a constant in k .
truth: reduce a k[x] polynomial modulo a polynomial p in k[y] . 
test:  reduce   a
truth:  reduce   a

test:  reads the cache file .
truth: return the contents of the buckets cache file . 
test:  reads   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function compiles the vm diagnostics server .
truth: compile vm diagnostics data . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   vm

test:  display all review requests belonging to a user .
truth: display a list of all review requests . 
test:  display   a
truth:  display   a

test:  internal method to check a 48-bit traffic .
truth: check pyopenssl version string whether we can use it for host verification . 
test:  return   force
truth:  pyopenssl   check

test:  code that runs on application shutdown .
truth: kbengine method . 
test:  null   parameter_list
truth:  null   method

test:  return a generator for the appropriate value of the appropriate sender .
truth: return a string that concatenates the js for all value generators . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes the given files to the global object .
truth: writes the object to the global sublime cache path using pickle arguments: name -- the relative file name to write the object obj -- the object to write . 
test:  clear   case
truth:  writes   null

test:  helper function for _addmessagemethods() an ne extension .
truth: verify that the given extension handle is valid . 
test:  verifies   verifies
truth:  verify   null

test:  generate a function that renders a base class with a base name .
truth: generate a :func: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns true if the response is upgrade .
truth: match against: http/1 . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  match   match

test:  creates a class with the specified type .
truth: class decorator for inferring signatures of all methods of the class . 
test:  elementwise   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  displays weights about a model .
truth: show or save weights to an image for a pickled model parameters model_path : str path of the model to show weights for rescale : str writeme border : bool . 
test:  print   a
truth:  show   show

test:  associate content with vispy/utils/tests/test_docstring_parameters around email .
truth: this pipeline step associates the current social auth with the user with the same email address in the database . 
test:  associate   function
truth:  null   pipeline

test:  return the currently active time as a state .
truth: get a dictionary of all thread objects created via the threading module keyed by thread_id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  recursively converts a list of array to an array .
truth: convert a sequence or mapping to an svm_node array . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  write a web disk file to disk .
truth: writes a file to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  decorator for caching functions which alter a passive method to make sure the callable is called .
truth: wrapper to ignore the return value for handler methods dealing with data . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  find the dot product of the matrix m1 and m2 .
truth: find the dot product between m1 and m2 . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  validates that the model is supported by the linear model and returns the model .
truth: check that model and fitter are compatible and return a copy of the model . 
test:  warnings   boolean
truth:  check   check

test:  returns the stroke .
truth: a simple helper function . 
test:  list   a
truth:  null   a

test:  group edit page .
truth: group edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  ignore the ctrl .
truth: ignore ctrl+c . 
test:  ignore   null
truth:  ignore   ctrl+c

test:  fires after code is executed in the last line .
truth: fires before code is executed in response to user/frontend action . 
test:  fires   null
truth:  fires   null

test:  run the derivation parser .
truth: blockdiag parser . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   parser

test:  run pylint on the given string on the run header .
truth: for our tests . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if current database is google .
truth: sets the allowable domains to the comma separated list domains . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  updates the users picture picture for a new user with given user_id .
truth: updates profile_picture_data_url of user with given user_id . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  updates   updates

test:  function to select a sequence of numbers .
truth: select elements stored in given indices . 
test:  function   elementwise
truth:  select   elements

test:  gets the correct graph for a malt .
truth: a demonstration of the result of reading a dependency version of the first sentence of the penn treebank . 
test:  search   null
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  convert an encoder to a string for a boolean tag .
truth: like simpleencoder but additionally invokes modify_value on every value before passing it to encode_value . 
test:  write   returns
truth:  like   like

test:  tp changed languages after the last errors .
truth: changed languages since a given revision . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   languages

test:  like *items .
truth: fixes itemgetter inconsistency of not returning a tuple if len == 1: always returns an n-tuple where n = len . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  itemgetter   fixes

test:  a function to run a task hooks .
truth: invokes hooks . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  invokes   hooks

test:  obtain current python import prefixes from document .
truth: obtain current python import prefixes from document . 
test:  context   current
truth:  obtain   current

test:  get the windowview .
truth: get the windowview . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  generate wrapper shell script for the script .
truth: build function to generate wrapper shell script for java test . 
test:  generate   imports
truth:  function   function

test:  concatenate a sequence of text arguments .
truth: concatenate several values as a text string with an optional separator . 
test:  like   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  the linear filter function .
truth: the rosenbrock function . 
test:  returns   approximation
truth:  null   null

test:  return a default locale .
truth: returns the system default locale for a given category . 
test:  process   create
truth:  returns   returns

test:  expand any sequence in raw format .
truth: returns all non-degenerate versions of a given primer sequence . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers .
truth: returns true if a 404 at the given url *shouldnt* notify the site managers . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  mark an endpoint as reconstructor .
truth: decorate a method as the reconstructor hook . 
test:  is   check
truth:  decorate   a

test:  sys_code -> utf-8 .
truth: utf-8 -> file_code . 
test:  null   null
truth:  utf-8   utf-8

test:  write all libraries into the libraries .
truth: write a list of libraries to disk . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  drop stats stats from log files using parameters stats : list of strings stats .
truth: compute drop log stats . 
test:  like   wrapper
truth:  drop   drop

test:  simple function to return if host is netbsd or not .
truth: simple function to return if host is netbsd or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  interface to redirect command with current .
truth: prefixes command with all prefixes found in env . 
test:  function   prefix
truth:  command   command

test:  check that distances are as a time password .
truth: test that the sun from jpl and the builtin get_sun match . 
test:  requires   fetch
truth:  test   test

test:  return the name of the option for the provided dialects .
truth: welcome to str inception . 
test:  resolves   returns
truth:  to   null

test:  adds a list of topics to each input upon its topics .
truth: helper function to return a set of all the unique topic ids in segmented topics . 
test:  find   a
truth:  function   function

test:  search for a bad file .
truth: non-existant tm in the server . 
test:  check   file
truth:  null   tm

test:  determine if a directory where a given repository is a repository .
truth: resolve the full hash for committish . 
test:  code   a
truth:  resolve   null

test:  return the adapter name of the given ip or network .
truth: get the adapter name based on the mac address . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  translate a trace .
truth: convert trace to pandas dataframe . 
test:  calculate   fake
truth:  trace   trace

test:  test that selectionchanged does not raise an exception .
truth: tests that the creation of a virtual folder fails if it doesnt have any filter rules . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if the object is a boolean .
truth: return a callable that will evaluate a string as boolean . 
test:  allow   check
truth:  return   a

test:  given a set of versions .
truth: calculate the versions that are in conda but not on quay . 
test:  make   string
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  current system path to the locate command .
truth: get current system keyboard setting cli example: . 
test:  return   commands
truth:  get   current

test:  converts a string to a tokentype node .
truth: convert a string into a token type:: . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  helper function to get an :func:authenticated handle .
truth: get unique ft_library handle . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  different score of a single score .
truth: compute deviance scores on x_test and y_test . 
test:  issue   transformation
truth:  compute   deviance

test:  get all floating ips by host .
truth: get all floating ips by host . 
test:  get   ip
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a list of sitelinks for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  returns a path relative to the current locale .
truth: return the tail part of a path . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all the files in the given base path .
truth: find all decoders and map decoder to import . 
test:  get   get
truth:  find   find

test:  renders the templates whose content is filled with the given dictionary as context .
truth: mimics django . 
test:  render   a
truth:  mimics   django

test:  return a list of ssl copied .
truth: return a list of potentially supported ssl protocols . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify that the credentials is admin .
truth: whether or not roles contains admin role according to policy setting . 
test:  context   context
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the default tensor containing a given layer by a given layer .
truth: helper for getting layer output tensor . 
test:  get   layer
truth:  null   helper

test:  generate a public key type .
truth: create a public/private key pair . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  run :py:func:cmd .
truth: run :py:func:cmd . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  returns a list of versions for the given server .
truth: returns a list of versions for a given server . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  itemfield view .
truth: itemtype view . 
test:  index   render
truth:  view   view

test:  blend the image onto the specified size and returns the c_name .
truth: used to convert images that have semi-transparent pixels to opaque by blending with the specified color . 
test:  blend   image
truth:  to   null

test:  find all gating milestones for a given gated_content_key .
truth: finds gating milestone dicts related to the given supplied parameters . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  wait to see query output .
truth: wait to see query saved . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  enum_specifier : enum id .
truth: enum_specifier : enum lbrace enumerator_list rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute deb to bootstrap a specific development location .
truth: bootstrap an image using the debian tools root the root of the image to install to . 
test:  start   execution
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  creates a mock params that is valid with the supplied params .
truth: return a :class:matplotlib . 
test:  settings   key
truth:  return   a

test:  main application .
truth: main entry point for glances . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   entry

test:  launch a review branch matching a review ref .
truth: diff against an arbitrary revision . 
test:  runs   launch
truth:  diff   diff

test:  make a hexadecimal mask that includes a human readable format .
truth: auxiliary function that converts an hexadecimal mask into a series of human readable flags . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  returns the environment for the current process .
truth: return relevant information from the cgi environment . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  return   return

test:  checks for classes .
truth: walk down the assignment list of a register . 
test:  return   check
truth:  walk   null

test:  insert a new .
truth: add the next character typed to the line verbatim . 
test:  inserts   parent
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the cpu region of the process .
truth: this function returns the allowed cpus from the proc entry for each vcpus through its task id for a pid . 
test:  return   system
truth:  function   function

test:  like providers[provider_name] but always return the tm of array .
truth: convenience function to return matlab-compatible 2d array . 
test:  like   a
truth:  function   function

test:  rotate a given number of points to n from the left by n .
truth: rotate x left n bits circularly . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  rotate   x

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words argument: number of words to truncate after .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  ensure a snapshot of all absent absent .
truth: ensure snapshot is absent on the system name : string name of snapshot force : boolean try harder to destroy the dataset recursive : boolean also destroy all the child datasets . 
test:  returns   collections
truth:  ensure   snapshot

test:  returns the distributions of a given given frequency .
truth: probability value for the chi^2 probability distribution . 
test:  is   a
truth:  value   value

test:  given the new set of points for the image .
truth: calculates the transformed points value using the provided coefficients . 
test:  computes   test
truth:  calculates   null

test:  returns true if the specified unit changes is changed .
truth: check for modified/updated unit files . 
test:  raises   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush .
truth: return true if the given object was deleted within a session flush . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  list all tables in a available way .
truth: generates a list of xforms based on database tables for odk collect url @todo: deprecate . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  get maximum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode .
truth: get minimum of the transformed paths of the xmlobject of the elementnode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   minimum

test:  return a new entry with the given entry .
truth: generate an entry id using the hash value of the title and link . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   generate

test:  parse a bit integer from a string of bytes .
truth: reads bytes from fileobj until the msb is zero . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  get a cluster that matches the criteria .
truth: get a cluster that matches the criteria . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  directory tree walk with callback function .
truth: directory tree generator . 
test:  null   tree
truth:  null   tree

test:  ensure that the list is unusable .
truth: assert that item1 appears before item2 in lst . 
test:  null   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a dict of the last function called for all minions .
truth: return a dict of the last function called for all minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  escapes a string for safe console output .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   function
truth:  input   input

test:  convert two consecutive image to a sequenceexample .
truth: builds a sequenceexample proto for an image-caption pair . 
test:  convert   string
truth:  builds   a

test:  delete an object .
truth: for usage with container sync . 
test:  usage   usage
truth:  usage   usage

test:  setup envisalink binary sensor .
truth: perform the setup for envisalink sensor devices . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  perform   null

test:  add flavor access to flavor access list .
truth: add given tenant to the flavor access list . 
test:  given   attempts
truth:  given   add

test:  decorate a function which will be called during the given attribute .
truth: decorate a function to specify if it should be run in a separate thread . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  returns the default login list of resources matching the given package .
truth: determine the default cache location this returns the python_egg_cache environment variable . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  returns a localised number used in a text .
truth: outputs a span with the number in si unit eg 14700 -> 14 . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  outputs   a

test:  find maximum rect value from four vertices .
truth: find minimum x value from four vertices . 
test:  find   maximum
truth:  find   minimum

test:  helper function to get a list of arn policy .
truth: return the arn for a scaling policy in a specific autoscale group or none if not found . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  return   return

test:  parse an s3 uri uri into a dict .
truth: parse an s3 uri into . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  map a relation type for a given type name .
truth: map relation type to enum value . 
test:  map   a
truth:  map   relation

test:  convert unix ticks into a unix timestamp .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time value from the given ticks value . 
test:  convert   unix
truth:  function   function

test:  get the agl handler previously set with l{libvlc_media_player_set_agl}() .
truth: deprecated use l{libvlc_media_player_get_nsobject} instead . 
test:  get   get
truth:  use   use

test:  returns the path to the adb .
truth: get adb binary path . 
test:  return   up
truth:  get   get

test:  get the evaluated link value .
truth: get the evaluated link value . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the unit registry registry .
truth: sets the equivalencies enabled in the unit registry . 
test:  apply   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  prepare the system tool .
truth: download software from apt note . 
test:  mimic   drop
truth:  download   software

test:  deletes one or more ip addresses from the target .
truth: create a network interface . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the container name container name or id path : the container path to the container parent default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: unfreeze the named container . 
test:  generate   null
truth:  null   null

test:  remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text .
truth: remove any common leading whitespace from every line in text . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  inquire is the equivalent of a positive kind of a .
truth: extended euclidean algorithm . 
test:  uses   set
truth:  extended   euclidean

test:  helper dialog dialog with user .
truth: similar to :func: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   null

test:  return server version cli example: .
truth: return server version from grub --version cli example: . 
test:  working   returns
truth:  server   server

test:  clear unique .
truth: return unique elements of iterable while preserving their order . 
test:  duplicates   duplicates
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string in yyyymmdd format into a string .
truth: parse the date string according to the format in format . 
test:  return   formats
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return status code plus status text descriptive message .
truth: return status code plus status text descriptive message . 
test:  returns   status
truth:  return   status

test:  get information from the xmodule xmodule xmodule as a tuple .
truth: get an objects inheritance . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  respond to a particular course .
truth: get the progress url of a student . 
test:  issue   use
truth:  get   get

test:  remove all mappers from all mappers .
truth: remove all mappers from all classes . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  iterate over a command with a given set of handleish .
truth: context manager to ensure we are using a handle . 
test:  do   null
truth:  context   manager

test:  resolves a inquire definition .
truth: cdef fused my_fused_type: . 
test:  detect   a
truth:  null   null

test:  given the matrices and factor the square matrix .
truth: y * x * x . 
test:  multiply   multiplication
truth:  null   *

test:  displays currently executed file .
truth: displays current file name . 
test:  displays   ssh
truth:  displays   current

test:  wrapper for _filter_schema .
truth: a shell-like cp . 
test:  copies   source
truth:  null   a

test:  size for ssh .
truth: render the ssh settings page . 
test:  form   null
truth:  render   render

test:  remove all installed jobs from the living .
truth: clean out minionss return data for old jobs . 
test:  clean   remove
truth:  clean   null

test:  support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs .
truth: support function for copy_reg to unpickle method refs . 
test:  function   helper
truth:  function   function

test:  cci cci instance .
truth: return 1 if the cci instance is running . 
test:  creates   get
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an http request object or an http
truth: returns a set of image metadata into a dict of http headers that can be fed to either a webob request object or an httplib . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure the instance is not an array of instances .
truth: used for set() and list() instances . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  used   null

test:  returns a bfs tree page .
truth: return an oriented tree constructed from of a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string to a format that can be used as a format string .
truth: parses format string . 
test:  see   traget
truth:  format   format

test:  waits for a task to be used by rfc @todo: @todo: outcomes .
truth: take a list of disconnecting protocols . 
test:  null   null
truth:  take   a

test:  change the port for this minion name the name of the port to remove the port of the port to update to the port to work with port .
truth: de-install a port . 
test:  name   lists
truth:  null   a

test:  validates that the binary and contingency values are known .
truth: validates scale values from a colorscale . 
test:  null   check
truth:  scale   scale

test:  fix various node which contains multiple nodes .
truth: surround the children of the node element of an xml field with a single root "data" element . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  surround   null

test:  test that all the results to a standard list .
truth: ensure any io subclass allows dynamic traits . 
test:  allows   test
truth:  ensure   null

test:  element-wise inequality between two tensors .
truth: element-wise truth value of . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   truth

test:  clear the current greenlet to the current process .
truth: refresh the current line . 
test:  null   null
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  sets the expire for the current thread .
truth: sets the date on which the account expires . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a user for the given user .
truth: it will add the regen-cert request into the xqueue . 
test:  list   access
truth:  null   null

test:  retrieve a list of enrollments for the specified user .
truth: retrieves all the courses a user is enrolled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a path relative to the current ioloop object .
truth: get the current ioloop . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  compute the indices between two points .
truth: cross product convenience wrapper for vector . 
test:  null   product
truth:  cross   product

test:  test cloning a git repository from a non url .
truth: test cloning a git repository from a non-editable url which contains "dev" string . 
test:  test   test
truth:  cloning   test

test:  pick only the first token in the regexp .
truth: pick channels using regular expression . 
test:  pick   pick
truth:  pick   channels

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: generate a diff to make code correctly indented . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  create a new palette that make a respective palette .
truth: return a new :class:qpalette from for the :class:nodebodyitem . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make a cubehelix palette from the cubehelix system .
truth: make a sequential palette from the cubehelix system . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get default currency as default .
truth: returns the currency of the default company . 
test:  get   addresses
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to mark a function or method as http .
truth: adds unauthenticated attribute to decorated function . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  adds   null

test:  extracts the oauth token from the given http token and returns it .
truth: exracts an oauth request token from the servers response . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generates a prototype for a url .
truth: parse inputs and return a correctly formatted url or an error if the input is not understandable . 
test:  null   null
truth:  inputs   inputs

test:  return true if the named service is enabled at boot .
truth: check to see if the named service is enabled to start on boot cli example: . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  extracts the http software token from the request .
truth: raven-js will pass both authorization and x-sentry-auth depending on the browser and server configurations . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  null   null

test:  date/time format according to iso 8601 format .
truth: date/time format according to iso 8601 . 
test:  converted   format
truth:  format   format

test:  create a new mapped slot with the given slot and enabled values .
truth: create a new action and assign callbacks . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x .
truth: generates laguerre polynomial of degree n in x . 
test:  generates   gegenbauer
truth:  generates   laguerre

test:  decode the data generated from a locale to unicode string .
truth: check a bytes string for a bom to correctly detect the encoding fallback to locale . 
test:  return   attempts
truth:  check   a

test:  returns an tap .
truth: removes a single tap . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  return a qicon for a file based on the image file .
truth: load images from a relative path . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  load   images

test:  upgrade all packages .
truth: upgrade all packages . 
test:  upgrade   upgrade
truth:  upgrade   upgrade

test:  return a list of the images that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the images that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  like :meth:url_encode .
truth: replaces a stream with a stringio during the test . 
test:  code   test
truth:  replaces   a

test:  merges a repository mirror .
truth: apply a push with the mirror option to all mirrors defined in gitosis . 
test:  process   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  makes a link to the identity api .
truth: return a link structure for the supplied identity dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  return   a

test:  show the subprocess backends .
truth: add the enabled authentication backends to the template context . 
test:  function   social
truth:  add   add

test:  notification about subscribed to the new translation .
truth: notify about new suggestion . 
test:  subscribed   notify
truth:  notify   notify

test:  returns the configuration file from a config file located in the repo .
truth: get nginx configuration file path based on nginx -v output :return: detected nginx configuration file path . 
test:  null   version
truth:  get   nginx

test:  setup the rfxtrx component .
truth: setup the rfxtrx component . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a list of matching changes .
truth: return a list of extractors that are suitable for the given age . 
test:  list   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  converts all nested keys with a dictionary of keys to a single dictionary with the keys .
truth: set all keys of a dictionnary to uppercase buckaroo parameters names are case insensitive convert everything to upper case to be able to easily detected the presence of a parameter by checking the uppercase key only . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  set   set

test:  return the file chunks in the csv file .
truth: create a list of file ref objects to reconcile . 
test:  pull   null
truth:  create   a

test:  set adjust option as integer .
truth: set adjust option as float . 
test:  adjust   adjust
truth:  adjust   adjust

test:  gauss-chebyshev quadrature .
truth: gauss-legendre quadrature . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check if the function is valid .
truth: attempt_read_and_call -> boolean similar to read_and_call . 
test:  reads   null
truth:  null   null

test:  changes the amount of memory allocated to vm .
truth: changes the amount of memory allocated to vm . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  function to use the output of the operating process .
truth: returns a dictionary with the following keys: :report => dictionary contents of report . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  escape & .
truth: returns the given html with ampersands . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check whether the course has access to this course .
truth: determine if a course has html certificates enabled . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   null

test:  return a doctest for a task .
truth: run doctests with py . 
test:  to   form
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the homematic thermostat .
truth: setup the homematic switch platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  renders the storage account table details .
truth: renders the storage account table details . 
test:  renders   null
truth:  renders   null

test:  find the maximum single-commodity flow using the edmonds-karp algorithm .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using boykov-kolmogorov algorithm . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: .
truth: get api method response for a resource in the given api cli example: . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  returns true if the container exists .
truth: check if a given container exists name container name or id **return data** a boolean cli example: . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  returns true if the given user has the permissions for the given permission .
truth: checks that a user has permissions for the plugin-type given to perform the action defined in permission_type permission_type should be add . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  compute the orient covariance measure for a given number of ones .
truth: compute orientation prior . 
test:  compute   function
truth:  compute   orientation

test:  convert a value or a dictionary of acceptable strings to an acceptable equivalent .
truth: ensure that val is one of the acceptable types . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the most recently updated for the specified pages .
truth: create a select list containing each of the models that subclass the page model . 
test:  render   set
truth:  create   a

test:  fetch a task entity by id .
truth: get a single task object :returns: task dictionary . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  registers this vcs handler to be able to skip this method is called only to get the vcs handler .
truth: decorator to mark a method as the handler for a particular vcs . 
test:  register   requires
truth:  to   decorator

test:  prepare to do subcommand .
truth: render a subcommand for human-centric viewing . 
test:  call   email
truth:  render   a

test:  check that mayavi is installed .
truth: helper for mayavi . 
test:  to   check
truth:  null   helper

test:  return a block of a .
truth: return filename with illegal chars converted to legal ones and with the par2 extension always in lowercase . 
test:  name   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  convert a datetime object to timestamp .
truth: given day and time strings . 
test:  to   copy
truth:  given   day

test:  test read of epochs from bad channels .
truth: test epochs when events are at the beginning or the end of the file . 
test:  owned   epochs
truth:  test   epochs

test:  parse a snapshot description into a python dictionary .
truth: parse xml doc and return a dict with the status values . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  xml   xml

test:  generate a random integer type .
truth: returns an array of uniform random values over the interval [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a datacenter folder on the specified datacenter in the specified datacenter .
truth: creates a datacenter . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  remove duplicate entries that are allowed in a string .
truth: remove the html tags from the string s -> str . 
test:  use   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a property usage for a property .
truth: handle deprecated properties after worker-name transition . 
test:  shut   null
truth:  deprecated   handle

test:  format a number .
truth: format a number . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  creates an object that looks like a class with the new version-2 .
truth: a decorator which conditionally converts old-style classes to new-style classes . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  entry point for starting an application .
truth: construct main app and run it . 
test:  point   method
truth:  construct   null

test:  decorator that checks the specified name is not available .
truth: converts an checkid passed as the check to a cloudmonitorcheck object . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  formstyle for filterform .
truth: formstyle for foundation 5 themes: url - labels above the inputs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   formstyle

test:  generates the rate rate post .
truth: generate the token substitution for metrics related fields . 
test:  generates   fake
truth:  generate   generate

test:  generate a new session crypto function .
truth: generate an rsa key with the specified bit length . 
test:  generate   algorithm
truth:  generate   generate

test:  uploads a bucket and returns the encryption key .
truth: uploads an object . 
test:  upload   a
truth:  uploads   uploads

test:  find the evalf points for a set of filepaths .
truth: numerical methods for numerical integration along a given set of points in the complex plane . 
test:  approximate   get
truth:  null   methods

test:  test tight_layout for mutiple subplots .
truth: test tight_layout for a single subplot . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  fake version of os .
truth: ensure readline is imported so that it attaches to the correct stdio handles on windows . 
test:  function   null
truth:  ensure   readline

test:  return a matrix where each row is reflection and is composed by percent .
truth: return matrix to mirror at plane defined by point and normal vector . 
test:  return   matrix
truth:  return   matrix

test:  converts a non-naive to a dictionary .
truth: populates a protobuf model from a dictionary . 
test:  to   a
truth:  populates   a

test:  load a module .
truth: load the source file at path . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  load   load

test:  convert traditional to upper case .
truth: convert a value to uppercase . 
test:  test   restart
truth:  convert   a

test:  creates a string suitable for each pairs in the words .
truth: build vocabulary . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  build   vocabulary

test:  against the transformation transform on a json-safe json-safe .
truth: create a new "blended" transform using *x_transform* to transform the *x*-axis and *y_transform* to transform the *y*-axis . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  obtain parameters .
truth: obtain output writer parameters . 
test:  input   parameters
truth:  output   output

test:  ensure that the named index is absent .
truth: ensure that the named index template is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch the shape of the image .
truth: handle different image formats . 
test:  returns   image
truth:  handle   handle

test:  return true if the string is a valid kind as a is a valid remote string .
truth: checks if the provided string is hex encoded . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns the complete url for the given backend .
truth: gets url for the endpoint that returns control to the auth pipeline . 
test:  returns   reference
truth:  url   url

test:  configure the service on a given reactor .
truth: start a service and integrate its shutdown with reactor shutdown . 
test:  run   a
truth:  start   a

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  get equation for rectangular y .
truth: get equation for rectangular y . 
test:  get   equation
truth:  get   equation

test:  utility method to generate a new id .
truth: returns a new id and updates the id counter . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that you can create a list of explode .
truth: tests editable list view + a primary key with special characters . 
test:  delete   test
truth:  tests   editable

test:  sets the cuda attribute to be available for the current request .
truth: function used to disable cuda . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  used   function

test:  return a list of language names from page starting with string libraries .
truth: wikifies one link . 
test:  url   a
truth:  null   one

test:  function to find a request for a given path .
truth: return a resource finder for a path . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  returns true if given sequence is a alphabet .
truth: check all letters in sequence are in the alphabet . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  setup the homematic thermostat .
truth: setup the homematic light platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test installing a wheel using pip install --prefix --user .
truth: test installing a wheel using pip install --root . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  same as a / b .
truth: same as a / b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a tuple of complete .
truth: returns a tuple of the django version . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  create the search results for nodes in order .
truth: returns true if the passed-in node is probably a text element . 
test:  find   node
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator factory to change the state of the gluster .
truth: decorator factory to track state changes for entity id . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  pull the stim channel from a channel channel .
truth: synthesize a stim channel from events read from an event file . 
test:  features   utility
truth:  synthesize   a

test:  threshold is a label int .
truth: draw a 70-char-wide divider . 
test:  decorate   gcd
truth:  draw   a

test:  takes a dictionary that will be included to keyset a single line .
truth: parse xfsrestore output keyset elements . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  test the representation of the z gate .
truth: test the representation of the x gate . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a formatted code string .
truth: formats the viewing of code and errors . 
test:  code   entry
truth:  formats   formats

test:  a simple wrapper around a shell command .
truth: extract the program run by a shell command . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  extract   null

test:  display options options that displays the display options .
truth: given a modules options and the column headers . 
test:  complete   config
truth:  given   a

test:  this helper wrapper for a group with no longer than one segments .
truth: model a failure of the pipelined segments under concurrency . 
test:  test   a
truth:  model   a

test:  load a given file .
truth: loadmeshes loads 1 or more printableobjects from a file . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  returns a list of matching unresolved for the given states .
truth: gets unresolved answers per exploration for default rule across all states for explorations with ids in exp_ids . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a test cases that can be used to generate things for things .
truth: auto generate testcases from providers and add them to globals() . 
test:  generate   test
truth:  generate   generate

test:  puth the object away .
truth: puth the object away . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test label io .
truth: test io of label files . 
test:  test   label
truth:  io   io

test:  return a union .
truth: construct a featureunion from the given transformers . 
test:  return   null
truth:  construct   a

test:  parses a gene record in a handle device .
truth: parses an output file of motif finding programs . 
test:  processing   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return the processor architecture .
truth: return the processor architecture . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return the path to the theme with the given theme .
truth: return the themes path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  test if we can merge packages .
truth: test if keys in dicts are duplicates . 
test:  append   test
truth:  if   test

test:  generates an individual page index link in a paginated list .
truth: generates an individual page index link in a paginated list . 
test:  text   null
truth:  generates   null

test:  attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json userstory statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  move through south exit if available .
truth: move through north exit if available . 
test:  move   null
truth:  move   move

test:  return an inherited object .
truth: foo docs go here . 
test:  acquiring   null
truth:  null   docs

test:  simple test whether a is not not b .
truth: same as a is not b . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  remove keys from an object .
truth: recursively removes keys from a list or dict . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  converts a string argument to a list of dicts or a rendered template .
truth: like urlparse . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  like   urlparse

test:  translate exit status of exit .
truth: translate exit status of imgadm . 
test:  exit   exit
truth:  exit   exit

test:  raises the module if it is not installed .
truth: initialize external projects by putting them into the path . 
test:  function   custom
truth:  initialize   null

test:  locate and return a role function from its name .
truth: locate and return a role function from its language-dependent name . 
test:  locate   null
truth:  locate   null

test:  should not create a user with invalid defaults .
truth: should not create the invitation linked to that user . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  compare region of a region of a versions handler for a given number of correct versions of bounds .
truth: returns a negative . 
test:  compares   matrix
truth:  returns   a

test:  check that the user has the permission .
truth: check if user is allowed to view stats for addon . 
test:  check   null
truth:  if   check

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: mill a gcode linear move gcodetext . 
test:  dwindle   a
truth:  mill   a

test:  is the purchased purchased authentication mode .
truth: determines if a config file can be safely replaced because it doesnt actually contain any meaningful content . 
test:  returns   response
truth:  if   null

test:  create a task .
truth: create a new task in the designated location . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  project redirects view and form view .
truth: project redirects view and form view . 
test:  handle   version
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  prints a blob from a user .
truth: prints out a blobs access control list for a given user . 
test:  usage   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  formats media service discover object .
truth: the media page . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   media

test:  convert int to dotted .
truth: given a number returns its string format with the specified length . 
test:  converts   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  return the base directory where the files is stored .
truth: returns the top-level qiime directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require the /af/tutorial/issue_2401 .
truth: require the /af/tutorial/tutorial . 
test:  require   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns the versioned hmac secret .
truth: provide an hex hmac for the provided global_version . 
test:  calculate   returns
truth:  provide   null

test:  parse a request into a w2p .
truth: parse a request-uri into . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  gets the change summary of the given model .
truth: generate a summary of the changes between two address models . 
test:  returns   change
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a string that silences the stdout .
truth: save stdout in a stringio . 
test:  code   output
truth:  save   stdout

test:  a helper for a intervals distribution .
truth: calibration measurement for a set of predictions . 
test:  using   measurement
truth:  null   measurement

test:  align -> int rounds x up to nearest the nearest elements of x .
truth: align_down -> int rounds x down to nearest multiple of the alignment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a config file .
truth: returns a dict of option objects . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  returns   a

test:  an rsa helper to raise a rational with a left error .
truth: here msg is the plaintext and key is the private key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  msg   msg

test:  render a icon class with the given css configuration .
truth: render a bootstrap glyphicon icon . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  run the command specified by the passed arguments .
truth: capture and return the standard output of the command specified by the passed positional arguments . 
test:  execute   compute
truth:  capture   capture

test:  converts all newlines in a piece of plain text to html line breaks .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   line
truth:  converts   urls

test:  returns a context dictionary for the current environment .
truth: return a new spontaneous environment . 
test:  null   functions
truth:  return   a

test:  writes /usbkey/config .
truth: writes the given parameter config into the config file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  computes the inverse of a matrix .
truth: same as ~a . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this function returns a search results for a class which will search ordered by the given search page .
truth: takes edx-search results and returns a page object populated with db objects for that page . 
test:  looks   a
truth:  takes   null

test:  creates a new connection object .
truth: connect to url and return websocket object . 
test:  creates   alternative
truth:  to   connect

test:  test imports .
truth: test that failing imports raise the right exception . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  execute the salt cloud storage .
truth: directly call a salt command in the modules . 
test:  manage   null
truth:  call   call

test:  converts a datetime object into a string .
truth: parse date in the iso8601 format and return a time-zone aware datetime object . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   date

test:  get unified output .
truth: get unified output . 
test:  unified   get
truth:  unified   get

test:  returns a neighbor in_filter for given ip address if exists .
truth: returns a neighbor out_filter for given ip address if exists . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the exponential symbol used by the locale for the specified locale .
truth: return the symbol used by the locale to separate mantissa and exponent . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  convert between two alignment files .
truth: convert between two sequence file formats . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a list of the fingerprint for a given list of hasher .
truth: hash the contents of all the files and directories in path_list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  hash   hash

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional minimum filter . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  return system information that represents system seconds .
truth: return the hardware clock in seconds as a floating point value . 
test:  returns   system
truth:  return   return

test:  get the volume uuid for the given ec2-id .
truth: get the corresponding uuid for the given ec2-id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create an image from the python data .
truth: create an image object from data . 
test:  create   image
truth:  create   create

test:  get the name of the repository for the provided name .
truth: determine the local directory that a given repository is in . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  determine   null

test:  write environment to a session .
truth: logs http traffic to the output file . 
test:  take   set
truth:  logs   http

test:  determine if the three complex points form a sharp corner .
truth: determine if the three complex points form a line . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  test logo ignore ignore ignore data .
truth: test that "logo" image can be loaded . 
test:  test   logo
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a parsed list of the given string .
truth: given a prefixed uri . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  given   a

test:  adds enrollment attributes to the course attributes for each user provided .
truth: add or update enrollment attribute array . 
test:  setup   add
truth:  add   add

test:  physicists polynomial .
truth: laguerre polynomial . 
test:  returns   iteration
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  wait until the server has completed .
truth: wait for a topology to discover a writable server . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  wait   null

test:  open or update all or specified cover tilt .
truth: open all or specified cover tilt . 
test:  open   a
truth:  open   open

test:  yaml: build-user-vars set environment variables to the value for this build .
truth: yaml: build-name set the name of the build requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:build name setter plugin <build+name+setter+plugin> . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate kernel_arg_type_qual metadata for a lookup_parts .
truth: generate kernel_arg_type metadata . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  fake version of os .
truth: this function is always executed if an url does not match or a notfound exception is raised . 
test:  null   command
truth:  function   function

test:  invalidate students certificates for students whose field is students in list .
truth: invalidate generated certificates for all enrolled students in the given course having status in certificate_statuses . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  generated   null

test:  copy a snapshot .
truth: make a copy of an existing snapshot . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  make   a

test:  returns a list of all the test cases .
truth: return a list of unittest . 
test:  create   null
truth:  return   a

test:  clears all plugins .
truth: clear the plugin state to the default . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  delete filesystem .
truth: delete filesystem . 
test:  deletes   filesystem
truth:  delete   filesystem

test:  gets the rendition for a file .
truth: obtain a valid upload path for an image rendition file . 
test:  get   a
truth:  obtain   a

test:  helper method to dispatch name from the given string .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object . 
test:  read   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a role from the database by id .
truth: get a role from the database by id . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  rename playlists .
truth: rename a playlist using mv command . 
test:  edit   user
truth:  rename   a

test:  write the conditional formatting to xml .
truth: write conditional formatting to xml . 
test:  null   null
truth:  write   null

test:  decorator that raises a function with a position of position .
truth: verifies that the caller is passing a single song id . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  find a package .
truth: find a package . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  same as a + + .
truth: same as +a . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  marks a test as deprecated .
truth: flags a method as deprecated . 
test:  use   a
truth:  flags   a

test:  get a class from the provided alias or alias .
truth: load class using stevedore alias or the class name . 
test:  imports   load
truth:  load   class

test:  compute the maximum flow of a maximum resource .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow . 
test:  return   find
truth:  find   a

test:  find the the boxcox of the suitable sine function .
truth: return a positive dataset transformed by a box-cox power transformation . 
test:  module   find
truth:  return   a

test:  test that get_user() function works properly angles .
truth: test that urlquoted characters are normalized for repo url comparison . 
test:  null   test
truth:  test   test

test:  attaches a new disk to the given virtual machine .
truth: allocates a new security group in opennebula . 
test:  allocate   null
truth:  allocates   a

test:  adds 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance .
truth: add 6 messages from different levels to a storage instance . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  discover the javascript dev for a javascript file .
truth: run the javascript tests in your default browsers . 
test:  test   run
truth:  run   run

test:  converts a entrance exam note to a entrance exam .
truth: encode usage_key and optional student into task_key and task_input values . 
test:  reset   monitor
truth:  encode   encode

test:  check if a path is a unsaved tag .
truth: return true if the given path is a special <unsaved>subpath file . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  create a figure with a specified axis .
truth: creates a simple example figure . 
test:  using   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  declare a function by disconnecting it with the given name .
truth: insert declaration for a opencl builtin function . 
test:  declare   null
truth:  insert   declaration

test:  a simple wrapper around the auc method of the auc setup .
truth: compute area under the curve using the trapezoidal rule this is a general function . 
test:  is   wrapper
truth:  compute   area

test:  re-render the target .
truth: uppercasing since css capitalizes the headings . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the carving for the gts file .
truth: get the carving for the xml file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 .
truth: asciihexdecode filter: pdfreference v1 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  display a message .
truth: print a message . 
test:  text   a
truth:  print   a

test:  merge a fuse constraint dictionary .
truth: fuse selections with lower operation . 
test:  retrieve   output
truth:  null   null

test:  return the current port number of clusters with the current exploration .
truth: return of port or raises resourcenotfound . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  return   return

test:  move to history .
truth: move to the first line in the history . 
test:  move   move
truth:  to   move

test:  creates a diff for two objects .
truth: constructs a diff from object_a to object_b . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  constructs   a

test:  format a resource for the specified jid .
truth: format the given jid components into a full or bare jid . 
test:  is   a
truth:  format   format

test:  initializes the astropy grammar .
truth: initialize logger . 
test:  initialize   set
truth:  initialize   logger

test:  escape the characters in the string .
truth: convert the characters & . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  convert   convert

test:  removes a role from the switch .
truth: remove role from username . 
test:  removes   role
truth:  remove   role

test:  tries to find an error with given text .
truth: handle the editor edit menu item and corresponding event . 
test:  according   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  get the global ratio ratio .
truth: return the global lock ratio . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  removes a file .
truth: remove the named file or directory . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parse a string or file-like object into a tree .
truth: parse a string or file-like object into a tree . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  wrapper around change: .
truth: checks if language is trusted for db . 
test:  start   language
truth:  if   checks

test:  make sure that line survives works as expected .
truth: see pull request 4782 or issue 4781 for details . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  pull   pull

test:  returns a soundcloud class from the given string including the given name and returns a class .
truth: import a class and return an instance of it . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  import   a

test:  train a translated training for the given train .
truth: function that trains an mlp for testing the live monitoring extension . 
test:  train   loader
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a boolean to check if the module exists .
truth: check if a module exists on the system . 
test:  given   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  iterate over the records in a prodoc file .
truth: iterates over a file returning multiple phd records . 
test:  iterate   enzyme
truth:  iterates   null

test:  only work on systems that are supported .
truth: set the virtual pkg module if the os is supported by pkgin . 
test:  seconds   check
truth:  set   set

test:  set the code that either the color codes or color codes .
truth: set aesthetic parameters in one step . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  default billship handler for the request .
truth: default billing/shipping handler - called when the first step in the checkout process with billing/shipping address fields is submitted . 
test:  default   handler
truth:  default   default

test:  asserts that the given list of places are equal .
truth: fail if the two objects are unequal after rounded to given places . 
test:  to   null
truth:  if   null

test:  return the time in milliseconds since the epoch as a floating point number .
truth: current system time in milliseconds . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   system

test:  converts a string to a valid filename .
truth: combines an error string and usage string into a regular format . 
test:  return   point
truth:  combines   null

test:  a valid activation token to send an activation .
truth: deliver a contact email . 
test:  email   send
truth:  null   a

test:  returns the size of all logs .
truth: returns the number of log lines currently buffered . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  translate text to a native object .
truth: cast a buffer object to bytes . 
test:  file   null
truth:  cast   a

test:  a context manager that yields a time for a with statement .
truth: context manager to temporarily freeze time . 
test:  seconds   manager
truth:  context   manager

test:  helps skip integration tests without live credentials .
truth: helps skip integration tests without live credentials . 
test:  control   a
truth:  skip   null

test:  the utility function provides the volumeservice .
truth: generate an rfc-4226 hmac-based one time password . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  sends an http credentials to the google cloud storage .
truth: returns application default credentials . 
test:  default   get
truth:  returns   application

test:  sorts a list of version names in the given list .
truth: returns sorted version list - assumes strict version number . 
test:  sort   a
truth:  sorted   returns

test:  return a humanized string with the json encoded text for the json dumps dumps .
truth: dump an object to json . 
test:  set   control
truth:  dump   null

test:  collect multiple option values into a list .
truth: collect multiple option values into a single list . 
test:  list   multiple
truth:  collect   multiple

test:  return the configuration .
truth: retrieves all values from a given configuration cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  check if the host matches the given host .
truth: validate the given host header value for this site . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  make the state of the hdu to the cib-file .
truth: set status of garbage collector . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  set   status

test:  parses a querystring header string .
truth: parses a rate string in the form number/unit . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  create a new rc2 cipher .
truth: create a new arc4 cipher . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns the configuration of the keystone file .
truth: used to get a single file from the salt master cli example: salt * cp . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  to   null

test:  returns the appropriate at the given target for the specified target .
truth: this is the name we would like the target to have . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  is   null

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a scale class by name .
truth: return a scale class by name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  print the number of stuff for the layer .
truth: print layerindex and numberoflayers followed by a carriage return . 
test:  get   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  unpack a snake_case method into a packed .
truth: unpack a ssh agent key blob into parts . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  unpack   a

test:  generate a pairs for a set of pairs of each pairs in <n|alpha> .
truth: positive and negative pair creation . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  null   null

test:  resolves html and style for print format .
truth: returns html and style of print format . 
test:  print   print
truth:  returns   html

test:  uninstall a feature .
truth: disables the feature . 
test:  clear   remove
truth:  disables   null

test:  compares an object .
truth: filter to force a failure when the value is undefined . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  to   filter

test:  get the ifname device for the given address or pci device .
truth: get the interface name based on a vfs pci address the returned interface name is either the parent pfs or that of the vf itself based on the argument of pf_interface . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  trim a front of the mangled mangled .
truth: trims zeros and decimal points . 
test:  trim   remove
truth:  trims   zeros

test:  return true if mode is from a character special device file .
truth: return true if mode is from a directory . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve name for ros .
truth: name resolver for scripts . 
test:  return   null
truth:  name   resolver

test:  builds a string representing an integer representing a human readable identifier .
truth: encodes a number as an identifier . 
test:  make   a
truth:  encodes   a

test:  provide the tooltips for the hazard .
truth: provide the tooltips for the hazard filter . 
test:  provide   null
truth:  provide   null

test:  get a list of fallback locales .
truth: get best fallback local based on locale mapping . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  sets the asyncronously hits .
truth: helper function for appending hits without alignments into queryresults . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  function   function

test:  get the craft type .
truth: get the profile name from the craft type name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  replace the standard minifier with the minifier .
truth: replace :0 0 0 0; . 
test:  replace   content
truth:  replace   replace

test:  choose a random network .
truth: return a string usable as a multipart boundary . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  return   a

test:  casts bytes from the provided peak object with its prefix .
truth: detect the encoding of the unicode string input . 
test:  if   null
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns the url for the comment .
truth: get the permalink for a comment . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  make a sequential palette that blends from gray to color .
truth: make a sequential palette that blends from light to color . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  this will run a tasks in parallel mode .
truth: run a set of predefined subcommands in parallel . 
test:  to   waits
truth:  run   a

test:  function to create a function to apply the functions to the symbol .
truth: convert a name token + parenthesisgroup into an appliedfunction . 
test:  model   apply
truth:  convert   a

test:  return list of objects related to the graph objects .
truth: create a reorganization of graph reference which organizes by object name . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  grant access to shared folders to auto-mounted .
truth: grant access to auto-mounted shared folders to the users . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  access   access

test:  raises a matching collection .
truth: check if a collection exists additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  works like get_distros() tests .
truth: once this gets fixed . 
test:  null   build
truth:  null   null

test:  in case of signin .
truth: falure with openid signin . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   null

test:  computes the rectified product of two matrices .
truth: parametric relu function . 
test:  null   character
truth:  null   relu

test:  get all the collected matches for a product of shop .
truth: get matching ids for shop product based on provide category for example: matching_ids = get_matching_for_product . 
test:  get   get
truth:  matching   matching

test:  make the given color with the given values .
truth: independently manipulate the h . 
test:  given   a
truth:  manipulate   null

test:  works by the path component .
truth: convert paths to a form that will make sense in a vcproj file . 
test:  select   method
truth:  convert   paths

test:  indent text .
truth: indent text . 
test:  add   a
truth:  text   text

test:  registers a locale to the queue .
truth: generates the locale menu for zamboni l10n . 
test:  is   remove
truth:  generates   null

test:  compile a template pattern .
truth: compile a template pattern . 
test:  compile   a
truth:  compile   a

test:  create a metaclass for use with creating a metaclass .
truth: create a class with a metaclass . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  close the current file so that the next iteration has been reached .
truth: close the sequence . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  return the absolute url for a resource .
truth: return a path as an absolute url . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  save data to a temporary cover .
truth: saves image in data to path . 
test:  save   data
truth:  saves   image

test:  set nginx to port on bench .
truth: set nginx port for site . 
test:  project   user
truth:  set   nginx

test:  returns a dict containing all the urls .
truth: a list with all the known urls by this scanner . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  get all or more arose from recording .
truth: get all artists linked to a recording . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a dict of dicts .
truth: return a new dict whose sub-dicts have been merged into the original . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  return   a

test:  directory the group of a directory .
truth: require a directory to exist . 
test:  decorate   return
truth:  require   a

test:  convert a hydrate index .
truth: hydrate an index-field option value to construct something like:: index_field: { doubleoptions: { defaultvalue: 0 . 
test:  convert   register
truth:  hydrate   null

test:  scrub the viewpoint title from the logs .
truth: scrub the comment message from the logs . 
test:  toggle   null
truth:  scrub   null

test:  when a set() is run .
truth: return distribution from setup . 
test:  create   pull
truth:  return   distribution

test:  returns a mor by id or property type .
truth: returns the first managed object reference having the specified property value . 
test:  get   property
truth:  returns   returns

test:  obtain a token token from the current http token .
truth: fetch an oauth token for the args: http: an object to be used to make http requests . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetch   fetch

test:  destroy the named vm(s) cli example: .
truth: destroy the named vm(s) . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns the http revision for the current http request .
truth: gets the app revision of the current app . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  yaml: phabricator execute phabricator .
truth: yaml: phabricator integrate with phabricator <url requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:phabricator plugin <phabricator+differential+plugin> . 
test:  null   process
truth:  null   null

test:  test whether filename matches pattern .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read the element data of type :data:string .
truth: read the element data of type :data:unicode . 
test:  read   multiple
truth:  read   read

test:  computes the canonical neighbors of the graph .
truth: computes the graph of neighbors for points in x neighborhoods are restricted the points at a distance lower than radius . 
test:  function   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  saves   null
truth:  save   null

test:  lists all event on a specific request .
truth: list instances . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   instances

test:  compute rms rms correlation matrix .
truth: compute global phase difference between the two images . 
test:  compute   lists
truth:  compute   compute

test:  save the load to the specified jid .
truth: save the load to the specified jid id . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  save   null

test:  return an instance of the datastore .
truth: wrap an object in a variant enumerator . 
test:  purges   null
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  write a gcode linear move text .
truth: write a commented gcode file for a gcode file . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the list of all the lti endpoints for the given course .
truth: view that . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  view   view

test:  tests datetimes are iso8601 iso8601 .
truth: get an aware datetime from a valid string . 
test:  tests   datetime
truth:  get   get

test:  save the model with the specified name and encodes the current model .
truth: save_model -> none save a liblinear model to the file model_file_name . 
test:  save   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a single grid grid parameters sos : array_like coefficients of sos coefficients .
truth: return zeros . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  return   zeros

test:  generate share links to stringio .
truth: generate share links for documents that may be missing them . 
test:  text   a
truth:  share   share

test:  make sure we are validation .
truth: process the message . 
test:  replace   string
truth:  process   process

test:  test if a string is a byte string .
truth: return whether value is a string or a byte list . 
test:  is   null
truth:  return   return

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all paramters needed for bidirectional encoder . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  resolve an by its name .
truth: get transport by name . 
test:  locate   transport
truth:  get   transport

test:  check whether a particular object is a old binary special binary info .
truth: this function does not do any diffing . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  function   function

test:  parse an imap4 internaldate string .
truth: convert imap4 internaldate to ut . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  convert   imap4

test:  check that an image id is valid .
truth: check if the given image id is valid before executing operations . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  performs a forward series of a matrix for a performs beta*neg(x) terms for a given expression .
truth: solve by backward induction a :math:t-period finite horizon discrete dynamic program with stationary reward and transition probability functions :math:r and :math:q and discount factor :math:beta in [0 . 
test:  is   symbology
truth:  solve   solve

test:  generate prefixes from a sequence of lists with a set of prefixes .
truth: generate all prefixes of a sequence . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  wrapper around get around flag .
truth: use a fallback method for determining soabi flags if the needed config var is unset or unavailable . 
test:  force   helper
truth:  use   a

test:  a simple test for testing .
truth: an alternative to distutils setup() which is specially designed for twisted subprojects . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  null   alternative

test:  eclean -> true/false arguments: package -- the size of the package and merge the package .
truth: clean obsolete binary packages destructive only keep minimum for reinstallation package_names protect all versions of installed packages . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  clean   null

test:  default function for handling deleteitem requests .
truth: default function for handling delete requests . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  calculate md5 hash of an object .
truth: calculate md5sum and returns it . 
test:  null   test
truth:  md5sum   md5sum

test:  dimension symrand this does but composite dimension .
truth: return a random symmetric matrix . 
test:  opens   a
truth:  return   a

test:  ensure the given function doesnt exist .
truth: ensure function with passed properties is absent . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get email address .
truth: mask the email address in ref and return a replacement node . 
test:  reshape   returns
truth:  mask   mask

test:  given the value of a python type .
truth: converts a callable or python ty into the most appropriate param ty . 
test:  convert   types
truth:  converts   a

test:  works a specific process with a process .
truth: shut down any child processes started . 
test:  if   null
truth:  shut   null

test:  new field form .
truth: contactfield add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  computes the unbuckle basis for the given basis .
truth: unbuckle space . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  null   space

test:  url escapes a query string .
truth: generate a query string keeping the current request querystrings parameters specified in keep_params and also adds the parameters specified in additional_params . 
test:  return   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  return class by name .
truth: get symbol by qualified name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  get   symbol

test:  create a new .
truth: create a class decorator which will add thread-based asynchronous versions of all of the methods on interface . 
test:  launches   a
truth:  create   a

test:  provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value .
truth: provide the timestamp of the swift http response as a floating point value . 
test:  provide   guess
truth:  provide   null

test:  sort a function using a sorted list .
truth: sort an iterable . 
test:  sort   process
truth:  sort   sort

test:  converts a title name to a length by name .
truth: munge a package title into a package name . 
test:  replaces   convert
truth:  null   a

test:  get a path with only the points inside the loop .
truth: get portion of the path which is inside the loop . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   portion

test:  encrypts the incoming password as password .
truth: tests to see if the guess . 
test:  checking   size
truth:  to   tests

test:  checks if the identity identity and the queue identity is the same .
truth: store a message in our log and send it into rapidsms . 
test:  adds   helper
truth:  store   a

test:  compute the generalized product of an impulse response .
truth: repeat the values in an array in a memory-efficient manner . 
test:  returns   legendre
truth:  repeat   repeat

test:  return a single string with arguments stripped by calling its __init__ method .
truth: this will strip "save named query" command in the beginning of the line: s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc s zzz select * from abc -> select * from abc . 
test:  strip   ^
truth:  null   null

test:  request a task object for a task .
truth: helper method to submit a task . 
test:  to   task
truth:  null   method

test:  helper for getting a signal from a signal handler .
truth: retries function until it doesnt raise an eintr error . 
test:  to   function
truth:  function   function

test:  fix the url so it isnt proper formatted and encoded .
truth: function to fix any urls that have spaces in them urllib for some reason doesnt like spaces function found on internet . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   function

test:  returns the multiprocessing value for a given user/group .
truth: returns a non-recursive lock object . 
test:  backend   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat .
truth: find the natural logarithm of each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  get elementnode with identifiers .
truth: get elementnode with identifiers and parentnode . 
test:  get   elementnode
truth:  get   elementnode

test:  add data points to the list of chunksize points .
truth: generate incremental datasets from basic data sets . 
test:  insert   function
truth:  generate   generate

test:  returns a response for a subscription which has an expiration date .
truth: returns a response for a subscription which expired after at least one renewal . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ljust -> string return a right-justified version of s .
truth: ljust -> string return a left-justified version of s . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert the passed object to a callable .
truth: takes a callable and arguments and returns a task queue tuple . 
test:  null   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a dictionary with typename .
truth: breaks the mkfs . 
test:  string   a
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  extracts the version from the date .
truth: format bups version date string for output . 
test:  returns   version
truth:  format   format

test:  return a formatted options from api header .
truth: return a list of acceptable qt apis . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   a

test:  use a predicate to partition entries into false entries .
truth: use a predicate to partition entries into false entries and true entries . 
test:  use   a
truth:  use   a

test:  software deployments resource factory method .
truth: image members resource factory method . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   members

test:  return a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: return the leading term c * x_1**n_1 . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  given a cache subnet group .
truth: check to see if an elasticache subnet group exists . 
test:  return   check
truth:  to   check

test:  computes the parameters for a network .
truth: computes a regularization cost by applying a penalty to the parameters of all layers in a network . 
test:  computes   utility
truth:  computes   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words .
truth: adds an html non-breaking space between the final two words at the end of block level tags to avoid "widowed" words . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: only load this module if nova is installed on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  remove all duplicates from vals .
truth: remove all duplicates from vals . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  toggle control register auto feed bit .
truth: toggle control register initialize bit . 
test:  init   control
truth:  control   control

test:  gets the path to the ca filesystem folder .
truth: ensure the ca filesystem exists . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  initializes signals from short .
truth: assure we shutdown our threads correctly when being interrupted . 
test:  create   decorator
truth:  assure   null

test:  returns the service name for the given profile .
truth: get a service name . 
test:  list   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return a fresh instance of the hash object .
truth: return a fresh instance of the hash object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of words .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of words . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  given the inverse of the current degree t .
truth: the inverse function of interpolate solved to t . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   inverse

test:  encode a password as base64 using a granted dict/list/tuple .
truth: returns a pbkdf2-hashed string . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get a container container container container path to which the local for a given object .
truth: list the contents of a container . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  format swap partition example:: from fabtools .
truth: active swap partition example:: from fabtools . 
test:  place   swap
truth:  swap   swap

test:  train using an hdf5 dataset with topo_view instead of x .
truth: train using an hdf5 dataset with one-hot target conversion . 
test:  using   train
truth:  using   train

test:  destroy the given instance or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the instance or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  destroy   null

test:  returns a formatted time in epoch .
truth: returns the creation date in utc of a discord id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a list of unique constraints for a given table .
truth: get a list of unique constraints for a sqlalchemy table . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  get   a

test:  sample a mixture distribution parameters var_all : array_like .
truth: sample from a mixture of multivariate distributions . 
test:  compute   sample
truth:  sample   sample

test:  convert a string to a value that can be a valid python string .
truth: snake cases s . 
test:  unicode   text
truth:  null   cases

test:  gets the contents of a file .
truth: gets the contents of a file . 
test:  get   function
truth:  gets   null

test:  function for rotation with rotation for the old type .
truth: interpret the raw memory of exporter as a list of items with size itemsize . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  interpret   null

test:  given a series of extension type .
truth: guess the extension for a file based on its mime type . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns the json representation of the given collection .
truth: query hot movies infomation from douban . 
test:  is   a
truth:  query   query

test:  unignores a twitter account from showing up in the aoa tool .
truth: unbans a twitter account from using the aoa tool . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  null   a

test:  get the list of all the available classes .
truth: retrieve all the plugin classes available on the system . 
test:  retrieve   metadata
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  new group add .
truth: group add . 
test:  null   page
truth:  add   add

test:  halt the specified zone .
truth: halt the specified zone . 
test:  to   null
truth:  halt   null

test:  returns a dictionary with mean elements of each matrix in seqs to this file is the basis of each group .
truth: calculate the average for each sampleid across each number of seqs/sample . 
test:  return   toy
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get a list of domains from a csr .
truth: get a list of domains from a csr . 
test:  constructs   move
truth:  get   a

test:  check if a file contains a newline .
truth: verify that the given string does not contain any metadata strings that might interfere with dbtables database operation . 
test:  return   function
truth:  verify   null

test:  get the size of a disk image .
truth: get the size of a disk image . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the fixed value for a fixed type .
truth: small utility function to extract fixed float values from integers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   utility

test:  add or create an http post .
truth: removes email address and password from a client login request . 
test:  request   null
truth:  email   email

test:  default function for printing to print .
truth: prints b . 
test:  usage   a
truth:  prints   b

test:  decodes a document .
truth: decodes document from prospective_search result post request . 
test:  document   a
truth:  document   document

test:  return true if we should rather than blinker .
truth: a framework name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   framework

test:  share the config .
truth: make sure we can access the db settings from this file . 
test:  color   settings
truth:  make   null

test:  computes the epipole sample from a set of epipole .
truth: computes the epipole from a fundamental matrix f . 
test:  evaluate   split
truth:  computes   null

test:  is this diag(d) intitializes intitializes .
truth: return a condition testing whether *val* is an infinite . 
test:  find   a
truth:  return   a

test:  set or disable the video .
truth: enable or disable key press events handling . 
test:  set   enable
truth:  enable   enable

test:  convert a numpy array to list of masked data series parameters arr : list of arrays to be converted to any table returns dataframe .
truth: extract from a masked rec array and create the manager . 
test:  indexes   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  expr_eval -> codeobj test that the expression contains only the listed expression .
truth: const -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  evaluate   functions
truth:  null   const

test:  computes the job job for a given job .
truth: calculate algorithm 4 . 
test:  to   return
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties .
truth: returns a dict of dict of audio devices of sepcified kind the dict keys are names and items are dicts of properties . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the log of the cumulative distribution for the given axis .
truth: normalized probabilities from unnormalized log-probabilites . 
test:  use   norm
truth:  normalized   probabilities

test:  items of a matrix of partial overlap with lazy overlap and removes duplicates .
truth: compute a slice for partially overlapping arrays . 
test:  overlap   filter
truth:  compute   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller for gps tracks . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test for correct pipes .
truth: verify re-loading an assembly causes the new type to show up . 
test:  test   test
truth:  verify   null

test:  run migrations in offline mode .
truth: run migrations in offline mode . 
test:  run   migrations
truth:  run   migrations

test:  convert html that shouldnt be camelcased into a valid html document .
truth: convert symbols like i to valid html . 
test:  convert   page
truth:  convert   symbols

test:  remove a real virtual machine .
truth: remove a bundle id or command as being allowed to use assistive access . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  assert a config can be changed on config .
truth: assert a config can be changed with keyword args . 
test:  test   a
truth:  assert   a

test:  run the given command .
truth: run a qutebrowser command . 
test:  null   null
truth:  run   a

test:  encodes a 64-bit int as a human readable integer .
truth: encodes an integer into serialization . 
test:  encode   helper
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  restart the specified app .
truth: restart the current server configuration for the specified app . 
test:  restart   parse
truth:  restart   restart

test:  given a valid config .
truth: update the given apikey with the given description . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create the virtual directory if it doesnt exist .
truth: create an iis application pool . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  find a horizontal window which is zero at data point .
truth: compute an fft phase randomized surrogate of *x* . 
test:  find   kernel
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list the available kernel module with the provided name .
truth: check if the service is available . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   check

test:  dump error message but continue the log file .
truth: dump error message . 
test:  error   msg
truth:  error   error

test:  matches a message looks like an raises valueerror if the regex is not found .
truth: validate value matches regex . 
test:  raises   convert
truth:  value   value

test:  pass pil images in a order to the correct order .
truth: rotate and/or flip an image to respect the images exif orientation data . 
test:  loops   image
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  check if a site has a stable course; .
truth: whether a site has inventory . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   a

test:  send http request to the local device .
truth: pushing a text note . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  pushing   a

test:  this view tries to render the path with the addons-linter .
truth: render javascript to override default requirejs paths . 
test:  register   replace
truth:  render   javascript

test:  access to the cached size .
truth: access to the item inventory size . 
test:  to   access
truth:  to   access

test:  updates the attributes for the logical dict .
truth: takes as input the environment spec for which the rollout is to be generated . 
test:  update   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  return a symbolic 3-d variable .
truth: return a symbolic 5-d variable . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  accepts an element of 3 1 and returns an assertionerror containing uri: == node_list when polynomial is positive .
truth: try to rewrite f using a single g functions with argument a*x**b . 
test:  rewrite   docstring
truth:  to   try

test:  check that the tpot distance and having different icrs<->gcrs answers .
truth: check that the geocentric version at least gets well away from gcrs . 
test:  github   test
truth:  check   check

test:  finds a service element .
truth: take a service element and expand it into an iterator of: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  take   a

test:  simulates a text by adding a new .
truth: utility function: return structure unchanged . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   utility

test:  validate and return a converted value for option of type name .
truth: validate and return a mx datetime object for option of type date . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  builds a relative url names for the provided prefix .
truth: build and return a list of entrypoints from a module prefix and list . 
test:  function   a
truth:  build   build

test:  creates a test .
truth: the principal purpose of this view is to allow the automated testing of multiple clients connected to the server at once . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   principal

test:  execute a rendering after rendering it with the given callable .
truth: execute a rendering callable given the callable . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  return a path to the temporary audioclip .
truth: loops over an audio clip . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  loops   loops

test:  get password for given doctype .
truth: return a password type property . 
test:  get   hosts
truth:  return   a

test:  allow between serial proposal .
truth: allows same serial nos for raw materials and finished goods in manufacture / repack type stock entry . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  allows   null

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return suid_bin information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   measure
truth:  return   return

test:  view function for osf unsubscribe .
truth: pulled from django contrib so that we can add user into the form so then we can show relevant messages about the user . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  null   null

test:  calculates the trimmed scoreatpercentile of the mean of the values .
truth: calculate the score at a given percentile of the input sequence . 
test:  calculates   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get all vifs .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces from the table . 
test:  get   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a list of the resource .
truth: get a list of all resource types . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  gets the "needs status of the current thread .
truth: get the autocommit status of the connection . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   get

test:  unregister a value from the registry .
truth: unregister an explicit module in the registry . 
test:  unregister   null
truth:  unregister   null

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: tests that the theano grad method returns a list if it is passed a list and a single variable if it is passed a single variable . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a blob from blobstore -- async version .
truth: delete a blob from blobstore -- async version . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  converts a soundcloud .
truth: build plaintext email . 
test:  create   message
truth:  build   plaintext

test:  asserts that the given task is validation .
truth: assert that the validation does not contain a traceback . 
test:  assert   null
truth:  assert   assert

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: list of nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  list   list

test:  a decorator that yields the result of a test suite .
truth: helper function to handle multiple fake keypresses . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  function   function

test:  wrapper to interface with bcache sysfs .
truth: simple wrapper to interface with backing devs sysfs . 
test:  compute   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decorator for wrapper around is_possible_number_with_reason and templates .
truth: decorator to add tags to test_* functions . 
test:  replace   attempt
truth:  to   decorator

test:  parse process statistics .
truth: turn string or list of strings into list of tuples in format where stat is a value from statistic_types and resource is a value from process_columns . 
test:  handle   parse
truth:  string   string

test:  gets the search tag for a given project_type and create a new task .
truth: get a new proposal using manual search criteria . 
test:  stores   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns all spaces with spaces .
truth: returns a string with consecutive spaces collapsed to a single space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  recurs all files and dirs in *args* ignoring the files as an iterable of strings and dirs dirs and dirs .
truth: recurse all the files and dirs in *args* ignoring symbolic links and return the files as a list of strings . 
test:  recurs   null
truth:  recurse   null

test:  initialize the handler for the given resource .
truth: handler for agent init event . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  returns all databases of all databases in the selected database cli example: .
truth: get the unix time in seconds of the last successful save to disk cli example: . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new dictionary with all keys in the given dict or unicode keys .
truth: return a dict with the unicode keys of the given dict converted to strings . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  send event callbacks to a service .
truth: send a notification to registered extensions . 
test:  notify   send
truth:  send   a

test:  tests that accounts can be used when a folder list .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  null   strategy

test:  return the status for a service via systemd .
truth: helper function which leverages __context__ to keep from running systemctl status more than once . 
test:  return   runs
truth:  function   function

test:  try to import a module given a module .
truth: imports a module . 
test:  import   a
truth:  imports   a

test:  intialize the gallery .
truth: initialize the module . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  compute the categorical from distances between distances and variance .
truth: return the cross-entropy between an approximating distribution and a true distribution . 
test:  null   verifies
truth:  return   return

test:  view an 304 dispatch an 304 response .
truth: try to serve a 304 for static resources . 
test:  to   a
truth:  to   try

test:  removes whitespace including tab and newline characters .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   replaces
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  select the *k* worst individuals among the input *individuals* .
truth: select *k* individuals from the input *individuals* using *k* tournaments of *tournsize* individuals . 
test:  select   null
truth:  select   null

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the alteration dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  this function loads a apple report for the given threads .
truth: given some binary images from an apple crash report and a thread list this returns a list of image uuids to load . 
test:  find   return
truth:  given   null

test:  turn a form field with a set of attributes .
truth: normalize_form_dict -> a dictionary of each attr is a field name . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  given a message object .
truth: process all the msg file found in the message directory . 
test:  send   version
truth:  process   process

test:  load a model model .
truth: load_model -> model load a liblinear model from model_file_name and return . 
test:  model   load
truth:  null   null

test:  return the html .
truth: build scipy documentation and put it into build/docs . 
test:  build   null
truth:  build   scipy

test:  check for gogrid configs .
truth: set up the vultr functions and check for configurations . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  load current request object .
truth: performs a get request for the given url and returns the response . 
test:  null   download
truth:  performs   a

test:  sets the file for the current request lifecycle .
truth: create a rpc instance . 
test:  creates   in
truth:  create   a

test:  test that vcs reads vcs python is not a vcs version .
truth: it can upgrade a vcs requirement that has distributions on the index . 
test:  name   test
truth:  null   null

test:  return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build .
truth: return full pathname of installed makefile from the python build . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns incoming shape containing incoming shape .
truth: returns the incoming data shape . 
test:  get   work
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function to import json object .
truth: import a json module . 
test:  import   json
truth:  import   a

test:  sets parameters .
truth: sets module sub-parameters to those expected by the boto3 api . 
test:  sets   api
truth:  module   module

test:  create a profile dict from ini configurations .
truth: convert the parsed ini config into a profile map . 
test:  takes   server
truth:  convert   convert

test:  detects whether source is p .
truth: detects whether source is p . 
test:  null   null
truth:  detects   null

test:  test template context .
truth: test html attributes for languages different than the site language . 
test:  call   prefix
truth:  test   html

test:  coerces console info to a dict .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  runs the testsuite application with the provided username and password .
truth: the main function runs the codesearchexample application with user specified query . 
test:  point   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decrypts a string .
truth: returns the given string as a decrypted unicode string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  install a socket file on the python file descriptor .
truth: mark a socket as inheritable or non-inheritable to child processes . 
test:  set   set
truth:  mark   a

test:  converts a dictionary to a string .
truth: encode the given integer as a varint and return the bytes . 
test:  call   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns the commit message for the given suggestion object .
truth: returns a modified commit message for an accepted suggestion . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a degree of degree and a degree in multi-dimensional kind .
truth: creates a small matrix m to be triangularized . 
test:  is   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  read a pcap file .
truth: parses a file containing a genepop file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  parses   a

test:  returns a list of the mapping for a given mapping .
truth: returns a list of mappingtypes . 
test:  based   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  during nvidia driver function to ensure correct driver is not set correctly .
truth: test that the gpu device is initialized by theano when we manually make a shared variable on the gpu . 
test:  test   implements
truth:  test   test

test:  set a diff for the current user data .
truth: computes the differences between the actual config and the expected config . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  validates an xml schema file against the given target .
truth: validate a generated xml file against the xsd . 
test:  if   custom
truth:  validate   a

test:  blockdevice a list of datasets from a dataset .
truth: a helper to get the volume for a given dataset_id . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  retrieves the batchjob with the given id .
truth: retrieves the batchjob with the given id . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return a structure representation of each string in the series/index .
truth: find groups in each string in the series using passed regular expression . 
test:  complete   null
truth:  find   groups

test:  ensure that the named database is absent name the name of the database to remove user the user to connect as password the password of the user host the database
truth: ensure that the named cluster admin or database user is absent . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  returns the current connection with the backend username .
truth: given a soup . 
test:  get   title
truth:  given   a

test:  convert a key .
truth: convert a gnu readline style textual description of a key to keycode with modifiers . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  delete a job by its id .
truth: deletes a job entry based on its tag . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  load a joined object .
truth: get the query to retrieve the volume . 
test:  fetch   load
truth:  get   get

test:  move the input through history list .
truth: move back through the history list . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  move   back

test:  replaces union all union with union double unicode counterpart .
truth: base64 all characters in a given payload . 
test:  replaces   sequence
truth:  base64   base64

test:  get servers from keyboard credentials or related to .
truth: legacy function to allow options to define a . 
test:  null   count
truth:  function   function

test:  decorator to make sure the api is not used .
truth: a decorator to label an endpoint as an api . 
test:  null   use
truth:  null   decorator

test:  start helpwindow; helpwindow; .
truth: given a tube which is a shell . 
test:  using   fixture
truth:  given   a

test:  check if the list of files is present .
truth: returns true if dir1 and dir2 are unequal . 
test:  if   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of the custom images that are on the provider .
truth: return a dict of all custom vm images on the cloud provider . 
test:  get   list
truth:  return   a

test:  start the application mode .
truth: start the standalone mode . 
test:  start   run
truth:  start   start

test:  updates a cache slug for the given id .
truth: updates the cache slug in cache_slug . 
test:  update   git
truth:  updates   updates

test:  wait until the response contains status or not .
truth: note the build servers sometimes take longer than 15 seconds to scrub . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  note   note

test:  train a student .
truth: this function trains a student using predictions made by an ensemble of teachers . 
test:  null   working
truth:  function   function

test:  clean the ccx key for a ccx .
truth: converts the given blockusagekey from a ccx key to the corresponding key for its parent course . 
test:  cleans   attempt
truth:  converts   converts

test:  splits a list of headers into a dictionary of pairs .
truth: given a set of key-value pairs . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  expands the string for a true/false and returns a tuple with all tabs stripped .
truth: this function takes the name of a python source file . 
test:  is   parse
truth:  function   function

test:  get the block device mapping for an image .
truth: retrieves block device mapping from ami . 
test:  find   null
truth:  block   block

test:  return the wrapped *public object for an object .
truth: return a list of source lines and starting line number for an object . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  expands the libcloud setting from the image .
truth: convert the libcloud node object into something more serializable . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  generate a random string with a random number of characters .
truth: generate a random string . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  decorator to run a test if we have a path .
truth: decorator to skip test when at least one of commands is not found . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  replacement for restricted .
truth: validates the format of user information in a mongodb uri . 
test:  parse   cuda
truth:  validates   validates

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression for a given expression .
truth: function for printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  prints the version of the current thin wrapper .
truth: display the latest commit version . 
test:  walk   a
truth:  display   display

test:  given a valid region name .
truth: given a valid region name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  convert code to integer .
truth: returns the response message corresponding to an http code . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse a commit header into an externally object .
truth: parse a string referring to a range of commits . 
test:  return   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  get a specific volume .
truth: get a specific child zone . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse a imap map mask .
truth: this routine will parse common imap4 responses into pythonic data structures . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   routine

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test pushbullet notification . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  send   send

test:  all possible functions .
truth: find the types of functions in expr . 
test:  transform   helper
truth:  find   find

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  install a cabal package name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: install packages using the pkgutil tool . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   packages

test:  flatten a list .
truth: for [[1 . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  null   null

test:  reads the header it was a "partial" .
truth: it reads the header from the sff file and returns a dict with the information . 
test:  read   system
truth:  reads   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  fail to fail if the settings of the settings are not part of the settings .
truth: this method throws an exception if any setting needs to be acquired . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  null   method

test:  do all of the default monkey patching .
truth: do all of the default monkey patching (calls every other function in this module . 
test:  replace   null
truth:  do   null

test:  for only a virt instance used by a virt object .
truth: for virt only . 
test:  null   virt
truth:  null   virt

test:  get all receivers from all receivers for a given sender .
truth: get list of all receivers from global tables this gets all receivers which should receive the given signal from sender . 
test:  list   package
truth:  list   list

test:  calculates the hermite interpolation for an array and weights .
truth: asdfasdf @type a: str . 
test:  is   normalize
truth:  null   null

test:  a operator that parses the audio file and returns a dictionary which has been marked as a dict .
truth: wrapper around audio and av content . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return the grains from the cached location .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  return   null
truth:  get   get

test:  get vector3 by point and polarlength .
truth: get the point transformed by the array . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve the active log format for the smtp server .
truth: manage the active log format for the smtp server . 
test:  log   null
truth:  manage   null

test:  dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments .
truth: dont use spaces around the = sign in function arguments . 
test:  use   use
truth:  use   use

test:  call hibernate with the given number of hibernate .
truth: hibernate windows system . 
test:  null   run
truth:  null   windows

test:  private function for computing the mutual info of a new random data .
truth: estimate mutual information for a discrete target variable . 
test:  draws   one
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the line number of the line that is bounding as a line .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  return   check
truth:  obtain   line

test:  delete a vm vm : string vm to be deleted options : boto3 options of vm .
truth: stop a vm . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  stop   a

test:  transform a new inset variable to a numpy array .
truth: p: a theano tensor with elements in the interval [0 . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  length-byte stream of random data from a random string .
truth: length-byte stream of random data from a seed . 
test:  simulates   a
truth:  stream   stream

test:  read in a file inside a package .
truth: reads the contents of a file that is part of a package . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  reads   null

test:  get equated geometryoutput .
truth: get equated geometryoutput . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if g is a groebner basis .
truth: check if g is a groebner basis . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the information associated with a given jid .
truth: return the information returned when the specified job id was executed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a json sink to the native object .
truth: convert a sink resource to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  check whether a value is arbitrary .
truth: test whether the items in value can have arbitrary units numbers whose value does not change upon a unit change . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  test   test

test:  test the overlay overlay ordered by erosion when we get a overlay with the name of the image .
truth: test image overlay . 
test:  text   packagefinder
truth:  test   image

test:  list zones zones :return: a list of :rtype: zones :rtype: string cli example: .
truth: displays a list of available time zones . 
test:  list   return
truth:  displays   a

test:  creates a new package .
truth: creates a package and returns a rope . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  code a single header line as quoted-printable .
truth: decode a header line to 8bit . 
test:  decode   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  validates whether each validator is a validator list of all layers below the same order .
truth: validation only succeeds if all passed in validators return no errors . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   validation

test:  return true if the named service is disabled at boot .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a wrapper around exception that ignores the exceptions given by the exceptions for any exceptions .
truth: print exceptions raised by subscribers to stderr . 
test:  null   replace
truth:  print   exceptions

test:  fetches a list of exploration ids from the given exploration limit .
truth: returns a dict with top rated exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  returns   set
truth:  returns   a

test:  renders a placeholder with a rendering .
truth: render a placeholder in a given context . 
test:  renders   a
truth:  render   a

test:  adds the specified policy for the specified policy .
truth: attach a key policy to the specified key . 
test:  given   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  iterator over all csv files which satisfy : iterator over the csv .
truth: returns an iterator of dictionaries from the given csv object obj can be: - a response object - a unicode string - a string encoded as utf-8 delimiter is the character used to separate field on the given obj . 
test:  given   generator
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display the metric whose content is currently being the current traffic server configuration .
truth: display the current values of all metrics whose names match the given regular expression . 
test:  yield   display
truth:  display   display

test:  redirect to a given nzb .
truth: check if this job contains only nzb files . 
test:  obtain   function
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the hyperbolic lst[a:a+m) of f and its derivative .
truth: replace all trig functions with hyperbolic functions using the osborne rule . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  replace   replace

test:  get vector3 vertexes from side by side .
truth: get geometry output by side loop . 
test:  get   geometry
truth:  get   geometry

test:  writes the given data to a file .
truth: create a file on the device with the provided contents . 
test:  write   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the services that this script .
truth: get a service from its name in the service dict with the specified config . 
test:  module   service
truth:  get   a

test:  return the configuration .
truth: get the status of the current dsc configuration returns: dict: a dictionary representing the status of the current dsc configuration on the machine cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   get

test:  install application-specific grib image handler .
truth: install application-specific hdf5 image handler . 
test:  install   install
truth:  install   install

test:  efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p .
truth: efficiently estimate the 1-norm of a^p . 
test:  estimate   matrix
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  return the list of chunks for each chunks of file with its chunks as a list of chunks .
truth: sort the members of the list |chunks| by their filepath . 
test:  yield   types
truth:  sort   sort

test:  escape markdown characters .
truth: helper function to escape telegram markup symbols . 
test:  escapes   escape
truth:  function   function

test:  load the data .
truth: load the data . 
test:  download   profiling
truth:  load   load

test:  decorator for setting of priority to a target command .
truth: priority decorator for phase methods . 
test:  null   servers
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a list of all the iirpeak for which the currently supported .
truth: design second-order iir peak digital filter . 
test:  returns   factor
truth:  null   null

test:  mimics the page of page links for page whose page is in the page .
truth: return the list of studio help links in the page footer . 
test:  leading   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  write translation translations to a translation file .
truth: write a translation file for a given language . 
test:  extracts   null
truth:  write   a

test:  back-end method to add a new saleor .
truth: back-end method to add a person entity to a role . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  null   method

test:  format correctly instance correctly .
truth: return a properly formatted job dict . 
test:  format   format
truth:  return   a

test:  tests the arrowvisual behaviour of a color .
truth: test drawing arrows without transforms . 
test:  color   tests
truth:  drawing   drawing

test:  compute a kenneth .
truth: aux function for induced power and plv . 
test:  compute   tfr
truth:  function   function

test:  return the source line from a source object .
truth: return the "source" and "line" attributes from the node given or from its closest ancestor . 
test:  return   search
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  guess the "content-type" of a file .
truth: guess which file to use inside a zip file . 
test:  guess   set
truth:  guess   guess

test:  returns the team state for a given team .
truth: given a request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  given   a

test:  save a file to store the store .
truth: save transcripts into staticcontent . 
test:  save   redirect
truth:  save   transcripts

test:  convert a subscription entry to the native object .
truth: convert a log entry protobuf to the native object . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  loads a module from its path .
truth: load a python module from its path . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   a

test:  return a dictionary of the names of all non supported by the dictionary keys .
truth: find known non-supported locales with fallbacks . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  known   find

test:  create a module and all python modules .
truth: return a list of handlers defined in the handlers directory of module_name . 
test:  url   volume
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of posts that can be used as a javascript link to a list of l{defer .
truth: returns a httpresponse whose content is a javascript file representing a list of links suitable for use wit the tinymce external_link_list_url configuration option . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  stop containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: stop running containers in the docker-compose file . 
test:  stop   null
truth:  running   running

test:  generates a localized events for the localized events .
truth: generates localized events dict if i18n_subsites plugin is active . 
test:  builds   up
truth:  generates   null

test:  given a mod path .
truth: given a mod path . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  compute a number of bounds for large overlap .
truth: return true if two bounding boxes overlap . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address .
truth: returns true if address is a valid ipv4 address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  drops all from_object in the database .
truth: convert a file of prolog clauses into a database table . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  extracts the content from the given language file .
truth: extracts all documentation texts inside the given source-code-string using the coala docstyle definition files . 
test:  increment   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  decorator to provide a method to a session .
truth: function decorator that provides a session if it isnt provided . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  function   decorator

test:  load a jose private key and password .
truth: load rsa private key . 
test:  load   json
truth:  load   rsa

test:  formatted date format .
truth: format date with arrow and a fallback format . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  format   date

test:  generates and write the command line links .
truth: basic function for collecting the list of git commands that we need to get individual html files for . 
test:  see   text
truth:  function   function

test:  display and return a list of requested inconsistencies inconsistencies and pillar .
truth: helper method for present . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  password reset page .
truth: view that checks the hash in a password reset link and presents a form for entering a new password . 
test:  to   reset
truth:  view   view

test:  translate a locale by eliot behavior .
truth: translates the object to the given locale . 
test:  given   a
truth:  translates   null

test:  assign a string to a snake_case string .
truth: color names in #rrggbb format . 
test:  generates   color
truth:  color   names

test:  given a clip .
truth: freezes one region of the clip while the rest remains animated . 
test:  freeze   remove
truth:  null   one

test:  returns the length of the decimal tree .
truth: convert a binary array of ip adresses to a python list . 
test:  is   function
truth:  convert   a

test:  create a new modulestore instance .
truth: this will return a new instance of a modulestore given an engine and options . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   null

test:  applies one sample .
truth: applies grovers algorithm . 
test:  array   apply
truth:  applies   null

test:  returns true if the named service is installed .
truth: returns true if the package is installed . 
test:  if   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict with all of the cursor in the specified number .
truth: returns a certain number of rows from a cursor as a dict . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  adds a worker worker to a worker .
truth: start embedded worker . 
test:  start   manager
truth:  embedded   start

test:  returns the product sequence of elements in a given sequence .
truth: returns the product of the elements of the sequence . 
test:  null   setup
truth:  returns   returns

test:  print an error message to stdout .
truth: print up to limit stack trace entries from the traceback tb . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   up

test:  return points at a single corner .
truth: contour is array shape=(number of points . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  recapitalizes text .
truth: recapitalizes text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  text   text

test:  filter out data from a list of data .
truth: randomly samples len elements with replacement . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  samples   samples

test:  return a registry that will be used internally for new application .
truth: i am a normal py file which must define a resource global . 
test:  function   use
truth:  am   am

test:  the restful handler for orphan and its children .
truth: view for handling orphan related requests . 
test:  approximate   null
truth:  view   view

test:  execute a command in a subprocess .
truth: executes a python statement in an externally spawned interpreter . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  use the a1 api to test the bound object .
truth: test that all functions on a _data object are instance methods of that object . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns a list of all xblocks and recursively that contain xblocks for the specified course .
truth: return a list of all valid discussion xblocks in this course that are accessible to the given user . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  computes polynomial factors of a polynomial in k[x] .
truth: raise f to the n-th power in k[x] . 
test:  function   polynomial
truth:  raise   f

test:  resets the login to a user .
truth: sets the current session id in the user profile . 
test:  to   test
truth:  sets   sets

test:  compare all the optimizers given on a few optimizers in zero and a upper root series .
truth: compare all the optimizers given on a grid of a few different functions all admitting a signle root in zero and a upper and lower bounds . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return the version string for the glibc .
truth: returns glibc version string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  specialized copy of the original list .
truth: specialized copy function that will work only on a list of lists with no other member than a fitness . 
test:  clone   copy
truth:  copy   copy

test:  like send_catch_log .
truth: connect callback to be called when any app is finalized . 
test:  to   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  return the friendly type for the given provider .
truth: get a driver . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   a

test:  check if user has access to this course .
truth: check that the user has the access to perform the specified action on the course . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  bessel/thomson digital and analog filter design .
truth: chebyshev type i digital and analog filter design . 
test:  null   digital
truth:  null   type

test:  return the nth moment of a random expression about the given expression i .
truth: return the nth central moment of a random expression about its mean i . 
test:  function   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get the key rotation for the specified key .
truth: get status of whether or not key rotation is enabled for a key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   status

test:  check for all public metadata at a given header at a given header .
truth: helper function to resolve an alternative etag value that may be stored in metadata under an alternate name . 
test:  iterate   checks
truth:  function   function

test:  merges the values and a w that merges the values .
truth: merge and sort percentile summaries that are already sorted . 
test:  merge   arrays
truth:  merge   merge

test:  sends a console console to password .
truth: login to router . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  to   login

test:  converts any given object to its type .
truth: must change string from environment variable into boolean defaults to true . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  change   change

test:  simple case of uploading one pool .
truth: try a pool that cannot execute all submitted jobs at once . 
test:  null   case
truth:  try   a

test:  transform colorize .
truth: initializes the colorization directives via --colorize as a mapping between compiled regular expressions meant to be matched against log filename and target curses color escape codes . 
test:  casts   dataframe
truth:  initializes   null

test:  create 2 dicts .
truth: create logit locator with default minor=false . 
test:  null   header
truth:  create   create

test:  get the actual contract file .
truth: return the path of the file that is used to maintain contract head . 
test:  null   get
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a new event transaction .
truth: sets the event transaction id to a newly- generated uuid . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  sets   sets

test:  pretty print the execution of a translation .
truth: parses and validates the --description option args and executes the request parameters: cmdargstr: json string compatible with _gexperimentdescriptionschema outdir: where to place generated experiment files usagestr: program usage string hsversion: which version of hypersearch permutations file to generate . 
test:  perform   json
truth:  parses   parses

test:  find a prefix that starts a given prefix using the given prefix .
truth: in virtualenv . 
test:  searches   a
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  decorator for marking a method or method into a unittest .
truth: an expectedfailure like decorator that only expects compilation errors caused by unimplemented functions that fail in no-python mode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  validates that a bit is valid for construction .
truth: dbinstance iops validation rules . 
test:  s   checking
truth:  null   dbinstance

test:  display graph to display .
truth: display a graph . 
test:  loads   verifies
truth:  display   a

test:  add article to an imdb .
truth: return the title in the canonic format movie title . 
test:  return   try
truth:  return   return

test:  return a matrix x in x .
truth: boolean thresholding of array-like or scipy . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  list all of the directories stored on the master .
truth: list all of the directories stored on the master cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  parameter parameter to an echo .
truth: retrieves a dict and a default value from given parameter . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  retrieves   a

test:  makes a text with a get_valid_filename and returns a list of exported .
truth: split text::notes strings . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  split   split

test:  computes two texts of two matrices .
truth: mlp: a simplemlp instance returns: f1: a theano function takes two arguments: a minibatch of examples and a minibatch of targets . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   a

test:  cool a gcode linear move file .
truth: skirt a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  null   a

test:  send that that works with logging .
truth: used as generic step that provides an additional remark/hint and enhance the readability/understanding without performing any check . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  used   null

test:  determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop .
truth: determine if the inset is in the same direction as the loop and it is large enough . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  given a dictionary object this creates a new unique object .
truth: given a python dictionary . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  check that the kernel system is fstype .
truth: return the filesystem name of a block device . 
test:  turn   shows
truth:  return   return

test:  a small decorator factory for memoizing class .
truth: return the names of all static arguments to the given function . 
test:  null   function
truth:  return   return

test:  return a string like a value comparison in a remote format .
truth: formats file size as string . 
test:  return   null
truth:  file   file

test:  lc_messages -> host_from_gpu cache .
truth: create a non-iterable box type for an object . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a full status of the learning .
truth: return the status of the lamps . 
test:  call   database
truth:  return   return

test:  add user to user .
truth: ban a user . 
test:  add   up
truth:  ban   a

test:  returns dataset from yaml stream .
truth: returns databook from yaml stream . 
test:  databook   dataset
truth:  databook   returns

test:  compute h from rfc 2617 .
truth: compute h from rfc 2617 . 
test:  training   names
truth:  compute   h

test:  setup logical index file .
truth: build page sequence from index . 
test:  setup   a
truth:  build   page

test:  remove spurious records from geonode db .
truth: remove spurious records from geonode db . 
test:  cleans   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns ip address for the given request .
truth: return the real ip of a client even when using a proxy . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list of issues into non-pr issues and pull requests for a given project and pull a list of issues and pull request .
truth: split a list of closed issues into non-pr issues and pull requests . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   a

test:  is there a quick different (1 of appears to have the same number of the values of testfiles between 0 and y .
truth: returns a tuple representing the sector for the given position . 
test:  null   position
truth:  returns   a

test:  set up the template with something related to the template .
truth: changes django to only find templates from within a dictionary . 
test:  create   setup
truth:  changes   django

test:  turn a containing a branching .
truth: denests sqrts in an expression that contain other square roots if possible . 
test:  null   expr
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the aeon winning .
truth: parameters: jobid: jobid of successfully-completed hypersearch job retval: modelid of the winning model . 
test:  return   check
truth:  null   null

test:  new add form .
truth: perspective add . 
test:  null   page
truth:  add   add

test:  determine if the lines given by one argument and a multiline string .
truth: determine if we can merge a short if-then statement into one line . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  runs the command with a separate error .
truth: runs the command and returns its output after it has exited . 
test:  runs   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the current image model object .
truth: get the dotted app . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  get   get

test:  return a formatted string corresponding to the given uuid .
truth: quick task event . 
test:  return   return
truth:  null   task

test:  get vector3 vertexes from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the arc path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the extrapolate type with the given value .
truth: helper to check if fill_value == "extrapolate" without warnings . 
test:  obj   null
truth:  to   helper

test:  accept the current line of the current line .
truth: without numeric argument . 
test:  inserts   accept
truth:  null   numeric

test:  return the type of the address or a string .
truth: return the types of the address this can be af_inet . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the vm start with the vm name and the session associated with the state specified by the vm session .
truth: tells virtualbox to start up a vm . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  tells   virtualbox

test:  test that external arguments are equal to the given object .
truth: asserts that the message in a raised exception matches a regexp . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  recursively treeapply join for a set of arguments .
truth: apply functions onto recursive containers join - a dictionary mapping container types to functions e . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  apply   functions

test:  read a file with one table with a wrong column that is written to the readily types .
truth: test failure when position line uses characters prone to ambiguity characters in position line must be part an allowed set because normal letters or numbers will lead to ambiguous tables . 
test:  read   test
truth:  test   failure

test:  convert a .
truth: count the number of trailing zero digits in the binary representation of n . 
test:  to   null
truth:  count   count

test:  read raw data as raw object .
truth: raw object from ctf directory . 
test:  read   artemis123
truth:  object   object

test:  lae: is x .
truth: lae: is x 2d . 
test:  test   check
truth:  is   null

test:  remove a zone from a master .
truth: remove slave(s) from and existing zone . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  parameters _type - the type to be a type of a schema .
truth: perform various assertions about *thetype* to ensure that it is a well-defined type . 
test:  return   check
truth:  perform   null

test:  return the popular entries .
truth: return popular entries . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the value with the right lower bits of the value followed by the 7 higher bits .
truth: returns a list with the 7 lower bits of the value followed by the 1 higher bit . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  decorator to define a function in a reactor reactor .
truth: decorate a function by running it with maybedeferred in a reactor . 
test:  run   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  there is a dict of new-style dicts .
truth: return the feature structure that is obtained by replacing each feature structure value that is bound by bindings with the variable that binds it . 
test:  generates   set
truth:  return   return

test:  unset unset .
truth: clear the state/exists values stored in context . 
test:  context   null
truth:  clear   null

test:  get seconds since epoch .
truth: get seconds since epoch . 
test:  seconds   seconds
truth:  seconds   seconds

test:  returns true if the given string is allowed to the given string .
truth: helper function to check whether a string is a valid identifier . 
test:  return   text
truth:  function   function

test:  given a primer object from local beginning .
truth: perform local alignment of primer and sequence primer: input primer sequence sequence: target sequence to test primer against returns the number of mismatches . 
test:  raises   wrapper
truth:  perform   null

test:  test mapnode crash when stop_on_first_crash is false .
truth: test mapnode crash when mapnode is embedded in a workflow . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   mapnode

test:  returns a list of complete config files for a given repo .
truth: parse the given atom . 
test:  return   server
truth:  parse   parse

test:  set/get the ylimits of a second dataframe on or stored on a polar manner .
truth: get or set the theta locations of the gridlines in a polar plot . 
test:  null   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a bookmark .
truth: create bookmark actions depending on module installation: bookmarks = ( . 
test:  creates   create
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  converts an xml string into a documentlistentry object .
truth: converts an xml string into a profilelistentry object . 
test:  converts   converts
truth:  converts   converts

test:  set a term in the current thread .
truth: dummy no-op . 
test:  enable   default
truth:  null   dummy

test:  return true if the given class is a nose class .
truth: check if supplied class looks like nose testcase . 
test:  is   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the ec2 region to use .
truth: return the location to use . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate a generator of lines from a filename of text .
truth: a strings generator . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   strings

test:  copies a file descriptor to the master descriptor .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to spectral and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  require the pootle language .
truth: language1 language . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  null   language

test:  creates a new target from a target .
truth: an unambiguous name for the target . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  change control events .
truth: upcoming events . 
test:  process   a
truth:  null   events

test:  causes a file from a secrets .
truth: create a flow from a clientsecrets file . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get info about an available extension cli example: .
truth: get info about an installed postgresql extension cli example: . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   info

test:  square-free square-free factors in k[x] .
truth: return square-free decomposition of a polynomial in k[x] . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  helper function to convert megacycles to milliseconds .
truth: helper function to convert megacycles to seconds . 
test:  function   systemd
truth:  function   function

test:  return the length of a prefix based on the length of the length .
truth: construct the prefix to lists or strings denoting their length . 
test:  add   a
truth:  construct   null

test:  default literal block block handler .
truth: default literal block handler . 
test:  default   method
truth:  default   literal

test:  generate a list of nodes for a given addon .
truth: generate affected nodes . 
test:  return   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  compute polynomial map of a polynomial in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute gf_pow_mod using the frobenius map parameters f . 
test:  evaluate   polynomial
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse test suite list of tool config .
truth: build tooltestbuilder objects for each "<test>" elements and return default interactor . 
test:  support   run
truth:  build   build

test:  upload a file to the embedding of the file .
truth: upload a file to an s3 object . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  upload   a

test:  returns the mapping for the given element .
truth: tally elements from the iterable . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  null   elements

test:  convert image to a 3d image .
truth: make an educated guess about whether an image has a channels dimension . 
test:  guess   image
truth:  make   null

test:  parses a named character .
truth: parses a named character in a replacement string . 
test:  parses   parses
truth:  parses   a

test:  adds a value to a dict .
truth: a helper function to add "value" to the set of values for "key" . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  add an account to the postgres server .
truth: verifies new external account credentials and adds to users list . 
test:  add   method
truth:  verifies   new

test:  counts the number of times .
truth: return number of unmatched open/close brackets . 
test:  null   counts
truth:  return   number

test:  language: pt-br -> sucess table colorless .
truth: language: fr -> sucess table colorless . 
test:  null   default
truth:  null   fr

test:  verify the user is not examples: .
truth: returns true if the password is valid for the specified user . 
test:  update   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a helper function to get a single attribute with a single type .
truth: get a named attribute from an object . 
test:  null   null
truth:  get   a

test:  class decorator to set a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  set   set

test:  adds a brew event to the broadcasted .
truth: adds one or more taps . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  adds   one

test:  raises an accesserror if name is not a valid name or not .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid postgresql identifier name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  renders the final parameters and send it to the given runner .
truth: renders missing parameters required for action to execute . 
test:  point   a
truth:  missing   null

test:  search for all of the latest modules cli example: .
truth: searches the repository for given pkg name . 
test:  list   list
truth:  searches   searches

test:  determines whether the given kevent represents deletion .
truth: determines whether the given kevent represents modification . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  apply abs to each element of the matrix mat .
truth: apply abs to each element of the matrix mat . 
test:  apply   abs
truth:  apply   abs

test:  returns a string that prints to a color by initializing the django color .
truth: return string surrounded by appropriate terminal color codes to print colorized text . 
test:  text   returns
truth:  string   string

test:  creates a taguri .
truth: creates a taguri . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check to see if a replication group exists .
truth: check to see if a replication group exists . 
test:  if   check
truth:  to   check

test:  get the text .
truth: get the text representation of the repository . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to a ca file to a ca file to a ca file with all the given name .
truth: concatenate all the certificates in anchor_list and write the result to file filename . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  concatenate   null

test:  sets the specified descriptor .
truth: update an existing descriptor or add a new one . 
test:  sets   return
truth:  update   update

test:  get the loops into a list .
truth: get all the intersections of the loops with the other loops . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  contributed by steven huffman <url .
truth: left is a sql clause like tablename . 
test:  contributed   null
truth:  is   null

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  remove the list and art for the dictionary and dictionary the dictionary .
truth: remove the list and art of illusion keys from the dictionary . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  gets a file path based on the path .
truth: what this function attempts to do is take a file and return: - the device the file is on - the path of the file relative to the device . 
test:  file   file
truth:  null   null

test:  returns true if the two strings are equal .
truth: return true if the two strings are equal . 
test:  returns   compare
truth:  return   return

test:  task delete page page page page page .
truth: task time slot delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  time   time

test:  computes the trimmed mean of the values of an array .
truth: computes the coefficient of variation . 
test:  calculates   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  calculate the probability distribution for a distribution .
truth: utility function for the argus distribution used in the cdf and norm of the argus funktion . 
test:  normalize   calculate
truth:  function   function

test:  compute the pairwise matrix of a performs date .
truth: compute the kernel between arrays x and optional array y . 
test:  evaluate   calculate
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: .
truth: return a dictionary of information about all the interfaces on the minion cli example: . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  add links to a list of links .
truth: return a plan for adding a list of links to the scheme . 
test:  given   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  create a epic .
truth: create an epic along with its dependencies . 
test:  create   factory
truth:  create   create

test:  private method to get a datastore key from the current datastore .
truth: retreive metadata about a gs blob from the blob_key . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   metadata

test:  check if current image is rgb .
truth: call the c program for converting rgb to ansi colors . 
test:  null   check
truth:  call   call

test:  a basic basic header with access to the given header .
truth: basic http authentication . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   http

test:  renders a node .
truth: render the node depending on its type . 
test:  email   a
truth:  render   render

test:  returns a function that returns a dictionary .
truth: given a cassandra type name . 
test:  vms   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all block device mapping .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to an instance . 
test:  labels   get
truth:  get   get

test:  extracts a valid root from a path .
truth: transforms path into something that can be used as a html dom id . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  transforms   path

test:  return the attribute of an instance .
truth: get the value of an attribute . 
test:  get   image
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filter values for the binary handling .
truth: return result after masking . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  result   result

test:  deletes an inventory already on the provider .
truth: delete up to one inventory of the given resource_class string . 
test:  given   one
truth:  delete   up

test:  given a dict of requested config values .
truth: return true if config dict in hash is different between desired and current config . 
test:  fixture   null
truth:  return   return

test:  load the data modechoice data and returns a dataset class .
truth: load the china smoking/lung cancer data and return a dataset class . 
test:  load   a
truth:  load   load

test:  toggle data register d1 bit .
truth: toggle data register d4 bit . 
test:  toggle   data
truth:  toggle   data

test:  sort the ip address from the current machine .
truth: ip sorting . 
test:  sort   function
truth:  sorting   sorting

test:  runs a2ensite for the given site .
truth: runs a2dissite for the given site . 
test:  start   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  the form of type .
truth: a simple entry form with various types of objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   a

test:  register a new application .
truth: a helper method to register the routes of an application based on convention . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   helper

test:  context manager that captures validation changes to validation .
truth: context manager to reraise djangovalidationerrors as osf . 
test:  catch   a
truth:  context   manager

test:  a processes processes processes each file is a setup .
truth: kill processes matching a pattern . 
test:  uses   a
truth:  processes   processes

test:  provides a comment for the issue that matches the comment status for this issue .
truth: renders the code responsible for handling comment issue statuses . 
test:  displays   display
truth:  renders   null

test:  mean squared error parameters x1 .
truth: mean absolute error parameters x1 . 
test:  null   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  start a machine by name .
truth: start a node . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  get the integer flag after the split line .
truth: get the string after the first occurence of the character in the split line . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  skills controller .
truth: awards controller . 
test:  null   information
truth:  null   controller

test:  returns a list of event modules with the given plugins .
truth: find all event handlers from plugins as a dictionary mapping event names to sequences of callables . 
test:  return   null
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the image of a binary image .
truth: round floating-point lwork returned by lapack to integer . 
test:  to   user
truth:  round   round

test:  verify that an attribute is explicitly against a set of attributes .
truth: verify that an attribute is present and is explicitly set . 
test:  returns   field
truth:  verify   null

test:  decorator that needs to load methods .
truth: decorator to skip a test if not running under cpython or lacking imp . 
test:  returns   fixture
truth:  to   decorator

test:  get bevel loop .
truth: get bevel loop . 
test:  get   bevel
truth:  get   bevel

test:  returns the name of the js js js js name .
truth: returns code snippet to be appended at the end of a js script . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  code   code

test:  string-template format a string .
truth: string-template format a string: . 
test:  appends   a
truth:  format   format

test:  return a new context object that yields the result of an object .
truth: control automatic evaluation this context managers controls whether or not all sympy functions evaluate by default . 
test:  yield   timestamp
truth:  control   control

test:  given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname .
truth: given an event source mapping id or an event source arn and functionname . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  close a room .
truth: close a room . 
test:  close   a
truth:  close   a

test:  extracts the version number of the project output .
truth: take pacman -qi or pacman -si output and get the version . 
test:  null   package
truth:  take   pacman

test:  compute the spectral bound to the spectral density using the spectral bound .
truth: returns upper bound on the largest eigenvalue of square symmetrix matrix x . 
test:  perform   compute
truth:  returns   returns

test:  attempt to match a partition partition from the load-balancer of a device .
truth: matches device name and returns prefix . 
test:  return   in
truth:  matches   device

test:  for keyspace .
truth: prefix context managers can be created outside of the with block and nested . 
test:  test   test
truth:  context   context

test:  tries to rename a container into which exists .
truth: rename files in the container . 
test:  specified   a
truth:  files   files

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all backups . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  attach a json milestons representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach epics as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   null
truth:  attach   null

test:  modify parameters to group params .
truth: set all of the params in a group to the provided new params . 
test:  modify   a
truth:  set   set

test:  tests that the range of a range is not a scale .
truth: difference between the the max_scale and min_scale parameters in keypoints_censure should be greater than or equal to two . 
test:  make   a
truth:  null   difference

test:  change the arbitrary arbitrary compatible python source .
truth: set the "must split" annotation on the first leaf node . 
test:  name   mask
truth:  set   set

test:  retrieves the vdi for a vm .
truth: retrieves the primary vdi for a vm . 
test:  retrieves   return
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a string made by a module .
truth: dynamically import a module or object . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  import   import

test:  removes whitespace between html tags to a single space .
truth: removes whitespace between html tags . 
test:  whitespace   whitespace
truth:  whitespace   whitespace

test:  returns dataset from csv stream .
truth: returns dataset from csv stream . 
test:  dataset   dataset
truth:  dataset   dataset

test:  to make sure that standby to standby are mapped to the path to the windows .
truth: standby windows system . 
test:  send   columns
truth:  null   windows

test:  coil a gcode linear move file .
truth: write to a filename with a suffix and print a message . 
test:  write   a
truth:  to   null

test:  expected inclusion_tag_current_app __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_tag_use_l10n __doc__ . 
test:  expected   a
truth:  expected   null

test:  use the final array of validation logic .
truth: check the user provided weights . 
test:  check   test
truth:  check   check

test:  check if the metadata is of the group of this group of a group .
truth: check if a given group is a metadata group for a given parent_group . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   check

test:  return the instances of the given identity document .
truth: look up the given key in the given sessions identity map . 
test:  get   try
truth:  look   up

test:  save the load to the jid .
truth: write load to all returners in multi_returner . 
test:  save   null
truth:  load   load

test:  list services belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list services belonging to this account cli example: salt-run pagerduty . 
test:  list   services
truth:  list   services

test:  returns true if a user is lockable .
truth: check if the user has a profile with nolockout if so . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  add mathjax script to rst if it isnt going to rst .
truth: adds mathjax script for restructuredtext . 
test:  content   content
truth:  adds   mathjax

test:  remove the content of the tree that come a given tree .
truth: ensure a directory with 755 permissions mode . 
test:  -   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  returns true if and only if the given clause is present .
truth: given a target clause and a second to search within . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  handle directory and all its proper permissions .
truth: ensure that a directory is available . 
test:  make   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  loads common settings from console .
truth: loads common settings from conf sets the logger loads the request processor . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  get the offsets value .
truth: get a description of a named key exchange algorithm . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  open paths with the given action .
truth: open the parent directory of paths -> qaction . 
test:  call   paths
truth:  open   open

test:  n319 - use log .
truth: n333 - use log . 
test:  -   -
truth:  -   -

test:  run a generic server .
truth: runs thumbor server with the specified arguments . 
test:  run   null
truth:  runs   runs

test:  parse the list of parameters .
truth: parse the parameters list . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a page from the href .
truth: returns a tuple of the html page built and the new current word . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given an event_source dictionary .
truth: given an event_source dictionary . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  only load if csf exists .
truth: only load this module if the pg_createcluster bin exists . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  verify that the version of the response is installed and the second version .
truth: checks if web2py is up to date . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   checks

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  return a free free free space for a given folder .
truth: return folder/drive free space . 
test:  to   generator
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the number of cpus in the system .
truth: returns the number of cpus in the system . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require an personas reviewer reviewer .
truth: require an persona reviewer user . 
test:  test   null
truth:  require   null

test:  returns true if the strings are equivalent in the block for the moment .
truth: compare two blocks for equivalence . 
test:  null   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  set a user to the named user belongs to .
truth: set user name . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  set   user

test:  ensures that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: create a directory and all parent directories on the target device . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  create   a

test:  raises a new actionerror with the given queue if there is no colors or not found .
truth: utility function to queue the state run if requested and to check for conflicts in currently running states . 
test:  if   convenience
truth:  function   function

test:  if a permission code is not a permission .
truth: helper to get/create a new permission . 
test:  null   exception
truth:  to   helper

test:  detect modules without from a list of incomplete numbers .
truth: shouldnt raise an error . 
test:  null   null
truth:  raise   null

test:  set the given properties on an consistencygroup and update it .
truth: set the given properties on a consistencygroup and update it . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a function that can be used as a new theano request .
truth: builds and returns a latitude of given value . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  builds   null

test:  read a .
truth: read a key-value pair format file into a dictionary . 
test:  input   a
truth:  read   a

test:  this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type .
truth: this endpoint is used with a check that is of the ttl type . 
test:  endpoint   function
truth:  endpoint   endpoint

test:  return the vms location .
truth: return the vms location . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  tests if a file has rfc headers .
truth: test rfc6266 . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  test   test

test:  resolve a reverse at the given ip address and return the global address .
truth: lookup a ptr record for a given ip address . 
test:  return   resolves
truth:  lookup   a

test:  returns the http http http cached http http header .
truth: return an http object which caches results returned . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all registered vms .
truth: return a list of available domains . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  see #1576 .
truth: tests that the angular separation object also behaves correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  convert a tuple into a tuple .
truth: convert f into a tuple . 
test:  convert   f
truth:  convert   f

test:  return the path to the test file .
truth: returns filename of test file . 
test:  return   get
truth:  filename   filename

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  create a ipsecpolicy .
truth: create ipsecpolicy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   ipsecpolicy

test:  return a subplot plot for the given grid .
truth: subplot plot . 
test:  plot   a
truth:  plot   plot

test:  remove all transcript from the store .
truth: renames old_name transcript file in storage to new_name . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  renames   null

test:  load the last sine ids .
truth: returns integer board ids available on this machine . 
test:  to   parses
truth:  returns   integer

test:  recursively delete files needed for grunt .
truth: removes files needed for docker if it isnt going to be used . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  files   files

test:  itemtype add .
truth: contacttype add . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator to mark a function as side_effect .
truth: return docstring decorator using docdict variable dictionary parameters docdict : dictionary dictionary containing name . 
test:  decorate   decorator
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  event: add another coroutine to the event: .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  schedule   calls
truth:  null   null

test:  given a course id and thread id .
truth: given a course_id and thread_id . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  create a variable that uses the specified output file to read the log of a random variable .
truth: unsets a cmake variable . 
test:  transforms   null
truth:  unsets   a

test:  generate a random string of salt_chars .
truth: generate a random string of given length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  returns a resource view of rendered resource .
truth: returns a rendered resource view snippet . 
test:  call   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  ensure that a review request is valid .
truth: closes the specified review request as submitted . 
test:  close   a
truth:  closes   null

test:  returns the unicode text from a paginated document .
truth: returns the text from the node . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a dict of making making a runner function with a request .
truth: make a collection of scenarios for testing daemonrunner instances . 
test:  wrap   directory
truth:  make   a

test:  return the nodes of the graph g .
truth: return an iterator over the graph nodes . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  redirect to a new user .
truth: create a role . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  allows a follow request to follow the user .
truth: allows a user to follow another user . 
test:  allows   null
truth:  allows   a

test:  download help .
truth: print help message . 
test:  is   null
truth:  help   help

test:  statement : name equals expression .
truth: number : name equals expression . 
test:  null   name
truth:  null   number

test:  load all modules .
truth: load the hy builtin macros for module module_name . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  load   load

test:  this returns a numeric binding for a standard port .
truth: combine the host header . 
test:  return   information
truth:  combine   null

test:  helper function which provides a dict attributes for the attributes specified .
truth: helper to get attribute values for n attribute names . 
test:  attributes   return
truth:  to   helper

test:  parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: .
truth: parse a url into 6 components: <scheme>://<netloc>/<path>;<params>?<query>#<fragment> return a 6-tuple: . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  test the fitting method .
truth: test the fitting method . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  return a network encoding .
truth: returns a visualization of the custom network as a string of png data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  format the strings distance between strings and b .
truth: measures the "similarity" of the strings . 
test:  null   a
truth:  measures   null

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed the file or text . 
test:  coil   a
truth:  feed   feed

test:  get flavor access list by flavor id .
truth: get flavor access list by flavor id . 
test:  get   flavor
truth:  get   flavor

test:  transform a node that is compatible with the base class .
truth: retrieve the fully qualified python name represented by the given node . 
test:  get   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  city request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  get   null
truth:  code   code

test:  a decorator that keeps a function to be deleted with a temporary directory .
truth: create a temporary directory which can be written to . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  create   a

test:  event: add another coroutine to the scheduler .
truth: event: delegate to another coroutine . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  modifies a view function so that its response has the x-frame-options http header set to deny if the request http referrer is not provided .
truth: decorator to switch an url from http to https . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  evaluate a dense search x .
truth: compute the anova f-value for the provided sample . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create an empty object .
truth: tracks messages for the . 
test:  send   lease
truth:  tracks   messages

test:  run the given thread/comment and return the standard --outdated .
truth: index the objects . 
test:  pull   commit
truth:  index   index

test:  decode a python value from a hex string .
truth: decode hexlified field . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns a list of all users on the course .
truth: list users who have level access . 
test:  return   list
truth:  list   users

test:  take list of names and add them to the ones .
truth: save typing with dynamic assignments: . 
test:  add   add
truth:  typing   null

test:  return a random identifier .
truth: a random 16-digit hex string . 
test:  array   a
truth:  null   a

test:  send coursetalk keys to context .
truth: set params to view context based on course_key and coursetalkwidgetconfiguration . 
test:  null   show
truth:  set   params

test:  returns a form for a particular job .
truth: called from digits . 
test:  shows   pillar
truth:  called   null

test:  run a command in a separate process .
truth: execute a vector of arguments . 
test:  run   run
truth:  execute   a

test:  approximately approximately approximately should be represented by rc4 .
truth: since grains are loaded in many different places and some of those places occur before the proxy can be initialized . 
test:  return   load
truth:  null   grains

test:  compound_statement : lbrace declaration_list statement_list rbrace .
truth: compound_statement : lbrace rbrace . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  decorator to return the result of a function .
truth: amap -> array . 
test:  to   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a list of dependencies starting from assignments .
truth: return a list of all registers which directly depend on the specified register . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  wrap a function for adding a collection of the given target .
truth: return a python property implementing a view of a target attribute which references an attribute on members of the target . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  gets an object by name .
truth: read the data at the given path . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  read   read

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  install up image .
truth: adds media_body and media_mime_type parameters if supported by method . 
test:  unlock   method
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the pattern pattern matching the given pattern or unicode string .
truth: find element pattern can be a regex or a callable . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  find   element

test:  like iter .
truth: encapsulates an argument in a tuple . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  encapsulates   null

test:  return an aware datetime .
truth: if the given object is an adatetime that is unambiguous . 
test:  fix   null
truth:  if   null

test:  a generator for form:: handlers .
truth: generate a tar stream for the contents of a git tree . 
test:  null   version
truth:  generate   a

test:  populate set of unknown statuses .
truth: add the "upstream_*" and "not_run" statuses my mutating set_tasks . 
test:  toggle   null
truth:  add   add

test:  returns the graph that results from contracting the imagemember .
truth: compute the reciprocity for the whole graph . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to attach some tags to a given object with the given name .
truth: fetch tags from objs in one query and then attach them to a property on each instance . 
test:  attach   method
truth:  fetch   tags

test:  creates a new tag for the target .
truth: make a tag object with a default set of values . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  returns a dict of the migration instance .
truth: return the migration for a given class name if no migration found . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list with the specified id .
truth: return a listing of communities . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  location view .
truth: location view . 
test:  view   success
truth:  view   view

test:  mainly mainly for perform a polynomial over the polynomial of the polynomial logic .
truth: recognise polynomial cases . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   polynomial

test:  install a task key for ssh .
truth: install the authorized ssh keys of the current user for root as well . 
test:  install   check
truth:  install   install

test:  login using the console .
truth: expected arguments: sys . 
test:  null   run
truth:  expected   null

test:  override this fixture to change the celery worker .
truth: you can override this fixture to set the worker pool . 
test:  provides   cache
truth:  null   null

test:  this is a helper function to make them available for a data .
truth: ensure that this value remains this value in a dask graph some values in dask graph take on special meaning . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  ensure   null

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: only work on openbsd . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  verify that value is a number of strings .
truth: checks whether value is a member of the set of values given . 
test:  check   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  implements the main method running this smoke test .
truth: implements the main method running this smoke test . 
test:  implements   implements
truth:  implements   implements

test:  returns a list of dictionaries containing information about page .
truth: extra filter args for get_jobs: -not_yet_run: include only jobs that have not yet started running . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  helper for djangos reverse in templates .
truth: helper for djangos reverse in templates . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  update the min from the min config .
truth: function help determinate a min/max value defined in config . 
test:  update   a
truth:  help   help

test:  return the common item in a most order .
truth: items of a defaultdict with the highest values . 
test:  returns   nodes
truth:  null   items

test:  load social auth current user data to context under alternative alternative values .
truth: return usersocialauth details . 
test:  null   user
truth:  return   return

test:  given a string .
truth: its not possible to get the pydocs without starting the annoying pager stuff . 
test:  returns   string
truth:  null   null

test:  memoize decorator for functions which receive a function with a result .
truth: decorator to cause a function to cache its results for each combination of inputs and return the cached result on subsequent calls . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   decorator

test:  use as a decorator to decorate a function with a subclass .
truth: use this decorator to set a label for your aggregation functions on charts . 
test:  label   http
truth:  use   use

test:  simple html with a notebook content .
truth: return html for a div that will display a bokeh plot in an ipython notebook the data for the plot is stored directly in the returned html . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   html

test:  given a list of messages .
truth: sort the given message iterable by the given criteria . 
test:  like   multiple
truth:  sort   sort

test:  find a directory where a given file is located .
truth: search for path in the list of directories dirs . 
test:  find   null
truth:  search   search

test:  used by the resolved .
truth: called by s3optionsfilter to provide the pack options for a particular item access via the . 
test:  show   null
truth:  called   null

test:  displays the login form and handles the login action .
truth: displays the login form and handles the login action . 
test:  displays   page
truth:  displays   null

test:  fetch image based on the user preferences .
truth: scale an image . 
test:  input   issue
truth:  scale   scale

test:  test to ensure that option v can be converted to a line .
truth: test to ensure that option w can be set . 
test:  null   test
truth:  to   test

test:  check if a virtualenv exists .
truth: check if a python virtual environment_ exists . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  destroys the requested vdis .
truth: tries to destroy the requested vdis . 
test:  destroy   null
truth:  to   null

test:  initialize the logging .
truth: initialize logging within this tool . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  logging   logging

test:  save profiling information .
truth: save profiling information . 
test:  profiling   null
truth:  profiling   profiling

test:  run worksheet .
truth: run openpyxl in default mode . 
test:  null   worksheet
truth:  run   run

test:  p: the output of a grey into permission .
truth: start a zeromq device . 
test:  notify   null
truth:  start   a

test:  helper function to display the firewall output .
truth: helper function to format the stdout from the get_firewall_status function . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  parse the graftpoints sha dictionary into a set of pdf data .
truth: convert a list of graftpoints into a dict . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  given a valid config .
truth: convert "eu" to "eu-west-1" . 
test:  given   get
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if influxdb lib is present .
truth: return virtual name of the module only if the python driver can be loaded . 
test:  load   load
truth:  return   virtual

test:  update routes for doctypes .
truth: patch old routing system . 
test:  update   update
truth:  patch   patch

test:  restart containers in the docker-compose file .
truth: restart container(s) in the docker-compose file . 
test:  restart   containers
truth:  restart   restart

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: ticket handler . 
test:  load   page
truth:  null   handler

test:  convert a datetime in a time to a textual datetime .
truth: converts t to the time zone tzinfo . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  converts   t

test:  return the byte code of unicode code .
truth: convert a unicode character code to a unicode character . 
test:  code   in
truth:  convert   a

test:  yaml: rundeck enable rundeck during the build plugin requires the jenkins :jenkins-wiki:sloccount plugin <log+parser+plugin> plugin <summary+display+plugin> .
truth: yaml: rundeck trigger a rundeck job when the build is complete . 
test:  null   shell
truth:  null   null

test:  traverse the given expression structure .
truth: traverse the given expression structure . 
test:  traverse   null
truth:  traverse   null

test:  detach accept section 9 .
truth: detach accept section 9 . 
test:  accept   accept
truth:  accept   accept

test:  get group type by id .
truth: get group type by id . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   group

test:  returns true if the object has an attribute of the given class .
truth: wraps a class . 
test:  does   null
truth:  wraps   a

test:  execute a shell command against a shell .
truth: cmdline can be either a list of arguments or a string . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  null   cmdline

test:  returns the given team with the given team .
truth: returns a standard abbreviation when team corresponds to a team in nflgame . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   a

test:  format a number as a human-readable string .
truth: return a large number in human readable form . 
test:  to   remove
truth:  return   a

test:  esummary returns a handle for a global search result .
truth: esummary retrieves document summaries as a results handle . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  return the value for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  print   current
truth:  change   change

test:  iterates over the modules string and return a list of modules found .
truth: does the heavy lifting of finding format modules . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  does   null

test:  performs the next request on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: .
truth: complete all requests currently on the labjackud request stack for windows only sample usage: . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  complete   null

test:  generate possible user id for the specified user .
truth: return a user id for the given user factory stub object . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  click a transform for a current axes .
truth: helper to fake a click at a relative point within axes . 
test:  attribute   elements
truth:  to   helper

test:  return cssname for given domname e .
truth: returns domname for given cssname e . 
test:  return   cssname
truth:  returns   returns

test:  injects loops into nt search .
truth: search for a dna subseq in sequence . 
test:  null   filter
truth:  search   search

test:  generate support for a type library .
truth: check we have support for a type library . 
test:  indent   docstring
truth:  check   check

test:  gets the traffic for a given campaign .
truth: get traffic for dates when promocampaign is active . 
test:  return   line
truth:  get   traffic

test:  adds a quote to a specific type .
truth: adds a quote to a nick . 
test:  adds   patch
truth:  adds   a

test:  clone a value for a configuration value .
truth: clone the given value . 
test:  ignore   manager
truth:  clone   clone

test:  runs homebrew modules with homebrew .
truth: returns the full path to the homebrew binary in the path . 
test:  guess   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  runs runs the git repository .
truth: run pycodestyle on all python files in the repository . 
test:  command   everything
truth:  run   run

test:  called by the servicetester in order to test update_episode service api call .
truth: called by the servicetester in order to test update_friend service api call . 
test:  called   null
truth:  called   null

test:  enable jquery on the page .
truth: enable jquery animations . 
test:  logs   get
truth:  enable   jquery

test:  step 2 dicts .
truth: step 2 replaces double suffixes . 
test:  step   step
truth:  step   step

test:  given a paginated table obtained by adding some lines of indentation to a bokeh message .
truth: get values listed in <columns> from <stats> and <old_stats> . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   values

test:  remove titles references .
truth: remove names references . 
test:  remove   titles
truth:  remove   names

test:  saves or continue the model at a given bundle .
truth: convert model between model formats . 
test:  source   metadata
truth:  model   model

test:  deserialize a json object into a python object .
truth: parse json string into jsondict . 
test:  parse   json
truth:  parse   json

test:  ensure that the account is enabled .
truth: json call to create new edx account . 
test:  function   redirect
truth:  call   call

test:  return a phone number given a number of rfc dictionaries/lists .
truth: converts number to a form that we can parse and return it if it is written in rfc3966; otherwise extract a possible number out of it and return it . 
test:  approximate   a
truth:  converts   number

test:  callback for the port .
truth: callback to parse --ssh-bind-ports . 
test:  null   parses
truth:  to   callback

test:  return a boolean if we are using the specified name .
truth: check whether the specified name contains invalid characters . 
test:  if   null
truth:  check   check

test:  wraps a class with one of the correct == importable .
truth: decorator that installs powerline prompt to the class . 
test:  null   control
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update addon settings .
truth: update add-on total and average downloads . 
test:  download   new
truth:  update   update

test:  check for issues given by a list of issues and a list of issues .
truth: checks issues for bep 1 compliance . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  issues   issues

test:  test that output of shape is 2 .
truth: ticket #643 . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   ticket

test:  send a simple registration to all response notifications .
truth: resend a gntp register message to growl running on a local osx machine . 
test:  null   register
truth:  null   a

test:  clone a zone from a zone .
truth: install a zone by copying an existing installed zone . 
test:  clone   a
truth:  install   a

test:  determine whether the test needs to be select .
truth: select microversion from test and configuration min version . 
test:  returns   api
truth:  select   microversion

test:  parse a shapes .
truth: parse the shape argument to an array constructor . 
test:  exception   null
truth:  parse   parse

test:  checks if a user is skip to a course .
truth: mark a student to skip entrance exam . 
test:  log   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  search path for executable files with the given name .
truth: search env[path] for executable files with the given name . 
test:  search   path
truth:  search   search

test:  make a translation model .
truth: assumes the gynname corresponds to both a like-named model_params file in the model_params directory . 
test:  estimate   copy
truth:  assumes   null

test:  format a string for display to a string representation of a type .
truth: format a tokenlist tokens with the formatter formatter . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  outputs an expires header for datetime .
truth: outputs an expires header for delta from now . 
test:  outputs   headers
truth:  outputs   outputs

test:  expire g/b .
truth: b-spline basis function of order n . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  null   basis

test:  returns a theano function to create normal terms .
truth: return a list l such that mul == f . 
test:  find   f
truth:  return   a

test:  list all available devices .
truth: list all collections additional parameters may be passed . 
test:  return   a
truth:  list   list

test:  form form of a tweet .
truth: hide the tweet with a given id . 
test:  performs   a
truth:  hide   hide

test:  only load if pyrax is installed .
truth: require the python2-couchdb libraries . 
test:  return   load
truth:  require   null

test:  serializes a vbl library .
truth: returns the full path to chocolatey . 
test:  searches   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a unifrac-like row .
truth: make a unifrac-like metric . 
test:  given   a
truth:  make   a

test:  write the html to a file in the htmlhelp .
truth: build sphinx htmlhelp target . 
test:  writes   content
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  concatenate events along a given events .
truth: concatenate event lists to be compatible with concatenate_raws . 
test:  like   null
truth:  concatenate   event

test:  check that the expected value is of the matrix .
truth: checks that the given value is in the range [0 . 
test:  function   checks
truth:  checks   checks

test:  get a point non-uniform from the control indexes .
truth: get the quadratic point . 
test:  get   policy
truth:  get   get

test:  basic configuration mode - generic nupicmodelid parameters supplied : the false value configuration value - the cib-file configuration value - the value test-if-executable-exists-in-python configuration value test-if-executable-exists-in-python test-if-executable-exists-in-python configuration specify value
truth: loadshapetexture - load 8-bit shape texture data from a tga file and set up the corresponding texture object . 
test:  catch   -
truth:  -   -

test:  test replay with replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  unpause a gcode linear move file .
truth: temperature a gcode linear move file . 
test:  stretch   a
truth:  temperature   a

test:  invert an array or column components .
truth: invert the permutation giver by indices . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  shallow shallow copy with fits based on fits header .
truth: make sure that operations on a shallow copy do not alter the original . 
test:  test   check
truth:  make   null

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   a
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  replaces union all union with union double unicode character with union off .
truth: appends special crafted string notes: * useful for bypassing imperva securesphere waf * reference: url . 
test:  replaces   tag
truth:  appends   appends

test:  load the extension extension for the given ipython .
truth: load the extension in ipython . 
test:  generates   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get the backend name for a backend .
truth: returns the backend by name or raises keyerror . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  serve the client for the mogilefs api .
truth: called when a user requests an image . 
test:  serve   redirect
truth:  called   null

test:  regression test for a bug that caused to_string on a series of keypoints .
truth: check length of time objects and that scalar ones do not have one . 
test:  format   test
truth:  check   length

test:  attempts to remove the plugin id from the request id .
truth: mark a configuration request as done . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  returns a boolean for a string field .
truth: return a constructor for an encoder for fields of a particular type . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  given a course_key .
truth: parse request data into certificate exception and user object . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  request   request

test:  setup the insteonlocal component .
truth: set up insteon hub component . 
test:  setup   try
truth:  set   up

test:  creates and returns a dependency dependency for all node that has the named distribution .
truth: add the supplied version of python-flocker to the base dependency lists defined in dependencies . 
test:  list   null
truth:  add   add

test:  dimitem : expr lt expr | expr le expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr | expr ne expr | expr | expr |
truth: dimitem : id lparen integer comma integer rparen . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a string like abc .
truth: parse the value of an extended attribute . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns the csrf token required for a post form .
truth: returns the the csrf token required for a post form . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts any object into a c{set} .
truth: detect missing values . 
test:  null   null
truth:  missing   null

test:  convert arg to unicode .
truth: only in python 2 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   in

test:  compile several source files .
truth: compile several source files . 
test:  compile   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return a single sysctl parameter for this minion name the name of the sysctl value to display .
truth: return a single sysctl parameter for this minion cli example: . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  computes a series of unique elements for weights used by correct: .
truth: compute log of the ais weights parameters batch_size : scalar size of a batch of samples free_energy_fn : theano . 
test:  compute   args
truth:  log   log

test:  check for except: .
truth: check for asserttrue(isinstance) sentences n316 . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  undo the load text from a foscam image .
truth: chop off tiny real or complex parts . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  chop   chop

test:  decorator to use the specified object to skips this is not a decorator to be associated with the wrapped policy .
truth: check policy corresponding to the wrapped methods prior to execution this decorator requires the first 3 args of the wrapped function to be . 
test:  check   policy
truth:  check   policy

test:  test that a slug can be loaded .
truth: make sure that creating a header from another header makes a copy if copy is true . 
test:  initializes   a
truth:  make   null

test:  save a demo constraint with the given collection .
truth: loads a demo collection . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  loads   a

test:  analyzes the value of down down .
truth: breaks down vsphere soap cookie . 
test:  see   return
truth:  breaks   breaks

test:  returns a dict with keys supplied as key .
truth: returns an image object populated with metadata for image with supplied identifier . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  the utility function: convert a add-on add-on to a add-on add-on .
truth: convert between pixel distances and angular units . 
test:  process   size
truth:  convert   convert

test:  only load if the timezone module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only make these states available if open vswitch module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  make   null

test:  list key policies for the specified key .
truth: list key_policies for the specified key . 
test:  get   a
truth:  list   list

test:  return info about the current linux distribution cli example: .
truth: return compactionstats info cli example: . 
test:  return   tpstats
truth:  return   return

test:  get the class type that is a list .
truth: get keys for repository . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   keys

test:  decorator to use the given gating gating if the course has been enabled .
truth: decorator that checks the enable_subsection_gating course flag to see if the subsection gating feature is active for a given course . 
test:  returns   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the metric definition dictionary .
truth: initialize metrics . 
test:  open   a
truth:  initialize   metrics

test:  find if the object has a method with a given name .
truth: find if the provided object has a specific method . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  if   find

test:  do a certificate display for a file thru the desired display .
truth: some oss require the contents of a component to be signed as well . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  optimizes the full database or just a given table cli example: .
truth: repairs the full database or just a given table cli example: . 
test:  order   null
truth:  repairs   null

test:  no dependency checks .
truth: should work on any modern python installation . 
test:  validate   module
truth:  work   work

test:  assemble options into a mapping of option names .
truth: return a mapping of option names to values . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a hex string to an integer .
truth: convert hex fields from /proc/net/route to octects . 
test:  transform   hex
truth:  hex   hex

test:  generates a dictionary of command to use for the current process .
truth: generates command to tag the git hash of the hotfix . 
test:  command   a
truth:  command   command

test:  parse a line from the json text command line parameters get_host : string or none .
truth: extract json from out . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  extract   json

test:  simple function to convert the extension in the given list .
truth: create a list of elements each one matching one of the given extension elements . 
test:  returns   arrays
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a file .
truth: permanently delete files . 
test:  removes   file
truth:  delete   delete

test:  get the network state for a network .
truth: get state of specified network . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   state

test:  return a lazy function which is related to the given operation .
truth: schedule function to be called once model and all related_models have been imported and registered with the app registry . 
test:  do   iterator
truth:  function   function

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm .
truth: merges mros in *sequences* to a single mro using the c3 algorithm . 
test:  merges   migrate
truth:  merges   mros

test:  indent text with a prefix .
truth: add prefix to the beginning of all lines in text . 
test:  text   a
truth:  prefix   prefix

test:  converts the xml string to an integer .
truth: the user should call these functions: parse_xmlrpc and build_xmlrpc . 
test:  works   build
truth:  null   user

test:  check for json statistics for all tracks for this request .
truth: returns monthly activity for matching changes as json . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a new servicepair for testing .
truth: create a servicepair allowing testing of localvolumemanager . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  take a {{ platform and appends it with the output .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  update   null
truth:  if   null

test:  iterate over a strides of f .
truth: yields the f-contigous strides . 
test:  uses   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   builder
truth:  null   builder

test:  set a key/value pair in the rest interface .
truth: set a key/value pair . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  gauss-hermite quadrature .
truth: gauss-hermite quadrature . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   null

test:  display the amount of display on or off :return: true if display is on the "wake display .
truth: display the amount of idle time until the display sleeps . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  given a url for the provided slug .
truth: generate releases url from github slug . 
test:  takes   build
truth:  releases   releases

test:  evaluate piecewise polynomial of the first kind .
truth: this function handles the indefinite integrations of singularity functions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  function   function

test:  remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd or hd .
truth: remove both leading /dev/ and xvd or sd or vd . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert a python class to a string .
truth: creates a dispatch based com object on a specific machine . 
test:  null   list
truth:  creates   a

test:  copy a file to the destination .
truth: copy a filename to the clipboard . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  returns an array with new encoding .
truth: determine whether an array may be binary encoded . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  transform a dictionary or a dictionary to a dictionary .
truth: push element to the my_dict[key] list . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  push   element

test:  execute the given files in the given template file .
truth: get the fingerprint for an item . 
test:  append   null
truth:  get   get

test:  checks that a largest rechunk make these bundled bundled *new_chunks* *new_chunks* *new_chunks* *new_chunks* *new_chunks* *new_chunks* *new_chunks* *new_chunks* *new_chunks* to get the largest rechunk *new_chunks* .
truth: plan an iterative rechunking from *old_chunks* to *new_chunks* . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  plan   plan

test:  create a new role cli examples: .
truth: create a named role . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  find a directory where a given host is located in the path .
truth: searches for the directory where a given file is located . 
test:  searches   find
truth:  searches   searches

test:  convert a dict of dicts into a dict .
truth: convert an elb listener dict into a listener tuple used by certain parts of the aws elb api . 
test:  convert   new
truth:  convert   convert

test:  encode the given html string .
truth: dump a string to json in a manner that can be used for js strings in mako templates . 
test:  lookup   null
truth:  dump   a

test:  all networks for a service .
truth: concatenate a three-part domain name into a properly-escaped full domain name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  concatenate   a

test:  generator that returns a random graph .
truth: generates and returns a :py:class:~altgraph . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   null

test:  ensure that the forbid conditional is valid .
truth: helper wsgi app returns 403 if param die is 1 . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   wsgi

test:  return a list of all packages found in the package tree .
truth: return root package and all sub-packages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   root

test:  returns link to weblate weblate .
truth: returns link to weblate documentation . 
test:  link   link
truth:  link   link

test:  normalizes data with a new type query .
truth: apply the correct time and timezone to a date . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  apply   apply

test:  return a list of courses courses .
truth: returns a list of courses available . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute polynomial nf .
truth: compute a reduced normal form of f with respect to g and order o . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  given a hash of bytes and a hash .
truth: perform the query that is passed to it . 
test:  execute   average
truth:  perform   null

test:  filters a sequence of objects by applying a test to each object .
truth: filters a sequence of objects by appying a test to either the object or the attribute and rejecting the ones with the test succeeding . 
test:  filters   a
truth:  filters   a

test:  simple sleep that must be substituted .
truth: sleep the system . 
test:  sleep   run
truth:  sleep   sleep

test:  install a wx .
truth: install the wxpython support . 
test:  install   commit
truth:  install   install

test:  returns the attributes value for the given node .
truth: wrapper function to retrieve attributes from xml nodes . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return a string describing an acceptable class via its instancestate .
truth: return a string describing an instance via its instancestate . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   a

test:  same as a ^ b .
truth: same as a ^= b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  create a complete django test suite for the provided module .
truth: create a complete django test suite for the provided application module . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  install pyenv if pyenv is installed .
truth: install pyenv systemwide cli example: . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   pyenv

test:  configure the runtime environment .
truth: configures the runtime environment . 
test:  module   configure
truth:  configures   configures

test:  interpolate mapping of recovery .
truth: interpolate bad channels from data in good channels . 
test:  wait   hack
truth:  null   null

test:  return a set of valid status .
truth: return valid status . 
test:  set   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test existence of a dataset .
truth: test existence of a table . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   existence

test:  tests clrtype .
truth: our implementation of __clrtype__ returns existing . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   implementation

test:  return a sqlalchemy tuple with all items for the given axis .
truth: convenience function for generating axis descriptions when defining metaarrays . 
test:  batch   names
truth:  function   function

test:  pools for several slicing functions .
truth: apply k-nn model . 
test:  indices   calls
truth:  apply   apply

test:  ensure we can compile functions with a regular expression .
truth: single ^ reg-ex shouldnt match w/ a sub-set of a string . 
test:  test   verifies
truth:  null   ^

test:  create a colormap with the given contig .
truth: return palette-colored image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  this function returns true if the contents of the "word" queue .
truth: analyze the entire solution space starting from initial_state . 
test:  finds   counts
truth:  analyze   analyze

test:  like expr .
truth: shorthand for assert . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  convert text into a dns rdata class value .
truth: convert text into a dns rdata class value . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  look for a table in the request .
truth: checks whether the given beautifulsoup tag is the table the user intends to process . 
test:  delete   function
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create a media for an already open file descriptor .
truth: create a media for an already open file descriptor . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  emit yaml parsing events into a stream .
truth: emit yaml parsing events into a stream . 
test:  return   null
truth:  emit   yaml

test:  async version of fetch_data() .
truth: async version of delete() . 
test:  null   version
truth:  null   version

test:  destroy the group or raise if it does not exist .
truth: destroy the group snapshot or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   null

test:  return true if python version has a python dictionary .
truth: check whether the given name is a valid python binary and has test . 
test:  check   a
truth:  check   check

test:  validate the servicetype type and return the correct servicetype type .
truth: verify the service type id exists . 
test:  validate   error
truth:  verify   null

test:  entry point for classes .
truth: if navbar . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  a wrapper for date/time .
truth: creates a datetime object and makes it timezone-aware . 
test:  null   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  return the url for the regex .
truth: validate a url . 
test:  rfc   like
truth:  validate   a

test:  change control index page .
truth: widget: all activity . 
test:  returns   activity
truth:  null   null

test:  install a .
truth: install a _() function using the given translation domain . 
test:  install   a
truth:  install   a

test:  check to make sure the default plot works properly .
truth: check to make sure the default linelength matches the input linelength . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  error checking that the error is not a policy error .
truth: the error code is returned in the last argument . 
test:  checking   error
truth:  error   error

test:  sorts and takes a list of master list of master .
truth: sorts and fills the taxonomic information of taxa summaries . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  sorts   null

test:  load a layer from paramaters paramaters .
truth: loads 300x1 word vecs from google word2vec . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  take an authorization dict and turn sorted into an integer .
truth: extract rest filter parameters from the request get args . 
test:  selected   parses
truth:  extract   rest

test:  importing vispy should only pull in other modules .
truth: not importing vispy should not import any vispy modules . 
test:  importing   vispy
truth:  importing   null

test:  list all the test cases in a class .
truth: return a list of testcase instances given a testcase class this is useful when you have defined test* methods on your testcase class . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of vms on opennebula .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate the script .
truth: main entry-point for the cli tool . 
test:  null   command
truth:  null   null

test:  a simple compressor which tracks the compressor date to be displayed .
truth: returns a gzip-compressed response . 
test:  add   in
truth:  returns   a

test:  helper function for **** .
truth: loads a specified dataset according to the parameters in the dictionary parameters conf : writeme returns writeme . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  a scenario description with more may contain a scenario .
truth: scenario description takes a scenario . 
test:  null   description
truth:  null   description

test:  converts a content to a string .
truth: returns a string without the extra triple quotes . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  make sure ast can compile valid get .
truth: make sure ast can compile valid get . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  find the search file .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  generate a new dictionary with pytables labels .
truth: test whether densedesignmatrixpytables can be constructed with x_labels and y_labels . 
test:  default   test
truth:  test   test

test:  split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern .
truth: split the source string by the occurrences of the pattern . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  fixture to return a valid template .
truth: url to example cookiecutter template on github . 
test:  join   a
truth:  to   url

test:  remove all css classes from the css class .
truth: remove a css class from a string of css classes . 
test:  function   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  helper function for pretty-printing an expression .
truth: function for pretty printing of expressions generated in the sympy . 
test:  unicode   function
truth:  function   function

test:  register language support with the manager .
truth: register language support with the manager . 
test:  register   language
truth:  register   language

test:  check sparse matrices .
truth: check iforest for various parameter settings on sparse input . 
test:  test   a
truth:  check   check

test:  return netstat routing information for route and macos .
truth: return netstat routing information for sunos . 
test:  return   netstat
truth:  return   netstat

test:  add the given host for the specified aggregate .
truth: add host to the aggregate . 
test:  add   hosts
truth:  host   host

test:  add any of the default configuration in the configuration .
truth: returns the schema for the config options that can be edited during runtime by default these are the keys of the :py:func:ckan . 
test:  update   sqlalchemy
truth:  returns   returns

test:  make sure that any files in the file is present .
truth: make sure that the whitespace for . 
test:  name   null
truth:  make   null

test:  make a request to accept an event with a method .
truth: enable a hook pre http request . 
test:  run   method
truth:  enable   a

test:  allows a dictionary to search for a dict of fields .
truth: in searchablequeryset and searchablemanager . 
test:  return   convert
truth:  null   in

test:  saves an image to the sentence .
truth: saves an array to a binary file in . 
test:  save   set
truth:  saves   null

test:  chomp any "+git .
truth: chomp any "+git . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for inserting a feature into a sequenceexample proto .
truth: wrapper for inserting an int64 feature into a sequenceexample proto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a file data separated by the thing and write it to a file .
truth: decode a resource into a python data structure . 
test:  decode   data
truth:  decode   a

test:  create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments .
truth: create a back reference with explicit keyword arguments . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  writes a file with the given contents of a random gdb script .
truth: source a gdb script with script_contents passed as a string . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  source   a

test:  given a url prefix .
truth: join url prefix with fragment . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  url   url

test:  combine data points in left with right column components of all the right side points .
truth: combine left and right hemisphere time series into a single text file . 
test:  import   null
truth:  left   null

test:  gives mute preferences for exploration with given user_id .
truth: gives mute preferences for exploration with given exploration_id of user with given user_id . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  gives   mute

test:  adds html to the whole page with the specified component .
truth: adds an instance of the html component with the specified name . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the type string where "normalized" is a type string .
truth: normalize an encoding name . 
test:  normalize   normalize
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  create a new reuse_db with the given title and return a list of tasks that an earlier .
truth: create a dock widget and set it up accordingly . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a string for a jinja tags .
truth: leave text links untouched . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  text   text

test:  add allocated_id table .
truth: add race preventer field to workers table . 
test:  add   allocated_id
truth:  add   race

test:  allows a es template to es page .
truth: returns the appropriate "elasticsearch is down!" template . 
test:  returns   like
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of tuples in the fits with the items of the given list .
truth: return a subset of items from iterable which are not dominated by any other item in iterable . 
test:  get   compare
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the current time .
truth: return hostname of local host . 
test:  change   window
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  a memoize memoize decorator .
truth: caches previous calls to the function . 
test:  wraps   decorator
truth:  caches   caches

test:  compute bounding-box regression targets for an image with rois .
truth: compute bounding-box regression targets for an image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  test gpu version of set_subtensor on matrices .
truth: test gpu version of set_subtensor on vectors . 
test:  test   gpu
truth:  test   gpu

test:  view decorator to wrap a view license .
truth: in the lms . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   in

test:  returns console width .
truth: returns console width . 
test:  returns   console
truth:  returns   console

test:  escape a unicode string in an oauth-compatible fashion .
truth: escape a string in an oauth-compatible fashion . 
test:  escape   a
truth:  escape   a

test:  computes the ci% absolute surface of the matrix .
truth: calculate primary currents in a set of meg coils . 
test:  using   a
truth:  calculate   primary

test:  returns a random integer from a random number .
truth: returns a random integer in [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that a target with a translation exists .
truth: tests that target changes are properly synced to disk . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  delete a python function .
truth: a wrapper inserting code calling numba-compiled *gendesc* . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  run a suite .
truth: run tests from a unittest . 
test:  create   run
truth:  tests   tests

test:  escape & .
truth: replaces any character not supported by xml with a replacement string thanks to url . 
test:  control   a
truth:  replaces   replaces

test:  create a new user .
truth: create a mysql user . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compare the replication and desired desired role to a replication categorization .
truth: replication accepts a non-arn role name . 
test:  compare   change
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return an oxml xml generated from the given string .
truth: return the xml generated from *cxel_str* . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   return

test:  retrieve a quota class for a given quota .
truth: retrieve a quota class or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  validator for stack platform .
truth: validator for manifest platform . 
test:  check   validator
truth:  null   validator

test:  calls into the pt-br .
truth: calls progress() only if we havent printed progress in a while . 
test:  skip   null
truth:  calls   calls

test:  converts data type to numpy format .
truth: maps numpy dtype to statas default format for this type . 
test:  transforms   attempt
truth:  maps   numpy

test:  configures the audio output device for the specified audio .
truth: configures an explicit audio output device for a given audio output plugin . 
test:  set   get
truth:  configures   configures

test:  stuff stuff to be used with the course or commentserializer .
truth: provide data for the corresponding dashboard section . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  provide   data

test:  computes the fprime score function .
truth: the regularized derivative . 
test:  sample   params
truth:  regularized   null

test:  turn a column list into a list of already names .
truth: given the columns clause and order by of a selectable . 
test:  like   expand
truth:  given   null

test:  get a backup info file from a file .
truth: returns entities iterator from a backup_info file content . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  returns   entities

test:  return the list of available image data .
truth: get the list of cover art associated with a release . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   generic

test:  this will return a treesegment tree of a defined tree .
truth: convert a tree into a treesegmentwidget . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  updates link to current user .
truth: takes an old . 
test:  decide   url
truth:  takes   null

test:  return the list of test id within each test suite .
truth: return the id of each test within the given test suite or case . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return details about the server url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: .
truth: find memory leaks in tomcat url : url the url of the server manager webapp timeout : 180 timeout for http request cli examples: . 
test:  downloads   apply
truth:  find   memory

test:  get classes of an object .
truth: return the class or type of object obj . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  verify that the value of the value is a dict .
truth: validates the value of a ui configuration . 
test:  function   attempts
truth:  validates   validates

test:  test serializing after handling .
truth: test a bug in the interaction between the ner model and the gazetteer . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   a

test:  return the canonical database .
truth: this exists for backwards compatibility . 
test:  return   function
truth:  exists   exists

test:  returns the endpoint of a given endpoint .
truth: return the transfer type of the endpoint . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  turn a time in utc .
truth: calls the default :class:arrowfactory <arrow . 
test:  null   val
truth:  calls   calls

test:  expr_eval -> value restricted python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants .
truth: const_eval -> value safe python constant evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression describing a python constant . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  parameter to return the current pattern .
truth: init the lstm parameter: :see: init_params . 
test:  null   null
truth:  init   init

test:  asserts that the text of the first element matching the text .
truth: asserts the text of the first element matching the specified path matches exactly the specified text . 
test:  assert   asserts
truth:  asserts   asserts

test:  return true if the disabled version is disabled .
truth: return true if all the files are disabled . 
test:  change   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the mapping of a selections .
truth: given the raw mapping blocks . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   null

test:  html document visit handler .
truth: html document generator visit handler . 
test:  document   document
truth:  document   document

test:  give a random integer value for the given state .
truth: set random state of an estimator if it has the random_state param . 
test:  stores   function
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a list of credit requests for the given user .
truth: retrieve the status of a credit request . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  take a yaml string and make it usable with the current yaml level .
truth: returns a yaml snippet padded to match the indent level you specify . 
test:  text   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a course_id and a dataset_id .
truth: create a new blockdevicevolume with a blockdevice_id derived from the given dataset_id . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  compute the triangle code between a raw code .
truth: compute the triangle activation function used in adam coates aistats 2011 paper . 
test:  evaluate   parses
truth:  compute   compute

test:  escape the given data to unpickle module .
truth: retrieve pickle from pickled string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  error checking for routines that return a nice minus termination .
truth: error checking on routines that should not return -1 . 
test:  checking   function
truth:  checking   checking

test:  remove the underlying underlying data from this script .
truth: call _butter now to cache some useful values . 
test:  null   change
truth:  call   call

test:  returns a valid filename that can be used to make a valid filename .
truth: returns the given string converted to a string that can be used for a clean filename . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if the user is visible to visible a user .
truth: determines whether to show/hide a users votes . 
test:  separate   get
truth:  determines   null

test:  run a child celery error on the celery user .
truth: this task raises an exception from celery to test error logging and sentry hookup . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   task

test:  return an iterable of image urls for the given image urls this is an protecting function returns a list of image with all the image urls .
truth: return a list of image urls extracted from text . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a list of the images that are considered within the given product .
truth: returns list of product images that will be placed in product gallery . 
test:  get   return
truth:  list   list

test:  strips the current time from posix to the pants time .
truth: convert posix time to html header time format . 
test:  get   email
truth:  convert   posix

test:  get ordered ordered loops .
truth: get ordered nestedrings from nestedrings . 
test:  get   get
truth:  ordered   get

test:  execute a command .
truth: run conda env commands args: command: the command . 
test:  run   in
truth:  run   conda

test:  password change form .
truth: change password form page . 
test:  shows   show
truth:  password   password

test:  import a python object that has the given *name* .
truth: import a python object that has the given *name* . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   a

test:  return the current :class:~matplotlib .
truth: return the hold status of the current axes . 
test:  get   return
truth:  return   return

test:  runs the var(p) process with the var(p) process .
truth: produce linear mse forecast parameters y : coefs : intercept : steps : returns forecasts : ndarray notes lutkepohl p . 
test:  null   null
truth:  produce   linear

test:  fork a textual file .
truth: fork() -> fork and make the child a session leader with a controlling terminal . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  submit the line breaks before the current line .
truth: determine if there are no blank lines before the current token . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   null

test:  determine if a distribution is rhel to be run .
truth: determine whether the named distribution is a version of rhel . 
test:  test   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  dateordatetime dateordatetime value into the :func:cached state of the unset .
truth: utility method to serialize aggregatemetric and aggregatedcounter objects to json . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   method

test:  image is deprecated .
truth: convert numpy . 
test:  convert   function
truth:  convert   numpy

test:  make sure the timeout is raised when the timeout is raised .
truth: make sure the timer works with setinterval() . 
test:  make   subreddits
truth:  make   null

test:  a context manager for how much a secret model .
truth: a context manager that yields a secret model defined at runtime . 
test:  context   context
truth:  context   context

test:  returns a dict with all exploration summaries .
truth: returns a dict with all exploration summary domain objects . 
test:  fetches   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  read the cache file into something .
truth: reads the cache file of a bibliography file . 
test:  git   read
truth:  reads   null

test:  replace all the worst functions in the threads .
truth: this is a thread target which every x minutes . 
test:  null   data
truth:  is   null

test:  create a new equity object with the right curve .
truth: args: all_holdings :  returns: pd . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  null   null

test:  log a message with severity error on the root logger .
truth: log a message with severity error on the root logger . 
test:  log   a
truth:  log   a

test:  make a temporary file with the provided arguments .
truth: factory function provided for backwards compatibility . 
test:  to   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get the member to the movie section .
truth: get a list of member resources managed by the specified group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  read a cifar byte format as a cifar version .
truth: reads and parses examples from cifar10 data files . 
test:  read   parses
truth:  reads   null

test:  return a tablespace from the postgres server .
truth: return dictionary with information about tablespaces of a postgres server . 
test:  replaces   null
truth:  dictionary   dictionary

test:  remove a file .
truth: delete a file safely . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write a dau_pack16 tag to a fif file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns the script names to use for writing .
truth: main function . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  function   function

test:  strip # markers between string between a and b .
truth: removes anything between string a and b inside the given string . 
test:  return   strip
truth:  removes   anything

test:  pull a string from a buffer .
truth: reads an int specified buffer into a string and returns the string and the new offset in the buffer . 
test:  read   tuple
truth:  reads   null

test:  configure a grid object with a grid grid .
truth: polar projection . 
test:  function   feature
truth:  null   projection

test:  converts a group of type names to a tree .
truth: convert key/value to tree . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns the precedence object .
truth: returns the precedence of a given object . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o .
truth: set up & run a publisher for programmatic use with file-like i/o . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  regression test for a reference implementation with a sets of values .
truth: test using a reference hard sigmoid implementation . 
test:  using   test
truth:  using   test

test:  return a default deadline dictionary for the given credit for the given credit .
truth: the default deadline to use when creating a new crediteligibility model . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  default   default

test:  view for osf redirect to .
truth: view for osf register . 
test:  null   a
truth:  view   view

test:  search for a specific task by its values .
truth: return a seenentry instance if it matches field values . 
test:  select   a
truth:  return   a

test:  extract the config name from a full config name .
truth: extract the config name from a full resource name . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  parse the btrfs line .
truth: parse the btrfs line todo: finish up the weird parsing on this one url#btrfs . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  get the directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  turn a logger for the given root .
truth: undoes the automatic logging setup done by openai gym . 
test:  undo   null
truth:  undoes   null

test:  api: execute a test notification script .
truth: api: send a test to windows . 
test:  execute   send
truth:  send   send

test:  stop a scan .
truth: stop a scan . 
test:  stop   power
truth:  stop   a

test:  add pillars output to negatives and end .
truth: add pillars output to negatives . 
test:  add   pillars
truth:  add   pillars

test:  returns the contents of the default object .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the default object values . 
test:  get   attempt
truth:  returns   a

test:  this is a decorator which can be used to mark functions as deprecated .
truth: a decorator used to mark functions as deprecated . 
test:  is   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  julian calendar date to julian date .
truth: julian calendar date to julian date . 
test:  null   calendar
truth:  null   calendar

test:  add the call to the queue .
truth: fills call_queue with _workitems from pending_work_items . 
test:  adds   attempts
truth:  fills   null

test:  retrieve all quotas associated with a given project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  unordered information for exporting one sample proportion .
truth: returns the critical values for cointegrating and the adf test . 
test:  returns   linkification
truth:  returns   returns

test:  yaml: critical enable critical to the console for the project .
truth: yaml: critical-block-end designate the end of a critical block . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test that a hosts file matches the given list of paths .
truth: verify a hosts key . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  verify   a

test:  add a bearer token_ to the request uri .
truth: add a bearer token_ to the request uri . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   a

test:  returns the alternating entropy of the first kind .
truth: example taken from t . 
test:  function   a
truth:  taken   example

test:  return filename .
truth: test whether filename matches pattern . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  perform registration on the provided data .
truth: gets registration form from remote host . 
test:  returns   dataframe
truth:  gets   registration

test:  returns a randomly generated key with a local value .
truth: returns a key name lexically ordered by time descending . 
test:  fake   build
truth:  returns   a

test:  ignore missing items in the given key .
truth: if the key is missing from the data . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  if   null

test:  if the schedule for rebuild .
truth: try to schedule a kb rebuild if a title or slug has changed . 
test:  compare   updates
truth:  to   try

test:  cache all objects of a given tree .
truth: cache translation objects in given languages . 
test:  list   null
truth:  cache   translation

test:  create a new course .
truth: create a new course . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   a

test:  try to find the current home directory .
truth: return user home directory . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   user

test:  list public ip blocks for the specified network .
truth: get list of public ip blocks for a domain . 
test:  returns   media
truth:  list   list

test:  downloads libxml2 .
truth: downloads cifar10 and uncompresses it locally . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  downloads   cifar10

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like an object .
truth: returns true if and only if the given object is an iterator object . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  recalculation --> /path .
truth: recursively downloads a file entry to the target path . 
test:  null   null
truth:  downloads   downloads

test:  retrieves the names of a file .
truth: returns a temporary directory . 
test:  get   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  return a tree hash with the given fo .
truth: given a hash of each 1mb chunk this will hash together adjacent hashes until it ends up with one big one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  given a list of srs .
truth: takes a list of things and returns them in a dict separated by sr_id . 
test:  name   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  adds the header hdr: value with the response .
truth: adds the header hdr: value with the response . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  return a decorator that can be used to perform a beta window .
truth: return a window . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  return   a

test:  numpy implementation of the true if both values are w/in .
truth: performs true division . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  performs   null

test:  decorator that causes a function to run in the transaction .
truth: set the transaction isolation level to serializable and then delegate to transaction . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  set   set

test:  return the grains hash for the specified file .
truth: return a file hash . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  send s command .
truth: send command . 
test:  use   exception
truth:  command   command

test:  returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ .
truth: returns either or "/path/to/socket" from string_ . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the linear order differential equation for a multivariate order .
truth: the equations of this type of ode are . 
test:  null   chop
truth:  null   equations

test:  list all the currently decorated text .
truth: print this help . 
test:  text   prints
truth:  print   print

test:  lock/unlock a thread .
truth: mark/unmark a thread sticky . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   a

test:  return a storage plugin based on the plugins .
truth: find and load the storage plugin . 
test:  to   a
truth:  find   find

test:  resolves the argument to a numeric constant .
truth: like resolve_cert_reqs . 
test:  resolve   resolves
truth:  like   like

test:  returns the region code that contribute to the given number of region that is available for twice .
truth: returns the region where a phone number is from . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return request-host .
truth: return request-host . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  provide rule for a job with script_ .
truth: profiling performance of temporalpooler using the python cprofile module and ordered by cumulative time . 
test:  build   a
truth:  profiling   performance

test:  quote a sequence of love as nt .
truth: quote a command line argument according to windows parsing rules . 
test:  return   quote
truth:  null   a

test:  creates a traffic report for the given month .
truth: return a report of subreddit traffic in the last full month . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  make the given directory if it does not already exist .
truth: make a directory if it does not already exist . 
test:  create   null
truth:  make   a

test:  parse an address in a packed document .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   binary
truth:  null   binary

test:  return a list of supplied keys for a parametrized .
truth: return list of keys for all parametrized arguments which match the specified scope . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  tell whether an atom has been atom .
truth: parse an atom document . 
test:  ignore   implementation
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a task_name: object that is a wrong 754 .
truth: retrieve a db model based on the resource reference . 
test:  returns   reference
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  a function to multiple data for a given type .
truth: validate and return a converted value for option of type choice . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  list the currently installed packages as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} external dependencies:: virtual package resolution requires aptitude .
truth: list the packages currently installed as a dict:: {<package_name>: <version>} cli example: . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns a properly formatted response body with the specified parameters .
truth: returns a properly formatted response body according to format . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete specific document .
truth: delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   data
truth:  delete   one

test:  returns a driver function that returns a sequence of |string| .
truth: return a driver function that can advance a sequence of linear values . 
test:  null   character
truth:  return   a

test:  check if the database has been reached .
truth: drain and restart nodes . 
test:  launches   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a string containing all the elements in text .
truth: return a reversed string cli example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   a

test:  trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of fvwi numbers .
truth: trailing byte sequences for indexing consists of series of fvwi numbers . 
test:  byte   decode
truth:  byte   byte

test:  get the logging configuration with the given cluster .
truth: configure flocker-control . 
test:  configure   module
truth:  configure   configure

test:  formats the arg according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  basic flip that chooses request headers .
truth: common handler executed after all flask requests . 
test:  assigns   checks
truth:  null   handler

test:  get elementnodeobject .
truth: get xmlelementobject . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type .
truth: take an ip string/int and return an object of the correct type . 
test:  take   null
truth:  take   null

test:  builds a list of group counts for the given user .
truth: strips out most of the logic from calculate_group_scores algorithm and just returns raw counts for each group . 
test:  coefficients   null
truth:  strips   strips

test:  return the timestamp of a given timestamp .
truth: returns a serializable utc timestamp . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  given a route name .
truth: deletes a route . 
test:  given   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  return all exercises that the user is completed for the user .
truth: return a list of all completed exercises by user . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a typicalmemoryerror instance for this method .
truth: return a new application with a name and image corresponding to the mongodb tutorial example: url . 
test:  return   parses
truth:  return   a

test:  return a function used to generate arbitrary arbitrary string .
truth: decorator for whitelisting a function and making it accessible via http . 
test:  null   server
truth:  null   decorator

test:  same as a << b .
truth: same as a << b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk mainloop .
truth: configure the twisted mainloop to be run inside the gtk3+ mainloop . 
test:  configure   configure
truth:  configure   configure

test:  create a network security group .
truth: create a network security_rule . 
test:  create   show
truth:  create   a

test:  x11 x11 groups for array x given lag .
truth: assumes sorted by time . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  sorted   null

test:  patches a mock function that returns a dropboxclient .
truth: patches a function that returns a boxclient . 
test:  patches   a
truth:  patches   a

test:  get a list of the views of the provided resource .
truth: return the list of resource views for a particular resource . 
test:  return   up
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the ppcc from a [start [start .
truth: calculate the shape parameter that maximizes the ppcc the probability plot correlation coefficient plot can be used to determine the optimal shape parameter for a one-parameter family of distributions . 
test:  accepts   return
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  returns the organizations api specified by organizations .
truth: client api operation adapter/wrapper . 
test:  boolean   set
truth:  null   api

test:  converts all newlines in an html tree into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   line
truth:  converts   urls

test:  makes a projection .
truth: reorder coordinates so that 2d xs . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  parse the json-encoded output .
truth: output parameter names and values to the log file . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  output   parameter

test:  a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting .
truth: a function for populating a :class:fontkey instance by extracting information from the afm font file . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  return the path for the relative path file or directory with the given key key file name .
truth: helper to get a dataset path . 
test:  return   get
truth:  to   helper

test:  use 4 spaces per indentation level .
truth: use 4 spaces per indentation level . 
test:  imports   return
truth:  use   use

test:  decodes a search artist .
truth: input either an artist and album or artist and track name for manual search . 
test:  given   find
truth:  input   input

test:  loads the mongo configuration file .
truth: init an instance of the enforcer class . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  init   init

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes are made aware of the given timezone . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  gets the inner objects of the managed object specified .
truth: gets the list of inner objects of the type specified . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  all hwaddr interfaces .
truth: provide a dict of the connected interfaces and their hw addresses . 
test:  interfaces   a
truth:  provide   a

test:  a view decorator that raises a permission with the specified permission .
truth: a decorator meant to wrap post pecan rest controller methods this decorator assumes the first argument passed to the decorated function is a resource api object . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  get the outline from the paths .
truth: get the outline from the paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  see :meth: .
truth: converts a value for a power . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  should be removed by the appropriate version .
truth: removes some duplicate version models that may have crept into the database and will prevent the unique index being added by migration 0004 . 
test:  remove   detach
truth:  removes   null

test:  write graph as a list of edges .
truth: write a bipartite graph as a list of edges . 
test:  write   graph
truth:  write   a

test:  enable or disable fullscreen fullscreen .
truth: enable or disable fullscreen . 
test:  set   sets
truth:  enable   enable

test:  reload the page .
truth: reload routes . 
test:  null   current
truth:  routes   routes

test:  optionally optionally calendar from a movie file .
truth: writes a movie out of the frames in a folder . 
test:  output   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  calculate the expected estimate of the unwinding is a multivariate multivariate distribution parameters obs : reference .
truth: loglike multivariate normal assumes x is 1d . 
test:  project   attempts
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: divide one linear operator by another . 
test:  null   null
truth:  divide   one

test:  for the given network .
truth: return the predict results of given non time-series network . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a new partition sequence .
truth: partition a bag along a grouper . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   a

test:  remove a file .
truth: remove a file or a directory similarly to running rm -rf <name> in a unix shell . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  parameterize quadratic function for bounds .
truth: compute values of a quadratic function arising in least squares . 
test:  evaluate   a
truth:  compute   values

test:  create checked field .
truth: create checked pvector field . 
test:  config   a
truth:  checked   create

test:  joins a list with string .
truth: join lists contained as elements in the series/index with passed delimiter . 
test:  join   a
truth:  lists   lists

test:  convert obj to encodable .
truth: this makes an extra effort to return a string which can be url-encoded from an object that can be one of: * byte-string * unicode * datatoken and in all cases it might have invalid encoding . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  makes   null

test:  creates a default help help with a <windows-package-manager> character .
truth: return a condensed version of help string . 
test:  make   a
truth:  return   a

test:  vertical scharr on a masked array should be zero .
truth: scharr on a masked array should be zero . 
test:  scharr   scharr
truth:  scharr   scharr

test:  match all dhcp options lookup in the vpc connection .
truth: finds a dhcp options object that optionally matches the tags and options provided . 
test:  given   dhcp
truth:  finds   a

test:  kegg link to/from outside identifiers to/from outside a kegg object .
truth: kegg link - find related entries by using database cross-references . 
test:  link   conv
truth:  link   link

test:  update the local backend fileserver backend .
truth: update the fileserver cache . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  look for something with a list of strings .
truth: returns the first item in the list for which function is true . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  require a site server .
truth: require an nginx site . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  require   null

test:  calls the returned function with a random numbers .
truth: call a function specified by name . 
test:  call   a
truth:  call   a

test:  verify that a string is a valid path of a file path .
truth: verify that a string is a valid path to a file . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   null

test:  helper function to update the autoscaler policy .
truth: update an autoscaler . 
test:  update   data
truth:  update   update

test:  setup the app .
truth: setup this sphinx extension . 
test:  content   program
truth:  setup   setup

test:  test reading a table witn all rename data .
truth: test reading a table and renaming cols . 
test:  reading   reading
truth:  reading   reading

test:  adds a worker to the context object .
truth: this worker process manages taking output responses and tying them back to the future keyed on the initial transaction id . 
test:  complete   a
truth:  null   worker

test:  returns a list of disemvowels to display client classes .
truth: returns a list of client logs matching the specified client user id and start/end timestamps date range . 
test:  request   websocket
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a list of gpg keys .
truth: helper function for listing keys . 
test:  returns   list
truth:  function   function

test:  list all available formats .
truth: list the formats you can use in self . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  list   list

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  a simple example space after the leading space separated this function does not run .
truth: return number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  sample   line
truth:  return   number

test:  given the value .
truth: factory method to create a generation hash . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   method

test:  logs out user .
truth: log the user out . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  log   log

test:  read data from a lush file with int32 data .
truth: read data from a lush file with uint8 data . 
test:  read   data
truth:  read   data

test:  a flow of the necessary service .
truth: demonstration of the module . 
test:  null   print
truth:  null   demonstration

test:  stub to convert a field from a remote organisation to a bokeh organisation .
truth: test for s3migrate() . 
test:  generates   null
truth:  test   test

test:  creates a class for the given object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  create   create
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a dictionary of all the files in the master .
truth: utility to display the available icons . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   utility

test:  get the complex paths from the vector3 paths .
truth: get the vector3 paths from the complex paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a worker to the output thread .
truth: this worker process takes input requests . 
test:  take   a
truth:  null   worker

test:  print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved .
truth: print a friendly error message if the hostname could not be resolved . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  push a remote .
truth: push to remote repositories . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   push

test:  returns true if the forum has access to the course with this course_key .
truth: boolean operation which tests a users role-based permissions . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  boolean   operation

test:  returns information about the installed data for this process .
truth: get os name and version . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   os

test:  functional test specific @xfail 3 .
truth: functional test applicable to all pypubsub versions . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  disables backup files into directories .
truth: tars all snapshot files for a given snapshot name . 
test:  to   null
truth:  tars   null

test:  unpack items in a sequence .
truth: unpack sequence of length one . 
test:  unpack   null
truth:  unpack   sequence

test:  tests to ensure its easy to accept type wrapper as expected .
truth: tests to ensure its easy to custom the exception text using the accept wrapper . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  to   tests

test:  find all files under the given directory .
truth: main entry point . 
test:  call   run
truth:  null   entry

test:  return true if the url resolves to the given url .
truth: return true if the url is a safe redirection . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied .
truth: creates a port group on the host system with the vlan tags supplied . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  find the rendered capacity of a process .
truth: find a maximum single-commodity flow using the highest-label preflow-push algorithm . 
test:  time   a
truth:  find   a

test:  check the mac address to see if the mac address is a mac or a mac set of the parent files .
truth: on mac os x set relative paths to dynamic library dependencies of libname . 
test:  create   values
truth:  null   mac

test:  get the profile base file name synonym .
truth: get the profile base file name . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get all backups belonging to a topic .
truth: get all services for a given topic . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  remove a fixed ip from a server .
truth: remove an ip address from a server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns main version from version .
truth: returns main version from version . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns id and rate rate at least one rate of the rate is found on this stock .
truth: get incoming rate based on valuation method . 
test:  allows   get
truth:  incoming   get

test:  remove tags from a file .
truth: remove tags from a file . 
test:  remove   tags
truth:  remove   tags

test:  parses the plugin function for a ancient plugin .
truth: ancient stateless parser . 
test:  parse   parses
truth:  null   null

test:  renders the rendered avatar for a user .
truth: render the users avatar to html . 
test:  tag   null
truth:  render   render

test:  returns true if the current user matches the given command .
truth: match function copied from cd_mkdir . 
test:  command   command
truth:  function   function

test:  check that we need to do the functions back to the same time as it .
truth: expand the reader macro "char" with argument tree . 
test:  set   reader
truth:  expand   expand

test:  return osquery_info information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return os_version information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   version
truth:  return   return

test:  sends a user to the proxy device .
truth: fallback error-handler . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   fallback

test:  attach a role points to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach role point as json column to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   role

test:  fetches the first process of the given process .
truth: tracer -> int arguments: pid : pid of the process . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  null   null

test:  given a list of indices .
truth: hensons factor coding . 
test:  null   visit
truth:  null   factor

test:  add an element to vertexes .
truth: add vertex elements to an xml element . 
test:  add   fit
truth:  add   vertex

test:  make a new sensor .
truth: callback for picked channel in plot_sensors . 
test:  attribute   a
truth:  callback   callback

test:  check that the absolute error is a measurement for root .
truth: check that the metric normalized mean absolute error . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the replacement in string by the replacement repl .
truth: return the string obtained by replacing the leftmost non-overlapping occurrences of the pattern in string by the replacement repl . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set logging level for all loggers .
truth: set a log level for all the loggers and handlers to the provided level . 
test:  set   remove
truth:  set   a

test:  sets a logging .
truth: sets the raw input mode for the linux terminal . 
test:  sets   file
truth:  sets   sets

test:  takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent .
truth: takes a phone number and converts it in to its numerical equivalent . 
test:  string   null
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info .
truth: get the beginning of the string representation of this boolean geometry object info . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  check to see if an instance profile exists .
truth: check to see if an instance profile exists . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  returns the length of a phone number .
truth: return length of the national destination code code for a number . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   length

test:  delete config .
truth: delete one or more config lines to the switch running config . 
test:  deletes   null
truth:  delete   one

test:  setup the difference binary sensor .
truth: setup the efergy sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for posix systems .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  simple sequences for the provided document .
truth: force-refresh cached json data after rendering . 
test:  replace   attempt
truth:  cached   null

test:  solves liouville order differential equations .
truth: solves 2nd order liouville differential equations . 
test:  solves   null
truth:  solves   null

test:  parse a single rule file .
truth: parse a rule and return it as generator . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns put data .
truth: returns put data . 
test:  get   data
truth:  put   put

test:  perform a list of nodes in the nodes of the target list .
truth: insert new_nodes before the given target location in the tree . 
test:  text   a
truth:  insert   insert

test:  validates the tunnel of the tunnel configuration .
truth: verify local ip and tunnel config if tunneling is enabled . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  verify   null

test:  returns a new theano matrix .
truth: returns a new theano matrix . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  remove ips of the given process .
truth: remove added ip on loopback interface . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  added   remove

test:  returns a quote formatted quote from a nick .
truth: returns a formatted quote from a nick in a channel . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the given groups public activity stream .
truth: return the given users dashboard activity stream . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  assert that the list found in the list found and the finder .
truth: require git version >= version . 
test:  initialise   null
truth:  git   git

test:  raise exception if called to the given failure is raised .
truth: self documenting step that indicates some reason . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   self

test:  return the virt type .
truth: returns the virtual machine type as a string cli example: . 
test:  returns   rules
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if id is a valid id .
truth: returns true if *id* is a valid xml id . 
test:  check   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  datetime object to take a datetime object from a relative time .
truth: turn a datetime object into an iso8601 formatted date . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  turn   a

test:  decorator that returns a tagged of a function .
truth: attaches a tagged value to an interface at definition time . 
test:  find   messages
truth:  attaches   a

test:  adds a recent data on the datastore .
truth: add the body of a tile to _recent_tiles with a timeout . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: return a list of salt queues on the backend cli example: . 
test:  installed   call
truth:  return   a

test:  get a flask-security signature .
truth: decode the signature data and returns the signature . 
test:  instantiate   return
truth:  decode   decode

test:  returns the directory of the application root .
truth: returns weblate root dir . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  weblate   returns

test:  get geometry output directory path .
truth: get the geometry_utilities directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a generator of nodes for a sequence of combinations .
truth: returns all possible skipgrams generated from a sequence of items . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a tuple .
truth: returns a randomly generated paragraph of lorem ipsum text . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the object has documented permissions for the given object .
truth: checks if the current user has permission_codename permissions . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  decorator for caching functions which receive a method with this to create create a cache if an instance already satisfied .
truth: method decorator for caching method calls to a single instance . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given two strings and a common elements .
truth: find a common parent for 2 elements . 
test:  given   find
truth:  find   a

test:  theano utilization .
truth: returns the point at the given fraction between a and b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  consume all the topics for this project .
truth: consume entire iterator . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  consume   entire

test:  idlist : idlist expr le expr varargslist expr le expr le expr ruleitem | idlist expr le expr le expr expr | expr ne expr | expr le expr |
truth: idlist : idlist optcomma tokenid | tokenid . 
test:  null   rulelist
truth:  null   null

test:  testing testing should not cause a step snippets .
truth: testing that the proposed snippet is clever enough normalize method names even with latin accents . 
test:  null   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  a view that can be visited by the post .
truth: simple health check endpoint . 
test:  add   in
truth:  null   health

test:  generate simple sequences of sequences for countgraph .
truth: generate a simple dataset . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   a

test:  splits functions into new-style dicts .
truth: a decorator that asserts that the decorated function raises dictization_functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the file path to retrieve the bytes .
truth: returns file path from given file name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  file   file

test:  n2 -> string return a right-justified version of data .
truth: return spaces for none . 
test:  text   null
truth:  spaces   spaces

test:  returns all tests in the specified directory .
truth: return a path to the "tests" directory . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  change virtual url to unsafe strings .
truth: extracts identificators name from its safe sql representation . 
test:  perform   returns
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns a list of products for a user .
truth: restrict the queryset to products the given user has access to . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  restrict   null

test:  set a function as a decorator .
truth: decorator factory for setting attributes on a function . 
test:  leading   null
truth:  null   factory

test:  given a template name .
truth: given a list of template names . 
test:  to   a
truth:  given   a

test:  this will updates the users redemption redemption for any state change cart matching zones to this user .
truth: this method reset the code redemption from user cart items . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  null   method

test:  sends yaml .
truth: send a test email from loaded yaml . 
test:  send   data
truth:  send   a

test:  decorator to ensure that transform_matrix_offset_center is normalization on the layer .
truth: decorator for composable network layers . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a conditional string .
truth: a key mangler that mangles if the length of the key is past a certain threshold . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   key

test:  parse the snmp snmp parameters .
truth: check the return value of snmp operations . 
test:  parse   function
truth:  check   check

test:  test that ndarray can be consistent with a correct __wrapped__ that is the correct column implementation .
truth: checks producing and consuming of erfa c structs . 
test:  test   test
truth:  producing   checks

test:  given an object .
truth: decode type name of the data field of an eface or iface struct . 
test:  null   style
truth:  decode   type

test:  decorator to create a task class out of a task .
truth: decorator that adds the wrapped task to the queue on g if celery is enabled . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  install a numpy implementation .
truth: docstring for install_numpy . 
test:  docstring   a
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  construct the clipping polynomial for the poly polynomial .
truth: construct lagrange interpolating polynomial for n data points . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  construct   lagrange

test:  check quotas and create appropriate reservations .
truth: check quotas and create appropriate reservations . 
test:  check   quotas
truth:  check   quotas

test:  display all possible values for callback .
truth: print all possible values for the formats option . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  converts a string into titlecase .
truth: converts a string into titlecase . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  create a database manager .
truth: create a database context manager object . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   a

test:  provides a list of exception data frames .
truth: removes various excess metadata from middle frames which go beyond frame_allowance . 
test:  exception   transforms
truth:  removes   null

test:  return a new map with an duplicates .
truth: extend window by 1 sample if needed for dft-even symmetry . 
test:  return   partitions
truth:  extend   window

test:  get the loops for the given loops .
truth: get the front of the loops . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  a decorator that ensures the specified target_id exists .
truth: a decorator that raises an exception if the specified target is busy . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  claim worker for specific cleanup .
truth: soft delete a worker . 
test:  count   calculate
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if influxdb lib is installed .
truth: only load this module if smtplib is available on this minion . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  prints an episode .
truth: print a bold text . 
test:  print   text
truth:  print   a

test:  create a new .
truth: build a wheel . 
test:  returns   commit
truth:  build   a

test:  updates the portage database .
truth: updates the package list - true: database updated successfully - false: problem updating database cli example: . 
test:  shows   run
truth:  updates   updates

test:  scenarios should extract the inline comments for :meth:~elasticsearch this scenario uses a scenario and then make sure that dont consider them .
truth: scenarios can have steps with inline comments . 
test:  null   scenarios
truth:  null   scenarios

test:  knowledge base files .
truth: index_files page: displays all files . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  split folders into two datasets .
truth: split a path into components . 
test:  splits   f
truth:  split   a

test:  takes a timestamp and returns a datetime object .
truth: formats a timestamp in the format used by http . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  build a qwebpage logs .
truth: make strings for msgprint and errprint . 
test:  mock   load
truth:  make   strings

test:  request an existing incoming execution execution of an existing users request .
truth: request cancellation of an action execution . 
test:  sign   waits
truth:  request   request

test:  build an exception object from an error stanza .
truth: build an exception object from an error stanza . 
test:  returns   build
truth:  build   build

test:  run all tests in a cluster .
truth: run the acceptance tests . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  run   run

test:  manage the users home directory .
truth: rewrites the user according to the augmentation class . 
test:  apply   null
truth:  rewrites   null

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: rest controller for options . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   controller

test:  tests revision gets set revision revision .
truth: tests revision is incremented when units change . 
test:  tests   tests
truth:  tests   revision

test:  return the specified record for testing .
truth: determine which nupic configuration file is being used and returns the name of the configuration file it is using . 
test:  function   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  a simple sample sample of the sample sample .
truth: main fucntion for the sample . 
test:  function   function
truth:  null   null

test:  restore a new dictionary with the type for a camera .
truth: unwinds a flattened dict to restore nesting . 
test:  scan   copies
truth:  null   a

test:  puts() should print unicode output without a shell .
truth: run unittest in local . 
test:  test   a
truth:  run   unittest

test:  clone a new object into a structure .
truth: clone the given expression structure . 
test:  clone   null
truth:  clone   clone

test:  generate the theme .
truth: generate both header and footer images for a given theme . 
test:  generate   base
truth:  generate   generate

test:  connect : newline | newline .
truth: file_input_end : file_input endmarker . 
test:  null   suite
truth:  null   null

test:  restful crud controller for the channel .
truth: restful crud controller for tropo channels - appears in the administration menu . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  location is an image on distribution .
truth: get the site-packages location of this distribution . 
test:  convert   distribution
truth:  get   get

test:  copy data from one storage to another .
truth: copy structure from *src* to *dst* with replacement from *repl* . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  copy   structure

test:  like :func:pbkdf2_bin .
truth: like :func:pbkdf2_bin but returns a hex encoded string . 
test:  function   a
truth:  like   like

test:  duplicate each entry point to be the inputed list of law values .
truth: evaluates the fitness and return the error on the price and the time taken by the order if the chef can cook everything in parallel . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  run flocker-volume .
truth: read the tf . 
test:  render   read
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieve reject section 9 .
truth: retrieve reject section 9 . 
test:  retrieve   op
truth:  reject   reject

test:  parses the iso 8601 date and returns a formatted string with all the delimiter in the delimiter and time .
truth: return a unix timestamp from the given date . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  return   a

test:  check if hadoop is available .
truth: only load this module if the gluster command exists . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  load   load

test:  return a tuple .
truth: returns a unique valid username . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws opsworks service .
truth: get all available regions for the amazon opsworks service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir .
truth: set up a reasonably sensible default for pybasedir . 
test:  set   up
truth:  set   up

test:  squeeze an axes to a 2d array .
truth: return shape and axes with single-dimensional entries removed . 
test:  password   a
truth:  return   shape

test:  this block with the document .
truth: removes all unreferenced elements except for <svg> . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  compute the linear kernel between x and y .
truth: compute the linear kernel between x and y . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  start a service .
truth: detect which init program is being used . 
test:  create   a
truth:  detect   null

test:  given a shell .
truth: compute the maximum violation of kkt conditions . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  alias for true .
truth: always say the process is threadable . 
test:  command   return
truth:  null   null

test:  get the configured ip interface .
truth: ports interfaces optional parameters . 
test:  null   type
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  flat cdf for the predefined distribution .
truth: compute the infinite medium potential in all 3 directions . 
test:  compute   add
truth:  compute   compute

test:  compute the rayleigh range from an imagenet .
truth: calculate the waist from the rayleigh range of a gaussian beam . 
test:  convert   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert markdown value of markdown fields to markdown .
truth: convert text field values to markdown if necessary . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  text   text

test:  put one value to an addrequest followed by a specific one .
truth: resets the driver and closes all open handles . 
test:  header   multiply
truth:  resets   null

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for nt .
truth: initialize the module as appropriate for nt . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  returns true if the function is monotonic .
truth: returns if a function is monotonic or not . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  if   returns

test:  takes a list of tuples .
truth: block until semaphore gets back to its original state . 
test:  walk   implementation
truth:  block   block

test:  check satisfiability of d0 .
truth: writes a simcoal2 loci template part . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  check that a master maps to a new altaz distance from a revision .
truth: check that astropy gives consistent results with the jpl horizons example . 
test:  test   object
truth:  check   check

test:  calculate the rectified covariance bogus function at given axis .
truth: return x minus its mean along the specified axis . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   x

test:  print a block .
truth: wrapper to close an xml tag . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  updates the supplied course urls for a course with a set of urls that will never be used with a single html for private/secret .
truth: updates the supplied module with a new get_html function that wraps the old get_html function and substitutes urls of the form /course/ . 
test:  returns   replaces
truth:  updates   updates

test:  find and return vera covers .
truth: perform the setup for vera controller devices . 
test:  setup   find
truth:  perform   null

test:  push a quad word onto the current block stack .
truth: push a word onto the current block stack . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  check a time .
truth: test precision with multiply and divide . 
test:  parsing   check
truth:  test   precision

test:  get a default column value for a given column .
truth: return the default value of the columns from db table in postgredb case . 
test:  get   value
truth:  return   return

test:  available roles .
truth: get roles that the username is assigned from switch . 
test:  get   roles
truth:  get   roles

test:  get the outline nodes from the loop .
truth: get the loops if fill is on . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  flatten a root into a root dictionary .
truth: helper function that flattens a dictionary into the target dictionary . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a formatted version string from document versions .
truth: resolve latest version . 
test:  builds   null
truth:  resolve   null

test:  a function to find a screenshot in a screenshot .
truth: displays a screenshot . 
test:  null   a
truth:  displays   a

test:  attempts to add an interval to a time base directory .
truth: parse the time specified time interval . 
test:  time   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a list of valid child elements of the given memcache .
truth: retrieve cached kind sizes from last datastore stats call . 
test:  function   frequency
truth:  cached   null

test:  update the en/lc_messages/django .
truth: update the en/lc_messages/django . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  convert a user user name to a uid object .
truth: convert user name to a uid cli example: . 
test:  convert   user
truth:  convert   user

test:  return an absolute url for a url .
truth: returns the full url given a partial path . 
test:  null   media
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a snapshot entry from the values dictionary .
truth: create a snapshot from the values dictionary . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  hide hide information from server .
truth: takes an xkcd entry id and returns a formatted string . 
test:  updates   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  load a python data structure into a python object .
truth: load data saved as python code and interpret that code . 
test:  load   filename
truth:  load   data

test:  iterates over data in data separated format separated by a given language .
truth: an iterator returning qrdata chunks optimized to the data content . 
test:  perform   null
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  retrieves the manifest version of a stack .
truth: get stack version where stack_dir points to root directory of stack . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  stack   stack

test:  guess the id of the given method .
truth: decorate method to make it callable in both traditional and record styles . 
test:  to   a
truth:  decorate   method

test:  restore an existing configuration item from the database .
truth: sets non-plugin specific values in config from renewalparams . 
test:  restores   snapshot
truth:  sets   sets

test:  creates a directory at path .
truth: make worker base directory if needed . 
test:  sets   up
truth:  make   worker

test:  private function used by its arguments .
truth: substitute a single enum keyword argument . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  substitute   a

test:  set the current document for a symbolic document .
truth: evaluate some calculation . 
test:  null   retry
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  parses the policy from a string and returns a corresponding analyzers object .
truth: helper function to determine if input_str contains a course_id . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  function   function

test:  show the script usage .
truth: test script_usage examples when test data is present in test_data_dir returns a result summary string and a boolean indicating whether there were any errors or failures while running the commands . 
test:  execute   package
truth:  test   test

test:  import a library library name .
truth: load a library object from a template tag module . 
test:  imports   validate
truth:  load   a

test:  simplified tag should not change tag for a "{}"' tag .
truth: linkcolumn should support both <td> and <a> attrs . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   linkcolumn

test:  convert a python source code to a file .
truth: convert code object to a . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  code   code

test:  loads an image file and returns its entity as a numpy .
truth: seed the prng with data from a file . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  null   seed

test:  return a list of partitions for the confirm .
truth: return array of partition names for given disk . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  array   array

test:  this fixes a geoip expression for extensions that can take a occurrences of the size .
truth: fix size so it conforms to the size policy and the given size hint . 
test:  kludge   null
truth:  fix   size

test:  generator for reproducible bgzf .
truth: low level debugging function to inspect bgzf blocks . 
test:  find   null
truth:  null   level

test:  convert value < 100 to english .
truth: convert a value < 100 to french . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  retrieve the full install path for the provided mod .
truth: gets a module name . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   a

test:  returns a list of sitelinks for a given campaign .
truth: creates the extension setting for a list of feed items . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  probability for coefficients of base_path and probability distribution parameters tails : float .
truth: calculate probability from t distribution paramaters t : float value of t statistic tails : str one of low . 
test:  given   probability
truth:  calculate   probability

test:  return a list of all sparse matrices .
truth: flatten a ttfdict to all the filenames it contains . 
test:  is   null
truth:  flatten   a

test:  join specification .
truth: get the location of the server subpackage . 
test:  join   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return the shortest path between source and target ignoring nodes and target .
truth: return a list of nodes in a shortest path between source and target . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  restart the returning and the feature .
truth: restart the traffic_manager and traffic_server processes on the local node . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  return the conditional_expression for a sequenceexample .
truth: multi-block local binary pattern . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   null

test:  remove packages using pkg_delete(1) name the name of the package to be deleted .
truth: remove a package and all its dependencies which are not in use by other packages . 
test:  name   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  include a file by emulating the include statement and include the listed uri .
truth: locate the template from the given uri and include it in the current output . 
test:  called   a
truth:  locate   null

test:  tests if the url belongs to a correct url .
truth: verify is_repo_url works . 
test:  test   return
truth:  verify   null

test:  itemtype add .
truth: item add with preselected type . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  returns a type string from the token token as passed in .
truth: tokens for the arg-prompt . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  render a string .
truth: pretty print a list of text tokens . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  print   print

test:  request object information directly from the container server .
truth: request container information directly from the container server . 
test:  object   object
truth:  request   container

test:  trims all systems in a dictionary .
truth: eliminates any reads below a certain threshold . 
test:  trim   null
truth:  eliminates   null

test:  create a function with the supplied arguments .
truth: dynamically creates a function that when called with dictionary of arguments will produce a kwarg thats compatible with the supplied function . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  creates   null

test:  adds the atomic group to the given object .
truth: add atomic group . 
test:  add   null
truth:  add   atomic

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: enables learning in the cla models temporal pooler see also clamodelcontroldisabletplearningcb . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  enables   learning

test:  check whether matplotlib objects are available .
truth: output three times the same graphs and checks that the outputs are exactly the same . 
test:  test   null
truth:  output   output

test:  features should run a feature with scenarios .
truth: tags applied to features are inherited by scenarios . 
test:  null   features
truth:  applied   tags

test:  send packets at layer 3 and return only the first answer nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send packets at layer 3 send -> none . 
test:  send   packets
truth:  send   packets

test:  apply a rule down a tree running it on the top nodes first .
truth: apply a rule down a tree - stop on success . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  function to write a command to a specific command .
truth: send command to debbuger . 
test:  default   null
truth:  command   command

test:  return a random list of items with probability bits .
truth: create a series of random distribution information . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  delete a resource from the hub .
truth: delete the resource_instance . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  return a server object .
truth: try to initiate a connection to a host using an ip address and a port . 
test:  function   a
truth:  to   try

test:  changes the state of the vm to be attached with the state .
truth: correctly set the power status for a vm determined by the current and requested states . 
test:  null   power
truth:  set   set

test:  useful to update an existing trace .
truth: will update an existing trace or add a new trace . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  retrieve a comment callback to a thread .
truth: get a callback function that will return a comment containing the given data plus necessary dummy data . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   a

test:  generate the path based on the given webpack .
truth: mako filter that resolves a human-readable asset path to its name on disk . 
test:  to   tests
truth:  filter   filter

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  display the usage of the current view .
truth: print a usage message on the rich text view . 
test:  displays   message
truth:  print   a

test:  returns a random integer .
truth: returns a random item from the list . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  execute a command using the specified process .
truth: runs command and returns stdout . 
test:  call   a
truth:  command   command

test:  converts a config object with valid json .
truth: takes the configuration in json format and converts it to a dictionary . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  takes   null

test:  converts newlines into <p> and <br />s .
truth: converts newlines into <p> and <br />s . 
test:  newlines   newlines
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  parses a mime-type into its component parts .
truth: carves up a mime-type and returns a tuple of the where params is a dictionary of all the parameters for the media range . 
test:  is   a
truth:  carves   up

test:  display a returner .
truth: print the return data to the terminal to verify functionality . 
test:  runs   return
truth:  print   print

test:  makes pseudo .
truth: discard the object descriptor p . 
test:  choose   test
truth:  discard   null

test:  creates a bastion instance with its file name .
truth: remove " . 
test:  name   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check to see if a stream exists .
truth: check if the stream exists . 
test:  use   check
truth:  if   check

test:  run the api test suite .
truth: run the api test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  get print format for print format from doc .
truth: returns print format document . 
test:  prints   attempt
truth:  print   print

test:  return information about the release for a certain file .
truth: return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for the information items from the os-release file data source of the current linux distribution . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  verify a certificate signature .
truth: verify the webhook signature from travisci signature the signature header from the webhook header body the full payload body from the webhook post . 
test:  verify   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  run interactive command if it doesnt exist .
truth: open the files in targets by execing a new command . 
test:  input   handles
truth:  open   open

test:  only load if the influxdb module is available .
truth: only load if the influxdb module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  return a list of the vms that are on the provider .
truth: return a list of the vms that are on the provider . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  takes a regexp and returns a regexp .
truth: this function takes a string and returns either this string or a python regexp object . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  gets the currently active connection .
truth: returns the current redis connection . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  construct a version header for a header header with v2 .
truth: construct a version 2 ipv4 header with custom bytes . 
test:  string   a
truth:  construct   a

test:  formats data to servers using the format .
truth: return the formatted outputter string for the passed data . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  split a packet into parts: tokens .
truth: given a string and an iterable of delimiters . 
test:  split   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return a list of all urls found in home directory .
truth: given a json home document . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  event: add to disk .
truth: sync modified file data and metadata to disk . 
test:  show   a
truth:  modified   sync

test:  index of lowest value over a specified period .
truth: weighted moving average . 
test:  null   null
truth:  moving   null

test:  adds a add entry to the basket product of a basket and create a basket .
truth: handle adding a complex variable product into the basket by resolving the combination variables . 
test:  to   add
truth:  adding   handle

test:  raise skiptemplate if url is invalid .
truth: check if the given qurl is invalid . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  if   check

test:  like make_wrappable() but takes a single file .
truth: extract documentation comment lines and return them as a list of lines . 
test:  to   a
truth:  extract   documentation

test:  decode a file with outpath .
truth: decode creates a decoded file from an applesingle encoded file . 
test:  decode   decode
truth:  creates   decode

test:  converts unicode strings to mbcs .
truth: converts unicode to to current users character encoding . 
test:  utf-8   in
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  return the radius of the graph g .
truth: return the radius of the graph g . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  update the courses ccxcon for the course .
truth: pass through function to update course information on ccxcon . 
test:  update   up
truth:  pass   pass

test:  return the connection .
truth: return connection capabilities its a huge klutz to parse right . 
test:  chunks   a
truth:  return   connection

test:  retrieve last cpu cpu statistics .
truth: get the light weight process used cpus . 
test:  return   return
truth:  get   get

test:  args: sortable : centralized for a module .
truth: declare interfaces provided directly by a class this function is called in a class definition . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  interfaces   interfaces

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  create composite images using d-bus transform .
truth: create composite using transparency mask . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   create

test:  expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected assignment_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   assignment_only_unlimited_args
truth:  expected   null

test:  calculates a multi-dimensional rank filter .
truth: calculates a multi-dimensional percentile filter . 
test:  calculate   a
truth:  calculates   a

test:  evaluates the ceiling of an interval .
truth: evaluates the inverse hyperbolic tangent of an interval . 
test:  evaluates   null
truth:  evaluates   null

test:  selection_statement : if lparen expression rparen statement else statement .
truth: selection_statement : switch lparen expression rparen statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  creates a new port for an fildlist .
truth: creates on bridge a new port named port . 
test:  port   password
truth:  creates   null

test:  redirect to a given url while setting the chosen language code or session depending on the session cookie .
truth: process requests to set language . 
test:  adds   sets
truth:  requests   requests

test:  return the quantum quantum id for this shell .
truth: generate a new meas_id dict . 
test:  generates   name
truth:  generate   a

test:  marks a view function as exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from csrf view protection . 
test:  marks   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  remove invalid values .
truth: remove all chars in repl from string . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a descriptor .
truth: returns a property that fetches the given attribute from the first item in a searchio container object . 
test:  function   characters
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a aware integer showing the set of fields .
truth: creates a list of "cleaned" headers which spreadsheets accept . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate a google storage file path .
truth: validate a google cloud storage file path . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  validate   a

test:  removes the unicode encoding from the xml definition .
truth: attempts to remove the "encoding=unicode" from an xml file as lxml does not support that on a windows node currently see issue #38100 . 
test:  xml   remove
truth:  to   attempts

test:  generate sentry for sentry .
truth: generate a new cryptographically secure secret key value . 
test:  null   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a queue with the waited .
truth: return true if queues empty or non-existent . 
test:  providing   manager
truth:  return   return

test:  parse a string containing a job into a numpy html file .
truth: pull from running job from job tracker html as floats . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  pull   pull

test:  declaration_specifiers : declaration_specifiers declaration_specifiers semi .
truth: declaration_specifiers : type_specifier declaration_specifiers . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   declaration_specifiers

test:  close a underlying port for the current thread .
truth: close the serial port were using to communicate with the zigbee . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  simple sequences for hl0b .
truth: two very simple high order sequences for debugging . 
test:  null   network
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a unicode object to utf-8 encoded using utf-8 .
truth: decode from utf8 to python unicode string . 
test:  required   decode
truth:  decode   decode

test:  get invalid information cli example: .
truth: get the version information about docker . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  get all block belonging to the instance .
truth: get all block device mapping belonging to a list of instances . 
test:  count   get
truth:  get   get

test:  create a managed instance group .
truth: create a new managed instance group . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  returns a string representing a time difference between 0 and 255 .
truth: template filter for readable formatting of datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  filter   filter

test:  called when the sigterm handler is a sigterm .
truth: a :mod:signal handler which will exit the program on signal . 
test:  sets   run
truth:  null   a

test:  puts thread to sleep .
truth: puts thread to sleep . 
test:  thread   thread
truth:  thread   thread

test:  stops service via daemontools cli example: .
truth: reload service name the services name cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   service

test:  determines whether a surrounded directory is installed .
truth: return true if module exists . 
test:  returns   response
truth:  return   return

test:  only load if buildout libs are present .
truth: provides vmadm runner . 
test:  return   return
truth:  provides   null

test:  it computes the lu decomposition of a matrix and returns l .
truth: solves a system of equations using cholesky decomposition given a matrix of coefficients . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  sets the random states .
truth: sets fixed random_state parameters for an estimator finds all parameters ending random_state and sets them to integers derived from random_state . 
test:  draw   a
truth:  fixed   sets

test:  factory to create a decorator .
truth: wraps a test decorator so as to properly replicate metadata of the decorated function . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  wraps   a

test:  read 3-byte ints from an open binary file object .
truth: read 3 bytes and adjust . 
test:  read   translate
truth:  read   read

test:  remove all elements of an text .
truth: remove all elements and subelements with no text and no child elements . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns the utility modules .
truth: returns the tops modules . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  frequency view .
truth: render an l{iresource} using a particular l{irequest} . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   render

test:  check if a repository that automatically write a repository if the system is write .
truth: checks that the remote repository directory is writable :type repo: string . 
test:  write   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  tokenid : id | qliteral | expr le expr | expr le expr | expr ge expr | expr | expr | expr ne expr | expr le expr |
truth: tokenid : id | id number | qliteral | qliteral number . 
test:  null   relexpr
truth:  null   null

test:  divide all pixel values above a square n pixel .
truth: reduce the number of bits for each color channel . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  reduce   null

test:  return a context manager that temporarily sets the python xml element .
truth: returns an iterator over the elements of an xml file . 
test:  context   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that makes a view with author allow allow author .
truth: call the view function with an addon instead of a guid . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  call   call

test:  marks a view function after a view .
truth: run a function after the view has finished loading . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load this module if right version of sleekxmpp is installed on this minion . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   load

test:  a docstring .
truth: a docstring . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  this function is or a github github process .
truth: wrapped up as a sphinx extension . 
test:  listen   manager
truth:  wrapped   up

test:  returns a list of power types which multidimensional multidimensional .
truth: get possible power management types @return list possible power management types . 
test:  value   a
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a few cli example: .
truth: dispach cli action . 
test:  modify   options
truth:  null   cli

test:  convert the sympy or superlative to a scalar .
truth: convert from a sympy scalar to a python scalar . 
test:  returns   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  check if the given path was exported .
truth: check that the bokehjs/node_modules directory exists . 
test:  show   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test mne analyze .
truth: test mne_analyze_colormap . 
test:  test   mne
truth:  test   test

test:  find the sr reference from the vbd reference .
truth: find the sr reference from the vbd reference . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  returns a list of all interfaces interfaces .
truth: gives a list of enabled interfaces . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gives   a

test:  return a call for this api .
truth: execute a json-rpc call on the given url . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  execute   a

test:  returns a dictionary mapping the discussion settings for a course .
truth: generate a json-serializable model for course settings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  calendar chunks of the units or a role with its units .
truth: return time units for levels in the hierarchy . 
test:  returns   val
truth:  time   time

test:  returns a difference between two tuples that appear as a color returns a color returns a color that returns the lowcolor[ if the average is a color of the average
truth: splits a low and high color into a list of n_colors colors in it accepts two color tuples and returns a list of n_colors colors which form the intermediate colors between lowcolor and highcolor from linearly interpolating through rgb space . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  returns whether a eigenvalues is assumed to be used as a 2-d transform .
truth: return true if two matrices perform same transformation . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  sends amazon route 53 53 :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to amazon route 53 domains :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the dot product of a linear or a dictionary of the end of shape with the return the specified shape .
truth: compute dot . 
test:  return   function
truth:  compute   dot

test:  prints links to n .
truth: redirect to first links page . 
test:  null   like
truth:  to   redirect

test:  create the authentication instance associated with the given library .
truth: return info about available libraries . 
test:  point   rfc
truth:  return   info

test:  return a setuptools version of a setuptools .
truth: download distribute from a specified location and return its filename version should be a valid distribute version number that is available as an egg for download under the download_base url . 
test:  setuptools   setuptools
truth:  distribute   distribute

test:  is the matrix quantiles by the first non-randomly .
truth: returns a dictionary of requested quantiles from array :arguments: x : numpy array an array containing mcmc samples qlist : tuple or list a list of desired quantiles (defaults to ) transform : callable function to transform data . 
test:  sort   multiple
truth:  returns   a

test:  split the list of promotions into separate lists .
truth: split the list of promotions into separate lists . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   split

test:  disallow log .
truth: disallow log . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  use this decorator to generate a test to decorate tests .
truth: testing equivalent of @gen . 
test:  null   test
truth:  testing   equivalent

test:  monkey-patch the absolute path .
truth: element-wise absolute . 
test:  null   doc
truth:  null   null

test:  parse a template tag for this declarations .
truth: parse a top-level template string expression . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  convert a datetime to integer .
truth: convert non-none datetime to microseconds . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  show sinks .
truth: lists all sinks . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  converts a python date to a datetime object .
truth: converts a date in matroskas date format to a python datetime object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if path is a package .
truth: is the given path a python package? . 
test:  return   null
truth:  is   null

test:  manually test all of the longest operators operators at the end of symbols and its position in the requesters its ids .
truth: test that attachments work correctly after merging . 
test:  if   multiple
truth:  test   test

test:  clears the search index .
truth: warning: this runs in-request . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the request name or a embed instance based on the current request .
truth: helper method to get header values from a requests get or post dicts . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a dict containing the given ref .
truth: sort key function that causes shorter refs to sort first . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  sort   key

test:  converts an aware datetime .
truth: converts an aware datetime . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  instantiates an all-zeros variable and returns it .
truth: instantiates an all-ones variable . 
test:  instantiates   a
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  find the line and return the line number of the line .
truth: return the most recent non-blank line and its line number . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a random string of the hash with caching characters .
truth: generates a non-guessable oauth token oauth does not specify the format of tokens except that they should be strings of random characters . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  tests that all attributes special results for the given test cases .
truth: first pass sets the attributes of the test object from file system . 
test:  model   test
truth:  pass   pass

test:  creates a new instance of the db .
truth: wrap with oslo_db_api . 
test:  creates   set
truth:  wrap   wrap

test:  downsample is the grade image used by an operator to downsample lhs lhs up to the horizontal matrix .
truth: downsample the surface if isomorphic to a subdivided icosahedron . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  test when all inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning with .
truth: test when all inputs have one broadcastable dimension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if object is a collection .
truth: tests if an object is a collection . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  if   tests

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialize strategy module . 
test:  null   init_declarator
truth:  initialize   strategy

test:  setup the gpmdp gpmdp .
truth: setup gpmdp . 
test:  setup   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator to indicate that the given method returns a decorator .
truth: data provider decorator . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  null   provider

test:  contract the s-lstm .
truth: a contract is a special transaction without the to argument . 
test:  create   null
truth:  contract   a

test:  move a file to a folder .
truth: move a file to a folder . 
test:  move   a
truth:  move   a

test:  list of items into documented state info .
truth: find out what items are documented in source/* . 
test:  read   find
truth:  find   find

test:  equalize epochs on epochs .
truth: equalize the number of trials in multiple epoch instances . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  equalize   null

test:  convert a => path to a container path .
truth: return a location within a figure from a path existing in graph_reference . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the precedence for the current python class .
truth: get the precedence index for state . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  find the absolute path to a specific file .
truth: return the absolute path to a specified disk file contained in a repository . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a array object to a native array structure .
truth: convert a numpy array object to a native array structure . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if sqlite3 is available . 
test:  check   null
truth:  load   load

test:  add the end xml tag .
truth: add the end xml tag . 
test:  add   add
truth:  add   add

test:  turn on/off the csrf off of off off .
truth: given a request . 
test:  suggest   apply
truth:  given   a

test:  update available websites .
truth: update various websites owned by sympy . 
test:  update   null
truth:  update   update

test:  create all items in baselist .
truth: return matching items in both lists . 
test:  return   null
truth:  matching   matching

test:  checks if the course mode is expired and updates the course mode .
truth: checks to see if the specified course mode is valid for the course . 
test:  validate   check
truth:  to   checks

test:  return a string made up of files .
truth: return n file(s) with the proper plurality on file . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   n

test:  setup the start sensor .
truth: setup the deutsche bahn sensor . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  setup the sleepiq sensors .
truth: setup the sleepiq sensors . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  decorator that skips a test if running in the blas function .
truth: decorator for tests involving both blas calls and multiprocessing . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  disable any ansi escape sequences .
truth: decorate a c{write} callable so that all output written is properly quoted for inclusion within an xml attribute value . 
test:  write   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  displays headers and data list .
truth: displays the headers and data list together . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  delete a single configuration .
truth: remove log pattern from logadm cli example: . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  log   log

test:  returns the discrete likelihood or a discrete discrete discrete .
truth: return int or true depending on the type of division used for x / y . 
test:  is   factory
truth:  int   int

test:  odd extension at the boundaries of an array generate an odd by making an odd covariance .
truth: generate a new ndarray by making an odd extension of x along an axis . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  generate   a

test:  test that replay .
truth: test that replay . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a generator object . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  set the image in base properties of image properties .
truth: sets optional base properties for creating image . 
test:  calls   sets
truth:  sets   optional

test:  using the renderer renderer_name .
truth: using the renderer renderer_name . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  using   null

test:  returns true if any of the sequence true .
truth: returns true if all elements of the sequence satisfy true and x . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks if the site site is active .
truth: checks if contrib . 
test:  return   current
truth:  if   checks

test:  only load if the libraries are present .
truth: confirm this module is supported by the os and the system has required tools . 
test:  is   work
truth:  confirm   null

test:  expects a sysctl command with a desired value .
truth: expects a sysctl command with an argument and parse the result returning only the value of interest . 
test:  checking   a
truth:  expects   a

test:  separate all newlines to populating apps .
truth: unregisters a python com server . 
test:  cleans   null
truth:  null   a

test:  set evacuate facts if not already present in facts dict args: drain : existing facts returns: dict: the facts dict updated with the generated evacuate facts if they were not
truth: ocp before 1 . 
test:  set   fixture
truth:  null   null

test:  invalidate pricing cache for all the drivers .
truth: invalidate the cache for the specified driver . 
test:  invalidate   remove
truth:  invalidate   null

test:  replace special characters "&" .
truth: replace special characters "&" . 
test:  replace   replace
truth:  replace   replace

test:  transfer the closest remaining fill from the closest to the closest closest remaining surrounding surrounding the closest to the closest remaining surrounding as a ring .
truth: transfer the closest remaining path . 
test:  transfer   transfer
truth:  transfer   transfer

test:  a class decorator that injects the type of the decorated methods of a class with the compares of the class .
truth: a version of issubclass that supports netproxies . 
test:  is   a
truth:  null   version

test:  extracts all issues logs for the given set of issues .
truth: extract references to issues out of a list of logs args: logs : list of logs to parse returns: set[str]: set of found issues as links to github . 
test:  given   null
truth:  extract   references

test:  fetches the exploration with the given exploration .
truth: returns a python dictionary of the exploration . 
test:  export   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  tests that a plural contains a file extension .
truth: tests plural translations are stored and synced . 
test:  like   test
truth:  tests   plural

test:  check becomes or file_check string based on the 3-tuple line .
truth: if input points to ) or } or ] or > . 
test:  input   a
truth:  input   input

test:  fake version of os .
truth: fake version of os . 
test:  fake   null
truth:  fake   version

test:  run custom site specific code .
truth: run custom user specific code . 
test:  run   custom
truth:  run   custom

test:  send and receive packets at layer 3 nofilter: put 1 to avoid use of bpf filters retry: if positive .
truth: send and receive using a bluetooth socket . 
test:  null   send
truth:  send   send

test:  dummy function for doctesting empty lines .
truth: this is the real summary however . 
test:  is   a
truth:  is   null

test:  evaluate the inception graph for a dataset .
truth: evaluate model on dataset for a number of steps . 
test:  null   null
truth:  model   model

test:  returns a set of sets of nodes for all node pairs .
truth: returns bipartite node sets of graph g . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  returns   bipartite

test:  returns inverse of bipartite bipartite arguments .
truth: translate special terms . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  translate   translate

test:  ensure a profile is valid .
truth: this state module allows you to modify system tuned parameters example tuned . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  null   state

test:  returns the most recent osf statistics .
truth: get all dates since the latest . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a testsuite string .
truth: run the gyp tests for a given format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  run   run

test:  return a list of dictionaries of strings indicating which a diff all delete: dictionaries .
truth: given 2 dicts . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   null

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong type of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check if the node is a decorator .
truth: return true if the name is used in function decorator . 
test:  null   check
truth:  return   return

test:  download a configuration file from a bucket .
truth: download an object from this bucket to a file-like-object . 
test:  downloads   s3
truth:  download   download

test:  sanitize filename .
truth: utility function . 
test:  remove   filename
truth:  function   function

test:  time string .
truth: convert a date string to a time tuple . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns the total number of seconds for a given object .
truth: for those with older versions of python . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  select a solution with an expression .
truth: manipulate parts of an expression selected by a path . 
test:  do   generic
truth:  manipulate   parts

test:  take a function and return a list of ufunc and upcast it .
truth: decorator that enforces computation is not done in float16 by numpy . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns the file similar to the proxy modules .
truth: return modules for spms package database . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   modules

test:  iterate over the given function .
truth: make a function imported from module a appear as if it is located in module b . 
test:  test   null
truth:  make   a

test:  decorate a method to require a method to be logged in .
truth: use this decorator to remove trailing slashes from the request path . 
test:  to   api
truth:  use   use

test:  generate a unique filename for uploaded photo .
truth: generate a unique filename for uploaded photo . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  delete an image cache item .
truth: delete an image volume cache entry specified by volume id . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  access to the access token for the browser user .
truth: authenticate with pocket oauth . 
test:  token   null
truth:  authenticate   null

test:  return a dictionary containing information about the current linux distribution .
truth: saves time for future use with tac or toc . 
test:  module   current
truth:  time   time

test:  override this is called to construct a method that override the default string .
truth: construct for yaml . 
test:  override   null
truth:  construct   null

test:  computes the derivative derivative .
truth: inverse function for erf . 
test:  computes   function
truth:  function   function

test:  ensure discovery combined excluded by commandline are called by initialized .
truth: if encryption is enabled . 
test:  like   test
truth:  if   encryption

test:  converts human readable ipv6 string to binary representation .
truth: converts binary or int type representation to human readable ipv6 string . 
test:  converts   human
truth:  converts   binary

test:  given a template name .
truth: render a file as a template before setting it down . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  render   a

test:  default view used when request fails csrf protection .
truth: default view used when request fails csrf protection . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  check that the value of the config values are present in the config file .
truth: returns the configuration value for the provided permission permission is a string indentifying the auth permission . 
test:  check   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a key generated from nacl .
truth: takes a key generated from nacl . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  get a point around a path .
truth: get the additional length added by inserting a point into a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return a new cmac object with the given key and b .
truth: create a new hmac object . 
test:  return   a
truth:  create   a

test:  smart linking role .
truth: smart linking role . 
test:  linking   linking
truth:  linking   linking

test:  this decorator needs to be rendered on the 2 .
truth: read an arff file . 
test:  to   handles
truth:  read   read

test:  read the given file with the given private input .
truth: return a list of context-free productions . 
test:  read   read
truth:  return   a

test:  given a linear programming simplex tableau .
truth: given a linear programming simplex tableau . 
test:  given   number
truth:  given   a

test:  converts a string to a valid python string .
truth: normalize string according to scene standard . 
test:  normalize   a
truth:  string   string

test:  detects the file in the given file .
truth: detects unsafe features in the file . 
test:  detects   image
truth:  detects   null

test:  serialize obj to a json formatted str .
truth: serialize obj to a json formatted str . 
test:  obj   obj
truth:  obj   obj

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   convert
truth:  process   process

test:  returns the list of all the ask or together .
truth: asks the user using inputlist() and returns the selected element or none . 
test:  generates   returns
truth:  asks   null

test:  generate rsa keys for private key .
truth: generates public and private keys . 
test:  generates   rsa
truth:  generates   null

test:  returns a list of current task directly .
truth: currently executing task . 
test:  gets   a
truth:  executing   null

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  stream decodes a random data request .
truth: streams n random bytes generated with given seed . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  null   n

test:  call the given service with the given service .
truth: call an xmlrpc . 
test:  null   a
truth:  call   call

test:  display the clairvoyance dialog .
truth: display the statistics dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  return true if the given action is a choice object .
truth: action with choices supplied . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   action

test:  count the count of a trees for a trees .
truth: count distinct clades in the trees . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  count   count

test:  is callback to be checked for any of the cached .
truth: simulates macro from ovs . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  simulates   null

test:  get new repository .
truth: get new repository . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  ensure that invalid usage works .
truth: test the built-in invalidusage exception works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  delete an index template cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch .
truth: delete an index template along with its data cli example:: salt myminion elasticsearch . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  determine which levels to tuple .
truth: determine the correct levels argument to groupby . 
test:  determine   null
truth:  determine   null

test:  this will use the given user code to use the given user .
truth: this method utilize course coupon code . 
test:  to   set
truth:  null   method

test:  returns a string identifying the sentence from all words in words .
truth: removes stopwords - also normalizes whitespace . 
test:  leading   generator
truth:  removes   null

test:  tests datetimes are left intact if use_tz is not in effect .
truth: tests datetimes can be made aware of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen .
truth: returns true if the current transaction requires a commit for changes to happen . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get carving .
truth: get a carving for the file using an import plugin . 
test:  get   carving
truth:  get   a

test:  check that the provided path is installed .
truth: virtualenv with distribute . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   virtualenv

test:  return the authorized users activity stream .
truth: return a groups activity stream . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  no changes to the image members from 008 .
truth: no changes to the image members table from 008 . 
test:  changes   changes
truth:  changes   changes

test:  for creating bar charts and such .
truth: for creating bar charts and such . 
test:  translates   null
truth:  creating   null

test:  returns default contact .
truth: get personcontact of given user . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   personcontact

test:  given an error message .
truth: format the split libraries lea-seq log parameters input_seqs_count: int barcode_errors_exceed_max_count: int barcode_not_in_map_count: int primer_mismatch_count: int seq_too_short_count: int total_seqs_kept: int returns log_out: string to be printed in log file . 
test:  format   null
truth:  format   format

test:  returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to a floats and ints .
truth: returns num-tilings tile indices corresponding to the floats and ints . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cluster to use for the given job .
truth: check the submit_to for each mr/yarn cluster . 
test:  get   return
truth:  check   check

test:  given a valid type .
truth: a string representation of the type for this column . 
test:  null   init
truth:  string   string

test:  returns server version from znc --version .
truth: return bluez version from bluetoothd -v cli example: . 
test:  updates   version
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  used by the bokchoy .
truth: reset the test run information stored in model elements . 
test:  reset   a
truth:  reset   reset

test:  test that ipython output is included correctly .
truth: test that ipython [subcommand] -h works . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the version of the api .
truth: return a dictionary with version information . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  return   a

test:  validate a requirements requirements .
truth: validate the requirements . 
test:  return   node
truth:  validate   validate

test:  call a function with a result .
truth: same as twsited . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  returns an md5 hash of the specified file .
truth: generate an md5 hash for a file . 
test:  return   md5
truth:  generate   generate

test:  utility function to get a sum of column names .
truth: wrapper around sqlalchemy . 
test:  get   column
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  move a file or a filename to the container parent directory .
truth: move the object to the trash . 
test:  moves   null
truth:  move   move

test:  copy a file and its modification times .
truth: move a file . 
test:  to   null
truth:  move   a

test:  return a string with all non-overlapping entities replaced with whitespace .
truth: helper for jinja2 to do format strings . 
test:  like   values
truth:  null   helper

test:  get the fans for an object .
truth: get the fans of an object . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the qsturng as a list of *x* .
truth: approximates the quantile p for a studentized range distribution having v degrees of freedom and r samples for probability p . 
test:  populate   custom
truth:  null   null

test:  return raw tool representation of raw xml .
truth: load raw tree representation of tool represented at the specified path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  load   load

test:  checks if the header of a python value is listed in the n-sized .
truth: checks header for valid characters . 
test:  looks   checks
truth:  header   header

test:  yaml: file a file parameter .
truth: yaml: file a file parameter . 
test:  password   a
truth:  file   file

test:  launch launch data .
truth: plots the histogram of pregnancy lengths and prints the extremes . 
test:  display   print
truth:  plots   plots

test:  save a string to a file .
truth: dump this function dumps a python object as a tnetstring and writes it to the given file . 
test:  write   replace
truth:  dump   null

test:  find a user by name and name .
truth: find a user by name and return it . 
test:  find   user
truth:  find   a

test:  see :meth:i18n .
truth: add together everything in the list things . 
test:  null   a
truth:  add   add

test:  display the limit dialog .
truth: display the fillet dialog . 
test:  display   display
truth:  display   display

test:  for strings that alter the hexsum .
truth: return the original from a hexified string . 
test:  p   null
truth:  return   return

test:  register language support .
truth: register a probe to be run during autodetection . 
test:  register   null
truth:  register   a

test:  get a random integer value .
truth: get a random node id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  load any file recursively in a list of plugins .
truth: attempts to load plugins from a list of directories . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  to   attempts

test:  returns more information items .
truth: returns a python logger that uses streamhandler . 
test:  deletes   use
truth:  returns   a

test:  get all pyqt objects this is the nuke of an statement which have the order of all pyqt .
truth: recursive method for get_all_objects to get qt objects . 
test:  get   metadata
truth:  recursive   method

test:  return a random value with the same kind as a random value .
truth: return a randint generator . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  checks that the system checks is actually available .
truth: runs through compatibility checks to warn the user with an existing install about changes in an up-to-date django . 
test:  check   checks
truth:  runs   runs

test:  check if the current directory is present in the config file .
truth: warns or raises a ~astropy . 
test:  test   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a message to the managers .
truth: sends a message to the managers . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  a context manager that adds a command to the command .
truth: a context manager to capture std out . 
test:  context   a
truth:  context   context

test:  return a *safe* bound to a target target target target -- the object to be weakly referenced .
truth: instantiates the appropiate boundmethodweakref . 
test:  return   get
truth:  instantiates   null

test:  local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 .
truth: local total_seconds implementation for compatibility with python 2 . 
test:  null   seconds
truth:  null   total_seconds

test:  return the vmdk size size and properties size .
truth: get size of the vmdk file that is to be downloaded for attach in spawn . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   size

test:  checks the version string .
truth: undoes what safe_version() does . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  undoes   null

test:  do a vector of rows with vector garbage .
truth: make a copy of a matrix with elements below the k-th diagonal zeroed . 
test:  null   normalize
truth:  make   a

test:  this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls .
truth: this view generates a sitemap index that uses the proper view for resolving geographic section sitemap urls . 
test:  view   view
truth:  view   view

test:  create a file client .
truth: create a file client and add it to the context . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create a connection .
truth: create a connection . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  scan an archive and returns the list of paths .
truth: scan an archive from a path . 
test:  scan   a
truth:  scan   scan

test:  return a random tuple .
truth: insert a circuit into another quantum circuit . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  get all api deployment for a given apiid and api cli example: .
truth: get api deployment for a given restapiid and deploymentid . 
test:  get   api
truth:  get   api

test:  check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" .
truth: check for a positive argument of one of the units and return a normalized string of the form "<value><unit>" . 
test:  check   null
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function to determine the current resource .
truth: close unprotected file descriptors close all open file descriptors that are not in preserve . 
test:  close   null
truth:  close   close

test:  start the window and any annotation to the appended window .
truth: display the tableau window and start the main loop . 
test:  start   start
truth:  display   display

test:  like :meth:url_encode but returns the browser file object .
truth: download an aff4 file to the local filesystem overwriting it if it exists . 
test:  traverse   a
truth:  download   download

test:  extracts the data from a given directory name to a given directory .
truth: extract zipfiles at input_dir into output_dir . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   zipfiles

test:  determines the system users gerrit .
truth: convert gerrit account properties to buildbot format take into account missing values . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  unset post mortem mortem .
truth: remove the post mortem excepthook and replace with a standard one . 
test:  code   in
truth:  remove   remove

test:  check if a cwl looks like a cwl artifact file looks like it looks like a cwl tool file looks like it may be refreshed .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a cwl tool . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given a list of shape .
truth: return a rectangle with area n that is closest to square . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return a list of .
truth: list ros stacks within the specified path . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  list   ros

test:  create a class by calling the current version of the test version to the test suite .
truth: remove test methods that do not work with the current lib version . 
test:  test   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  decorate a function that returns a dict with arguments and value .
truth: an identity function used as a default task to test the timing of . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   identity

test:  sets up a generator to setup a generator .
truth: run setup . 
test:  setup   function
truth:  setup   setup

test:  returns a json array of instances instances from can be used like urllib .
truth: since django 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   django

test:  ensure that setuptools and its are installed .
truth: automatically find/download setuptools and make it available on sys . 
test:  setuptools   null
truth:  null   null

test:  confirm that a point should be serialized as a time-frequency .
truth: get equation for spherical radius . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   equation

test:  given an integration for a given api cli example: .
truth: get an integration for a given method in a given api cli example: . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the organization line .
truth: from a pillar key . 
test:  outputs   metadata
truth:  null   a

test:  return the sequence of a sequence .
truth: returns the crc32 checksum for a sequence . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if obj is a sig .
truth: return the length of the signature in bytes for a key object . 
test:  null   number
truth:  return   return

test:  calculate the median values of the given value .
truth: calculate median of series . 
test:  return   null
truth:  calculate   median

test:  api: accepts name .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  returns a list of test geodjango .
truth: returns a testsuite consisting only of geodjango tests that can be run . 
test:  return   test
truth:  returns   a

test:  calls f .
truth: call c{f} with the given arguments . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  call   call

test:  create an rrset with the specified ttl .
truth: create an rdataset with the specified class . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  convert a string to a native string .
truth: to sort sanely/alphabetically: sorted . 
test:  string   text
truth:  sort   sort

test:  traverse metric .
truth: recursively traverse the json tree and print out leaf numeric values please make sure you call this inside a lock and dont add locking inside this function . 
test:  null   strip
truth:  traverse   null

test:  compute the average clustering of the graph g .
truth: compute the average clustering coefficient for the graph g . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   compute

test:  convolve a sequence .
truth: introduce element between each pair of elements in seq . 
test:  xml   multiple
truth:  introduce   element

test:  internal helper to submit a challenge challenge for the given challenge .
truth: submits a recaptcha request for verification . 
test:  inspired   function
truth:  submits   a

test:  given a team member .
truth: removes a team member from a team with team_name . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  disassociate all fixed ip associated with a given host .
truth: disassociate old fixed ips from host . 
test:  fixed   hosts
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ as fallback types as a list of compilers: .
truth: generate c pre-processor options as used by at least two types of compilers: the typical unix compiler and visual c++ . 
test:  generate   c
truth:  generate   c

test:  test our inverse of inverse option with equivalence .
truth: like test_scalemodel() . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  like   like

test:  create a new enrollment instance .
truth: create an instance of the appropriate driverfields class . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  parse options and call the appropriate class/method .
truth: parse options and call the appropriate class/method . 
test:  parse   options
truth:  parse   options

test:  open a file with the specified name and return it .
truth: open a subunit file this is not a context manager because it is used asynchronously by hooks out of the scope of enable() because we want to patch it in our tests . 
test:  open   routine
truth:  open   a

test:  deserialize a stream or string like :meth:url_encode into a string .
truth: deserialize any string of stream like object into a python data structure . 
test:  deserialize   parse
truth:  deserialize   deserialize

test:  returns a form field for a db .
truth: returns a form field for a db . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  add a path based on triangle and html-escape it .
truth: make path absolute with leading slash to prevent access to other data . 
test:  to   null
truth:  make   path

test:  program : program | program | program | program field_type line | program | program field_type program | program field_type program | program .
truth: program : program statement | statement . 
test:  null   function
truth:  null   program

test:  returns a cache cache for the header model .
truth: returns a cache key for the header cache . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  return true if the line is running .
truth: returns true the line just read is the first line of its file . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  sends a dictionary to values of the previous/next option .
truth: displays differences between the current settings . 
test:  parses   print
truth:  displays   differences

test:  create a 2d numpy array of f .
truth: convert sdm f into a list of polynomial expressions . 
test:  transform   convert
truth:  convert   sdm

test:  stream of the retention period of the retention as the specified name .
truth: decrease stream retention period to retention_hours cli example:: salt myminion boto_kinesis . 
test:  adds   network
truth:  stream   stream

test:  add spaced spaced or functional ownerreturn .
truth: for add and mul . 
test:  find   null
truth:  add   add

test:  parses the provided partition .
truth: parse a full app id into partition . 
test:  loads   app
truth:  parse   a

test:  queries against a users hovering .
truth: queries all viewpoints followed by the requested user . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  queries   queries

test:  url this implementing a train and send it to the train .
truth: loads a yaml file with and without environment variables . 
test:  load   load
truth:  loads   a

test:  splits otu file into a list of features separated by each sample file .
truth: filter otus with fewer than min_count sequences from input_otu_map_fp with very large data sets the number of singletons can be very large . 
test:  unzip   null
truth:  filter   otus

test:  context manager that creates a test app .
truth: utility context used to setup celery app for pytest fixtures . 
test:  backend   manager
truth:  context   context

test:  returns url-safe .
truth: returns url-safe . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  wrapper for genepop .
truth: function for uploading nzbs to a running sabnzbd instance . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  function   function

test:  same as situations: .
truth: return the subset of the list names that match pat . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  return   return

test:  infer a node parameters for the given node .
truth: try to infer a dict call to a dict node . 
test:  null   return
truth:  to   try

test:  max pooling 1d .
truth: max pooling 1d . 
test:  null   pooling
truth:  pooling   pooling

test:  returns the current next(shufflesplit() .
truth: for a given test provider . 
test:  select   null
truth:  null   a

test:  generator that generates all files of the given pattern .
truth: iterates all filesystem paths that get matched by the glob pattern . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  iterates   null

test:  make a one-time list of dicts with a set of jacobian terms .
truth: compute x**n * p1 for a univariate polynomial p1 in x . 
test:  null   apply
truth:  compute   x**n

test:  generate a query .
truth: send command to memcached and stream response . 
test:  make   show
truth:  command   command

test:  ensure that the parent directory of path exists .
truth: ensure that the parent directory of path exists . 
test:  create   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  equity delete .
truth: equity delete . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  pull python expression from the string argument list .
truth: values -> value safe python expression evaluation evaluates a string that contains an expression that only uses python constants and values from a supplied dictionary . 
test:  see   null
truth:  null   values

test:  take in the service .
truth: executes a searchanalytics . 
test:  execute   null
truth:  executes   a

test:  get operator by name .
truth: assert that the operator class returns operators by name appropriately . 
test:  return   check
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns the given thread .
truth: read queues from all threads . 
test:  get   function
truth:  queues   queues

test:  helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings .
truth: helper parse action for removing quotation marks from parsed quoted strings . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  followers followers parsing .
truth: main entrypoint . 
test:  null   point
truth:  null   entrypoint

test:  a list of issues url for a template .
truth: returns github api url for querying tags . 
test:  returns   database
truth:  github   github

test:  decorator which translates typeerror thrown by the conflict function to recursive parameter .
truth: decorator to prevent infinite repr recursion . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  safe to fail_unless_raises .
truth: t is the testset . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  is   t

test:  converts a file:// type to a url .
truth: returns a message instance corresponding to a given type url . 
test:  given   type
truth:  returns   a

test:  return the next prior prior to be used in the required service .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   method

test:  check if regenerated is installed .
truth: check if configure has been regenerated . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  remove files from repeated distribution .
truth: removes repeated objects from sequences returns a set of the unique objects and a tuple of all that have been removed . 
test:  use   remove
truth:  repeated   null

test:  restful crud controller .
truth: restful crud controller for channels - unused . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  dump all runtime variables .
truth: dump the original configuration that was loaded from disk cli examples: . 
test:  return   optional
truth:  dump   null

test:  returns a prime number that can be stored in nbits bits .
truth: returns a prime number of max . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  writes the current location to disk .
truth: write the output stream . 
test:  write   multiply
truth:  write   null

test:  returns true if the state is running .
truth: check if the salt-proxy process associated with this proxy is running . 
test:  return   check
truth:  if   check

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  marks a view function as exempt from the csrf view protection .
truth: marks a view function as being exempt from the csrf view protection . 
test:  modifies   a
truth:  marks   a

test:  export a method to a png file output .
truth: export method to a png file format . 
test:  export   method
truth:  export   method

test:  adds flex to existing arithmetic .
truth: adds the full suite of flex arithmetic methods to the class . 
test:  add   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  convert x to numpy .
truth: convert :class:orange . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  pre-process request to handle mass action form for tasks and milestones .
truth: pre-process request to handle mass action form for reports . 
test:  request   request
truth:  request   request

test:  parses mapreduce .
truth: parses mapreduce . 
test:  parses   mapreduce
truth:  parses   mapreduce

test:  cosmetic is an upper range .
truth: if the range of characters from code1 to code2-1 includes any lower case letters . 
test:  extract   code
truth:  if   null

test:  serializes a hash based on a symbol .
truth: sysv_hash -> int function used to generate sysv-style hashes for strings . 
test:  label   a
truth:  null   null

test:  start a machine by name .
truth: start a supervisor process . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  calling __new__ .
truth: verify we can compare sets that arent the same type . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  convert a binary string into a binary string .
truth: convert a long integer into a binary string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  send daily to inform observers about auto .
truth: check reports to be sent daily . 
test:  reports   reports
truth:  reports   reports

test:  runs the generic module with an arguments and returns the result .
truth: sphinx build "make mode" entry . 
test:  like   function
truth:  build   build

test:  test to ensure that hugs the included api_key type successfully .
truth: test json web token . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   json

test:  format host for safe to its respective parts .
truth: sanitize host string . 
test:  pass   =
truth:  host   host

test:  runs a new function in a separate process .
truth: execute the given shell command . 
test:  run   wrapper
truth:  execute   null

test:  create volumes directories .
truth: create the directories if they dont exist . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: try to save a store with a pootle_path that is different from the associated store . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  to   try

test:  turn a list of allocations into a single resource provider .
truth: turn a list of allocations into a dict by consumer id . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  create an image object that contains images of we know about for that refer to that we know triggered .
truth: update the images orientation if it has the relevant exif tag . 
test:  function   image
truth:  update   update

test:  extracts a translations from the given file and returns a list of translations .
truth: extract all translation messages from file_obj . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  deletes/withdraws *route_dist* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and sets the local route from vrf .
truth: deletes/withdraws *prefix* from vrf identified by *route_dist* and source as network controller . 
test:  prefix   null
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a model .
truth: asynchronous version of delete one or more model instances . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  null   version

test:  open a file using binary and return a text python file object .
truth: open a bzip2-compressed file in binary or text mode . 
test:  file   file
truth:  open   a

test:  process a dict of objects for related objects to the given type .
truth: make sure that certain things in values are in suitable form for the database . 
test:  swaps   a
truth:  make   null

test:  check if x is a valid convolution curve .
truth: is a valid public key based on the specified generator? . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  is   a

test:  adjust shapes to the given dimension .
truth: preprocess dimension for broadcasting . 
test:  broadcast   check
truth:  dimension   dimension

test:  discover a few points .
truth: test all fixed radius neighbor search . 
test:  if   null
truth:  test   test

test:  groups the list of lengths by seq2seq into one iterable .
truth: measure the length of each input argument . 
test:  apply   decorator
truth:  measure   measure

test:  download a command from the end of the return its not already installed .
truth: build a command line to download a url . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  build   a

test:  perform an rp record lookup .
truth: perform a wks record lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  a decorator for wrapping a single hook .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  wrap   a

test:  set held message(s) in the mail queue to unheld cli example: .
truth: requeue message(s) in the mail queue cli example: . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   null

test:  remove the nanrows method .
truth: remove common rows in [y . 
test:  remove   download
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the full path to the site-packages file kind .
truth: get the filename of the distutils . 
test:  read   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to launch the shortcut .
truth: launch from a shortcut prompt for the repository by default . 
test:  return   null
truth:  launch   launch

test:  get a fake cluster with the provided cluster .
truth: create a fake orm cluster instance . 
test:  fake   method
truth:  create   a

test:  test that you cant add a duplicate file extension .
truth: test that you cant add a duplicate file extension . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to decorator that injects the specified revision .
truth: view decorator that wraps the request in a revision . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  view   decorator

test:  add summaries for losses .
truth: add summaries for losses . 
test:  add   summaries
truth:  add   summaries

test:  return the path to the primary files for a given directory .
truth: returns readable file objects for all of the data files in a given directory that match a given glob pattern . 
test:  get   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  collects a boolean field of the boolean structure of the given xblock .
truth: collects a boolean xblock field of name xblock_field_name for the given block_structure and transformer . 
test:  collects   a
truth:  collects   a

test:  test that when a user is able to install a wheel with a random wheel .
truth: a warning is logged telling the user that the extra option they requested does not exist in the project they are wishing to install . 
test:  dimension   test
truth:  warning   warning

test:  create and return the path with the provided resource path .
truth: returns the current resource path relative to the api entry point . 
test:  filter   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  gets the model model class by the given user .
truth: fetches the user model using the app registry . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  fetches   null

test:  build master api endpoint from a network .
truth: build master api_server_args . 
test:  build   build
truth:  build   master

test:  execute a two points crossover with a very individuals .
truth: executes a two-point crossover on the input :term:sequence individuals . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  executes   a

test:  tests datetimes are made with the given timezone .
truth: tests datetimes can be made naive of timezones . 
test:  datetimes   datetimes
truth:  datetimes   datetimes

test:  validates the users password to enter the course wrappers .
truth: signal receiver for unenrollments . 
test:  receive   attempt
truth:  signal   receiver

test:  check if its possible to iterate over an object .
truth: check if the object is attribute of enum . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  initializes all models in all models .
truth: forces import of all applications to ensure code is registered . 
test:  start   display
truth:  import   import

test:  polynomial pseudo-remainder in k[x] .
truth: polynomial division with remainder over a field . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  null   division

test:  do any tests for a bridge .
truth: return attributes from dumpe2fs for a specified device cli example: . 
test:  show   attributes
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  returns true if g is a edge cover .
truth: decides whether a set of edges is a valid edge cover of the graph . 
test:  return   a
truth:  decides   null

test:  queue for the plugin translations .
truth: adds a new language to the plugin translations . 
test:  add   plugin
truth:  adds   a

test:  error checking for routines that return a bool value .
truth: error checking on routines that return geometries . 
test:  checking   checking
truth:  checking   checking

test:  elementwise arccosine function .
truth: find indices where elements should be inserted to maintain order . 
test:  arrays   entity
truth:  indices   indices

test:  load a module .
truth: load a module . 
test:  imports   load
truth:  load   a

test:  returns true .
truth: return true . 
test:  is   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  compute the hash for the hex color .
truth: given the hexadecimal hash of the genesis transaction return the hexadecimal raw transaction . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  given   null

test:  makes a dictionary of names and gradient colors .
truth: makes dict of color gradient . 
test:  create   a
truth:  makes   dict

test:  sends a notification .
truth: show a commit to a stream . 
test:  commit   a
truth:  show   a

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  check if the package is installed .
truth: returns whether a given package id is installed . 
test:  return   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace .
truth: tokenizes a string suppressing significant whitespace . 
test:  tokenizes   parse
truth:  tokenizes   a

test:  execute a brew job .
truth: calls the brew command with the user account of brew . 
test:  call   information
truth:  calls   calls

test:  collect rank entities from a given array .
truth: rank the entities based on their sentiment assigned from the movie . 
test:  return   null
truth:  rank   rank

test:  remove a license from the specified $bindir .
truth: remove a license . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   a

test:  compute an indefinite integral of a root of the given term .
truth: gospers hypergeometric summation algorithm . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: actually execute the command . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   null

test:  polynomial pseudo-quotient in k[x] .
truth: returns polynomial quotient in k[x] . 
test:  null   polynomial
truth:  returns   polynomial

test:  remove any file or directory that was called by storing the filesystem to store .
truth: make sure the hierarchy has the bit s_ixoth set . 
test:  like   null
truth:  make   null

test:  attempt to exit which monitor to be run .
truth: an infinite "monitoring" loop watching for finished exitnotifythreads . 
test:  null   wipe
truth:  null   infinite

test:  return the path to the user file .
truth: return location of the users home directory . 
test:  find   null
truth:  return   location

test:  return a formatted function that could be used as a module .
truth: return true if the given object is defined in the given module . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  make a file with a cidx .
truth: make a cs index file . 
test:  creates   build
truth:  make   a

test:  test that matplotlib .
truth: an error is raised if a tex font lacks a type-1 equivalent . 
test:  test   test
truth:  error   error

test:  given a replacement for a replacement of replacement .
truth: returns a sample of size k from the given population . 
test:  sample   return
truth:  returns   a

test:  creates a sitemap message with the current settings .
truth: a dev only function that drops a new message on the sqs queue . 
test:  creates   django
truth:  null   dev

test:  get a dictionary containing a list of changes .
truth: get changes from the rsync successfull output . 
test:  list   a
truth:  changes   changes

test:  returns the unix time in milliseconds .
truth: return current epoch time in milliseconds . 
test:  time   null
truth:  return   current

test:  for [num_batch problems .
truth: identify and return a list of help text problems . 
test:  help   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  convert a mobius interval to a string .
truth: convert a mobius transform to an open interval . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  use the report to coverage the db .
truth: mark fn for line coverage analysis . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  mark   fn

test:  ensure a fromlist object cannot be cleaned .
truth: handle from module import a . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  handle   handle

test:  permanently delete a health check .
truth: permanently delete a load-balancer . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  only load if the victorops module is available in __salt__ .
truth: only load if the eselect module is available in __salt__ . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  sets the local attribute dictionary .
truth: switches privacy list listname to specified type . 
test:  set   set
truth:  null   privacy

test:  parse and return a kern pairs args: kern : kern pairs string or value that keys are the kern value for the kern pairs and value is a kern pair
truth: return a kern pairs dictionary; keys are tuples and values are the kern pair value . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  create a theano model that is first accepted .
truth: creates a hamiltonian with shared inputs . 
test:  return   machine
truth:  creates   a

test:  computes the reversed reversed information for a particular user .
truth: get posts from del . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  posts   posts

test:  full identity of an input variable .
truth: return x with the given subtensor overwritten by y . 
test:  sets   lines
truth:  return   x

test:  extract part of changelog pertaining to work .
truth: extract part of changelog pertaining to version . 
test:  extract   part
truth:  extract   part

test:  returns the most recent features for an app .
truth: used to find feature directories for behave tests . 
test:  get   get
truth:  to   null

test:  return the power of the entropy in the range p .
truth: return power tuple t <= x^p 1^ user wants the epigraph variable t . 
test:  split   power
truth:  return   power

test:  returns the grade time of the grade .
truth: print out a histogram of grades on a given problem in staff member debug info . 
test:  issues   returns
truth:  print   print

test:  returns the 50th value for a mode .
truth: returns l/d/-/? for use in "rwx" style strings . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  list all active vms for the specified vms .
truth: return a list of names for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  enable code that overrides the printed output of code while code likely to avoid swallows of code while we are in the code .
truth: override sys . 
test:  turns   redirects
truth:  override   sys

test:  returns the path of the user .
truth: return root directory that contains all migration rules . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  return   root

test:  return a fixed frequency datetime index .
truth: return a fixed frequency timedelta index . 
test:  start   a
truth:  return   a

test:  find a 3d transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 .
truth: find a bilinear transformation matrix that maps points1 onto points2 . 
test:  solve   a
truth:  find   a

test:  in the case you dont even have wget .
truth: in the case you dont even have wget . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  null   in

test:  a simple way to determine if a == b is true .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *less than* threshold . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  creates a diff dictionary for the given action .
truth: dry to build diff parts . 
test:  create   a
truth:  to   null

test:  stubs xenapisession methods from xenapisession .
truth: stubs out methods from xenapisession . 
test:  sends   bound
truth:  stubs   stubs

test:  returns the matched xml reference .
truth: replace the matched xml/html entities and references; replace everything except sgml entities like &lt; . 
test:  reverse   compute
truth:  replace   replace

test:  equivalent of makedir -p .
truth: makes sure that a directory exists at the given path . 
test:  null   equivalent
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns the process instance .
truth: returns the username of a process instance . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a cache key based on the request path .
truth: returns a cache key based on the request path . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  apply all @override visited by their corresponding values of a list of their corresponding printable components .
truth: replace any feature structure that has a forward pointer with the target of its forward pointer . 
test:  return   check
truth:  replace   replace

test:  return the architecture architecture .
truth: returns required jdk architecture for current system in format used in oracle jdk packages: x64 or i586 . 
test:  null   extension
truth:  required   returns

test:  encode a string with base64 .
truth: encode a string with base64 . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   a

test:  clear the cache cache .
truth: clear the filecmp cache . 
test:  cache   cache
truth:  clear   null

test:  reads the contents of the file .
truth: read the specified file and return the contents . 
test:  file   a
truth:  read   read

test:  returns true/false boolean if the executable has super .
truth: determines whether or not the program is run as root . 
test:  null   a
truth:  determines   null

test:  eeg a new worker with a new worker .
truth: this routine starts the worker . 
test:  set   a
truth:  null   routine

test:  read metamorph stk uic2tag from file and return as dictionary .
truth: read metamorph stk uic3tag from file and return as dictionary . 
test:  read   metamorph
truth:  read   metamorph

test:  get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one element with diagonal elements set to the matrix with diagonal elements .
truth: get four by four matrix with diagonal elements set to one . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a storage object that implements the new redis .
truth: usage example: put in models:: from gluon . 
test:  samples   null
truth:  usage   usage

test:  find the users file name .
truth: find an application . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  test the results of the bundle property .
truth: if the bundle structure is already flat . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compare two files .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  compare   compare
truth:  compare   compare

test:  return true if the column exists in the table specified by the given column .
truth: alter a column only if it exists in the schema . 
test:  check   null
truth:  alter   a

test:  return the current thread name corresponding to the given type .
truth: raises the exception . 
test:  null   return
truth:  raises   null

test:  run all track sessions .
truth: default command line protocol for initialization . 
test:  null   a
truth:  command   command

test:  return plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  plugin   plugin
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  it should download dependencies .
truth: it should download dependencies . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  generate a client for a discovery file .
truth: generate a client library to file . 
test:  to   discovery
truth:  generate   a

test:  check file handle .
truth: check if proxy conf exists and update . 
test:  check   check
truth:  if   check

test:  get the vector3 structure as a pair .
truth: get equation for rectangular . 
test:  get   statement
truth:  get   equation

test:  decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr .
truth: decorate a traditional-style method that takes cr . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  decorate   a

test:  return a list of version names for the windows windows .
truth: return list of versions that have been pruned to version windows uses :py:class:versionmanager to prune the list of versions . 
test:  =   a
truth:  list   list

test:  generate a new random string .
truth: module function to encode a password . 
test:  return   function
truth:  function   function

test:  only work on systems which default to openrc .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system and that debconf-utils is installed . 
test:  confine   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  return the filename without the extension .
truth: return lowercased file extension . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  only work on posix-like systems .
truth: only work on mac os . 
test:  work   null
truth:  work   work

test:  test for reproducible mfa .
truth: test for info sharedlibrary . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  insert the document to the basic document .
truth: test that a new document can be created . 
test:  is   domain
truth:  test   test

test:  get the list of available keys .
truth: retrieves one or more entities from the datastore . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  retrieves   one

test:  return a thread-local revision from the socket .
truth: gets latest revision # from the github repository returns : revision# . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  return a dict of params which is valid for fields in any of the given type .
truth: given a field . 
test:  clip   returns
truth:  given   a

test:  creates a oname image .
truth: creates a word cloud parameters oname : output filename words : list of maxsize : int . 
test:  create   create
truth:  creates   a

test:  return true if short is rgb .
truth: short to rgb . 
test:  to   rgb
truth:  to   null

test:  return a string .
truth: return the warning method currently used to record deprecation warnings . 
test:  return   items
truth:  return   return

test:  this is a utility to retrieve the command line and thus the program .
truth: return os max open file of grains value . 
test:  open   strips
truth:  return   os

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  accepts   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  creates a new role for a particular role .
truth: decorator that allows access roles to be registered within the roles module and referenced by their string values . 
test:  register   register
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given a context value .
truth: return a value for a key . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   a

test:  converts a number written in the format to a string .
truth: convert a number to base36 . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  function used for unpickling proxy objects .
truth: function used for unpickling proxy objects . 
test:  get   check
truth:  used   function

test:  returns a namedtuple with the given name .
truth: read data from downloaded file . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   data

test:  pick authentication .
truth: pick installer plugin . 
test:  pick   strings
truth:  pick   installer

test:  return a dictionary of keys suitable for use in a given dict .
truth: build a :class:errorcode object from a json entry . 
test:  create   compute
truth:  build   a

test:  return the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the telstra sms api notification service . 
test:  get   test
truth:  get   get

test:  read somewhat-helpful types .
truth: make sure that the read() function takes filenames . 
test:  objects   read
truth:  make   null

test:  get a locale by name .
truth: returns an appropriate :class:locale <arrow . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  convert a datetime to a datetime as 64-bit float .
truth: convert :mod:datetime to the gregorian date as utc float days . 
test:  converts   datetime
truth:  convert   convert

test:  finds the zone .
truth: configure nltks interface to the megam maxent optimization package . 
test:  start   images
truth:  configure   nltks

test:  image data resource factory method .
truth: image data resource factory method . 
test:  null   data
truth:  null   data

test:  convert a julian date to a matplotlib date .
truth: convert a julian date to a matplotlib date . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  ensure its possible setuptools .
truth: download setuptools . 
test:  downloads   setuptools
truth:  setuptools   setuptools

test:  get all floating ips by a given project .
truth: get all floating ips by project . 
test:  get   list
truth:  get   get

test:  this function calls a class that parses the html page .
truth: this function calls a class that parses the input html page to fingerprint the back-end database management system . 
test:  null   function
truth:  function   function

test:  function called by deserialize a function to a penn .
truth: return a dict containing the arguments and default arguments to the function . 
test:  given   a
truth:  return   a

test:  tests that the notation with notation _or_ raises a regular expression .
truth: tests for regular expression aiming to filter scientific notations which are not correctly parsed as floats by yaml . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  converts value to a string of dt .
truth: serializes parameter if it is datetime . 
test:  value   python
truth:  serializes   parameter

test:  raises the first results of the validation results for the given validation .
truth: limit the number of messages displayed in a set of validation results . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  limit   limit

test:  parse a message header .
truth: parse a full backtrace . 
test:  parse   compute
truth:  parse   a

test:  add a user .
truth: add specific user to a list . 
test:  to   a
truth:  add   add

test:  renders the dictionary dependencies for the given set of size dependencies .
truth: number of total data elements that depend on key for each key we return the number of data that can only be run after this key is run . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   number

test:  changes the language code at the beginning of each file .
truth: a generator that returns lines of the file . 
test:  generate   in
truth:  null   generator

test:  convert a linecollection object to a line3dcollection object .
truth: convert a polycollection to a poly3dcollection object . 
test:  hack   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern .
truth: return an iterator which yields the paths matching a pathname pattern . 
test:  uses   return
truth:  return   return

test:  get a class from a class .
truth: add a class to the _decl_class_registry associated with the given declarative class . 
test:  function   class
truth:  add   a

test:  return the version of the package version .
truth: returns a string representing the package version or an empty string if not installed . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  flatten a nested collection of items with nested units .
truth: given a list of sequences . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  given   a

test:  plot the raw onscroll setting .
truth: interpret scroll events . 
test:  start   shift
truth:  scroll   scroll

test:  check to make sure the default plot matches the horizontal plot .
truth: check to make sure the default orientation matches the input orientation . 
test:  test   check
truth:  to   check

test:  content-disposition content-disposition .
truth: sends the email message message with mail and envelope headers for from from_address_ to to_address with subject . 
test:  null   null
truth:  sends   null

test:  generic ttest to save typing .
truth: generic z-test to save typing can be used as ztest based on summary statistics . 
test:  export   time
truth:  null   generic

test:  decorator which specifies that a user must have at least one of the specified roles .
truth: decorator which specifies that a user must have all the specified roles . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  changes to positive integer in string format .
truth: cast a string to a strictly positive integer . 
test:  open   parses
truth:  cast   a

test:  run html tidy with minimal settings .
truth: run html tidy without line wrapping . 
test:  run   html
truth:  run   html

test:  return the subgraph induced on all nodes in g .
truth: return all nodes reachable from source in g . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints a list of the currently query of each host .
truth: prints all the rows of data returned by the api . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  prints   prints

test:  returns the id of the error code for a given error code .
truth: create json-rpc error response . 
test:  returns   loader
truth:  create   create

test:  create an http service .
truth: creates the service object for calling the cloud storage api . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  return the hash hash of the given data .
truth: return a stable hash value for an arbitrary parsed-json data snippet . 
test:  copy   data
truth:  return   a

test:  verifies that an action is provided .
truth: example: when i run "behave . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this executes the cli command on the target node(s) node(s) and returns the output .
truth: this method executes the cli command on the target node(s) and returns the output . 
test:  null   one
truth:  null   method

test:  removes a schema from the postgres server .
truth: removes a schema from the postgres server . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   a

test:  renders the auth name using the auth .
truth: creates html markup for social authentication method . 
test:  retrieves   replaces
truth:  creates   html

test:  scan a postfix log line and extract interesting data .
truth: scan a postfix smtpd log line and extract interesting data . 
test:  fetches   server
truth:  scan   a

test:  given a route table .
truth: creates a route table . 
test:  given   checks
truth:  creates   a

test:  return eol characters for given text .
truth: get text eol characters . 
test:  return   array
truth:  text   text

test:  create models .
truth: register models and create properties . 
test:  register   models
truth:  register   models

test:  returns a single value for a given package .
truth: return the fully qualified names for fixers in the package pkg_name . 
test:  given   package
truth:  return   return

test:  validate that a string is a valid key .
truth: helper to check valid options . 
test:  null   check
truth:  to   helper

test:  calculate md5sum of an md5 hash .
truth: calculate the md5sum of a file . 
test:  get   calculate
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  convert text to a long .
truth: safely converts a string to an integer . 
test:  text   text
truth:  converts   converts

test:  gets the media prefix for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: populates a template variable with the media prefix . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  populates   a

test:  cast numpy numpy type to a tensor .
truth: symbolically cast x to a tensor of type dtype . 
test:  cast   factory
truth:  cast   cast

test:  parse a string according to the rules in rfc 2822 .
truth: attempts to parse a string representation of a date or datetime value . 
test:  parse   attempt
truth:  to   attempts

test:  converts a negative integer into an integer .
truth: ntohl -> integer convert a 32-bit integer from network to host byte order . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  deletes a problem for a given course_id .
truth: delete the studentmodule entry . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  show if a database is an filterform for all handlers .
truth: see if a logger has any handlers . 
test:  if   a
truth:  if   null

test:  helper for _addmessagemethods() .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  decorate   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  set a password on the local user .
truth: set the password for a named user . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure that the rdp performance is present .
truth: bootstrap an arch linux container . 
test:  whitespace   a
truth:  bootstrap   bootstrap

test:  for testing .
truth: says hello . 
test:  return   watch
truth:  null   null

test:  delete a document .
truth: delete a document . 
test:  delete   method
truth:  delete   a

test:  get a controller function by name .
truth: build a list of arguments and dictionary of keyword arguments which are passed to the controller method based on the arg_types specification . 
test:  get   parses
truth:  build   a

test:  returns a list of all models for the given app .
truth: returns a list of the create index sql statements for all models in the given app . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  create a csv dictionary of image objects .
truth: prepare request object to send to vision api . 
test:  make   list
truth:  request   request

test:  link epochs to epochs .
truth: handle epochs navigation click . 
test:  report   epochs
truth:  handle   epochs

test:  remove list and the values starting from the dictionary .
truth: remove list from the dictionary in the value is true . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  check that line out at the beginning of the line numbers .
truth: return line numbers of comments that are likely code . 
test:  check   line
truth:  return   line

test:  does the indentation of a block when we find in the line containing the given line .
truth: return the number of leading spaces in line . 
test:  fetch   a
truth:  return   return

test:  convert a numeric degrees time to a tuple .
truth: return a degrees:minutes:seconds string . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   a

test:  validates that all arguments can be present in the order to the context for the specified function .
truth: validate values of args against validators in validator . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   values

test:  water restful crud controller .
truth: water sources . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   sources

test:  returns the json object that can be used as json code .
truth: returns the json data corresponding to the game represented by eid . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  returns   returns

test:  like check_output but captures the value to a command with arguments .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  run   null
truth:  command   command

test:  parameters commonly used by "post-alexnet" architectures .
truth: parameters used by alexnet and its variants . 
test:  null   converts
truth:  used   parameters

test:  returns true if text is a builtin .
truth: test if passed string is the name of a python builtin object . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   test

test:  delete this asset rules .
truth: del a asset . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  del   a

test:  return a dict of containers names to keys .
truth: return a table of containers and the groups they belong to . 
test:  print   a
truth:  return   a

test:  called by the current user .
truth: publish a page . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  publish   a

test:  get the evaluators class .
truth: get the bracket end index and convert the equation value evaluators into a string . 
test:  process   get
truth:  get   get

test:  setup the camera .
truth: setup the radio thermostat . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string .
truth: convert a coordinate to an absolute coordinate string . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  convert   a

test:  normalizes a list of dictionaries with a single space character .
truth: return fixed line endings . 
test:  normalize   line
truth:  fixed   return

test:  addrequest windows only .
truth: add a request to the labjackud request stack for windows sample usage to get the ain value from channel 0: . 
test:  null   windows
truth:  add   a

test:  slugify a string .
truth: normalizes string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  returns an saferepr with all entries in the given list .
truth: find children that dont point to their parents . 
test:  function   attempts
truth:  find   children

test:  batched insert statements via the orm .
truth: individual insert statements via the orm . 
test:  insert   insert
truth:  insert   insert

test:  delete all files in a zip file .
truth: zip a directory . 
test:  walk   create
truth:  null   a

test:  return a new dictionary with the supplied numpy map .
truth: creates an encoding map from a decoding map . 
test:  make   helper
truth:  creates   null

test:  generates a scalar element from a standard palette parameters .
truth: make a palette that blends between a list of colors . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  merge two dictionaries .
truth: given two dict . 
test:  merge   function
truth:  given   null

test:  returns list of available modules .
truth: returns a list containing the names of all the modules available in the standard library . 
test:  given   list
truth:  returns   a

test:  delete matching containers and the aggregated table .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  ensure   null

test:  bayesian information criterion with small sample correction parameters y : float value of the loglikelihood dlldy : float returns p-value : float value of observations for the loglikelihood .
truth: derivative of log pdf of standardized (?) t with respect to y notes parameterized for garch . 
test:  choose   null
truth:  null   derivative

test:  get the attribute of an attribute .
truth: get an attribute . 
test:  null   attribute
truth:  get   get

test:  create a iplot image stored in the iplot plot .
truth: draw plotly graphs inside an ipython notebook without connecting to an external server . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  draw   null

test:  return a list of exercise items for all exercise and survey .
truth: return a list of prequisites for each specified exercise . 
test:  get   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  copy the annotations from the dest to dest .
truth: copy annotations from the tokens listed in src to the tokens in dest . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   annotations

test:  convert image to square .
truth: given a pil . 
test:  null   null
truth:  given   a

test:  updates timeline .
truth: note: this method may be used by other apps for patching . 
test:  like   correct
truth:  null   null

test:  unregister a class or an item at the given alias .
truth: opposite of l{register_class} . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   opposite

test:  parse a media .
truth: parse a media . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  read a distances file or stream .
truth: parse a codeml results file . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  returns a list with all exploration ids that the given user subscribes .
truth: returns a list with ids of all explorations that the given user subscribes to . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  find the system plugins for the given group .
truth: return all plugins in the ckan . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   return

test:  append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp .
truth: append tags found in file named filename to the open file outfp . 
test:  append   tags
truth:  append   tags

test:  solves the statement which has unique .
truth: this function returns a tuple . 
test:  function   git
truth:  function   function

test:  creates a finder project with the list of calls to filter breaking .
truth: a factory for finder based on the arguments it creates a list of filters . 
test:  function   a
truth:  null   factory

test:  returns true if *obj* looks like an object .
truth: determines whether the given value is an integer . 
test:  if   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  returns a multivariate rvs for a multivariate distribution .
truth: generate random variables of multivariate t distribution parameters m : array_like mean of random variable . 
test:  return   attempt
truth:  generate   generate

test:  start the specified service cli example: .
truth: cli example: . 
test:  start   service
truth:  null   cli

test:  retrieve all key_pair for a given project or raise if it does not exist .
truth: retrieve a quota usage or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  decorator to create a memoized method as a cache object .
truth: momoization decorator for immutable classes and pure functions . 
test:  to   null
truth:  null   decorator

test:  send a request to the auth info endpoint for google jwts .
truth: makes a request to the auth info endpoint for google id tokens . 
test:  make   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  format the master services .
truth: make a filesystem using the appropriate module . 
test:  call   a
truth:  make   a

test:  create new media_list_player .
truth: create new media_list_player . 
test:  create   new
truth:  create   new

test:  coerces a console instance with detail .
truth: coerces a console instance into proper dictionary format with correctly mapped attributes . 
test:  coerces   a
truth:  coerces   a

test:  compute the polar bound to the polar of the matrix .
truth: compute the polar decomposition . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  compute   compute

test:  determine the network mapper for the specified upnp device .
truth: returns a deferred which will be called with a l{upnpmapper} instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  yield all in the tree starting at *node* .
truth: recursively yield all child nodes of *node* . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  install flocker on a distribution .
truth: install flocker package on a distribution . 
test:  install   null
truth:  install   flocker

test:  given a polynomial name .
truth: reduce poly by polymod . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  reduce   null

test:  bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form in the roidb .
truth: bounding-box regression targets are stored in a compact form n x this function expands those targets into the 4-of-4*k representation used by the network . 
test:  null   regression
truth:  null   regression

test:  formats the length of the value to date .
truth: truncates a string after a certain number of chars . 
test:  value   a
truth:  truncates   a

test:  return the factorial of n .
truth: return the factorial of n . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  remove any any existing emails from your code .
truth: clear out queued emails that would otherwise be sent to a specific email address . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  clear   null

test:  remove a human-friendly container .
truth: remove an existing jacket . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return true if the byte string is html .
truth: detect whether a file contains html by examining its first bytes . 
test:  decode   return
truth:  detect   null

test:  returns a json object with a json string .
truth: returns the json representation of the value . 
test:  join   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  display all private repos .
truth: list private repositories within the organization . 
test:  display   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  returns true if the user is masquerading for the given course .
truth: returns whether the user is a staff member masquerading as a specific student . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  helper function for creating a response object .
truth: a helper for creating http responses . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  validate that the value of path-like header header is well .
truth: validate that the value from x-copy-from header is well formatted . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  validate   validate

test:  calls a method with a lock .
truth: decorator that make functions not be called faster than . 
test:  assert   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  perform deseq2 negative da .
truth: perform metagenomeseqs zero inflated gaussian otu differential abundance testing . 
test:  load   page
truth:  perform   metagenomeseqs

test:  converts a container to a string for use with a flattens examples .
truth: convert a container to a command line string . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  context manager to run a command .
truth: runs a single command in shell and provides stdout . 
test:  open   manager
truth:  runs   a

test:  compute the definite product of an array and angle along the given axis .
truth: convert quaternion to rotation of angle around axis parameters quat : 4 element sequence w . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  convert   quaternion

test:  updates a databases at the given url .
truth: return the version of a postgres server . 
test:  start   show
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a clip with the given pkg .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parse   null
truth:  is   pkg

test:  check that a file exists on the given source is a directory .
truth: create a symbolic link to a file cli example: . 
test:  copy   returns
truth:  create   a

test:  make a webob exception .
truth: utility function which tries to map an uncaught exception throwed inside an api to a more user-friendly exception which is returned instead of returning internal server error . 
test:  wraps   exception
truth:  function   function

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: limit a gcode file or text . 
test:  coil   coil
truth:  limit   a

test:  a simple way to create a set of values .
truth: return iterator of all values in d except the values in k . 
test:  sort   function
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  build the arguments for the page where the target is assigned .
truth: build page key from format pattern and request data . 
test:  construct   build
truth:  build   page

test:  run a salt service .
truth: name unique identifier for the state . 
test:  null   a
truth:  name   name

test:  join two or more pathname components .
truth: join two or more pathname components . 
test:  join   method
truth:  join   join

test:  adds a nova name to dictionary .
truth: monkey patch in nova guidelines . 
test:  adds   expression
truth:  patch   patch

test:  return the checksum of the thin tarball .
truth: return the checksum of the current thin tarball . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  install the default blas script .
truth: docstring for install_openblas . 
test:  docstring   docstring
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  stop submission of process .
truth: mark a job as to run immediately . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mark   a

test:  get the nma notification service .
truth: get the twilio sms notification service . 
test:  get   price
truth:  get   get

test:  returns whether or not given object was closed .
truth: checks whether a given file-like object is closed . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  checks   checks

test:  start the home assistant server .
truth: setup the mochad platform . 
test:  start   up
truth:  setup   setup

test:  parse a numpy array or a list of values .
truth: parse an expected: lines data str -> [] . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  like check_output but captures the full output with the given output .
truth: run command with arguments and return its output as a byte string . 
test:  specified   manager
truth:  command   command

test:  destroy a node .
truth: destroy a machine by name cli example: . 
test:  destroy   a
truth:  destroy   a

test:  make sure that suspended is available .
truth: accepts a string and returns a list of strings of numeric lsb runlevels . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  accepts   a

test:  decorator to safely detach the sale db associated with the current context .
truth: decorator to detach db_obj from the session . 
test:  given   decorator
truth:  to   decorator

test:  return the currently active locale .
truth: get current locale data outside views . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  get   current

test:  simulates the cachedir .
truth: fixture to prevent writing a cachedir . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   fixture

test:  return a format string for a given type with a given description of a given type .
truth: returns a format string for printing the given type . 
test:  string   up
truth:  returns   a

test:  context manager that updates a ccx of a ccx .
truth: create a context in which the course identified by course_locator exists . 
test:  enable   up
truth:  create   a

test:  test that summary information is raised when we get a summary of different from the globally .
truth: smoke test for summary . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  a simple wrapper around the correct testing .
truth: check if application_urls and path changed on the instance . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  if   check

test:  try to apply the string obtained by the non quotes .
truth: try to apply the pattern at the start of the string . 
test:  return   try
truth:  to   try

test:  rename all abe .
truth: drop and recreate abe_sequences with key renamed to sequence_key . 
test:  rename   action
truth:  drop   drop

test:  a newline literal .
truth: a newline literal . 
test:  null   newline
truth:  null   newline

test:  returns true if the rule matches the given query .
truth: return if this query must be updated offline in a batch job . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  if   return

test:  within the context .
truth: activate the settings lang . 
test:  context   null
truth:  activate   null

test:  show an error message with an title .
truth: show an info message . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  statement : expression .
truth: statement : name equals expression . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  return the current locale settings .
truth: gets the modules output format . 
test:  rows   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  allow you to get a namedtuple with the same name as the current version .
truth: build and return a pkginfo namedtuple . 
test:  return   a
truth:  build   build

test:  encodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: encode the input . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  encode   encode

test:  returns a popen engine term .
truth: get a search engine name and search term from a string . 
test:  interpret   parse
truth:  get   a

test:  in case of whether the files in symlinks is in case of the screen * if the files is in the screen * symlinks .
truth: in case filepath is a symlink . 
test:  null   case
truth:  null   case

test:  dynamically use the target class .
truth: get the currently selected target for the given module . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  construct an object holding a timestamp value .
truth: this function constructs an object holding a time stamp value . 
test:  start   null
truth:  function   function

test:  generate hashed file .
truth: drop any references to a typelib previously added with ensuremodulefortypelibinterface and fordemand . 
test:  null   function
truth:  drop   drop

test:  move items from the specified query to the specified query .
truth: moves or copies items to a new base directory . 
test:  move   function
truth:  moves   null

test:  check if the glob matches any patterns in the glob patterns .
truth: checks if the given string . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all subj certs by a keyinfo instance .
truth: given an pyopenssl certificate . 
test:  is   a
truth:  given   null

test:  clean an assets that is the current asset .
truth: automatically depreciate assets as per their depreciation rate . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  depreciate   null

test:  initialize the threads with the threads parameter .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  function   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  returns the executable specified by the executable .
truth: returns the version of the specified executable . 
test:  returns   find
truth:  returns   returns

test:  only work on macos .
truth: only for macos with launchctl . 
test:  work   work
truth:  null   null

test:  return the intersection of the all graphs .
truth: return a new graph that contains only the edges that exist in all graphs . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  tests for modified is modified .
truth: convenience method for conditional requests . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  ensure testing mode is enabled in csf .
truth: ensure testing mode is enabled in csf . 
test:  testing   testing
truth:  testing   testing

test:  get a value from a db .
truth: get a value from a db . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme .
truth: parse nms url into normalized parts like scheme . 
test:  parse   nms
truth:  parse   nms

test:  this decorator returns a function if a decorates is not support .
truth: removes sudo before calling fn and adds it after . 
test:  tell   wrapper
truth:  removes   sudo

test:  validate a file from an s3 bucket and return it .
truth: move a file within s3 . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  move   a

test:  create a dictionary representing a keys query as a dictionary .
truth: takes a django query and returns a jsonable list of dictionaries corresponding to the database rows . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  computes the batch matrix squared * pinv(x) .
truth: sandwich with pinv(x) * scale * pinv(x) . 
test:  compute   in
truth:  null   sandwich

test:  find all bricks found in list .
truth: walk the brick hierarchy . 
test:  finds   find
truth:  walk   null

test:  lists all volumes in the specified root .
truth: list configured volumes cli example: . 
test:  function   list
truth:  configured   list

test:  get the computer to use for post_delete .
truth: get pretty_hostname value stored in /etc/machine-info if this file doesnt exist or the variable doesnt exist return false . 
test:  get   correct
truth:  get   get

test:  generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups .
truth: generate a random password from the supplied symbol groups . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  update a task object .
truth: apply supplied dictionary of values to a task object . 
test:  update   set
truth:  supplied   apply

test:  packs a property into inserts inserts .
truth: packs a user property into a entity_pb . 
test:  packs   a
truth:  packs   a

test:  print all the established commands .
truth: print authors text to put at the bottom of the release notes . 
test:  prints   prints
truth:  print   authors

test:  retrieves a details of a resource .
truth: calls the service methods on the user input . 
test:  resolves   compare
truth:  calls   calls

test:  check if a pid is running in the process .
truth: check if a process is running based on the pid . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  retry for all retries .
truth: try something several times before giving up . 
test:  to   run
truth:  try   something

test:  run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in .
truth: run any registered exit functions _exithandlers is traversed in reverse order so functions are executed last in . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the raspberry platform .
truth: setup the directv platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  computes the pairwise metric between x and batch .
truth: compute minimum distances between one point and a set of points . 
test:  computes   part
truth:  compute   minimum

test:  delete users that is running after the user .
truth: blocks setting password for anonymous user . 
test:  signal   null
truth:  setting   setting

test:  very simple check that returns true if the cidr is a valid cidr variable .
truth: very simple check of the cidr format in no_proxy variable . 
test:  if   null
truth:  null   null

test:  convert a value or a list to a list of properties specified in the value .
truth: return function that returns a list of objects that match the regex . 
test:  return   context
truth:  function   function

test:  return true if host is smartos .
truth: simple function to return if host is smartos or not . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  combine the elements of a sqlite path .
truth: returns the last value in *paths* that is not none . 
test:  add   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch a single request index .
truth: returns the appropriate index of the storage policy for the request from a proxy server . 
test:  get   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  fetch element by the given id .
truth: return the content of the tag with the specified id in the passed html document . 
test:  get   line
truth:  return   return

test:  gets a selectfield for the unsorted tool .
truth: return the tool_path config setting for the received shed_tool_conf file by searching the tool boxs in-memory list of shed_tool_confs for the dictionary whose config_filename key has a value matching the received shed_tool_conf . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  make sure the widget is cleared properly .
truth: make sure using settext() works and runs repaint . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  read the metric set .
truth: read traffic server one or more metrics . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   traffic

test:  fake function to format and inject any arguments into a single string .
truth: a wrapper of format_html . 
test:  strips   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  remove a pointer from a node .
truth: remove a pointer from a node . 
test:  show   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns true if task has custom attr .
truth: return true if the task overrides attr . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  initializes the astropy representation of the given object .
truth: helper function to create a logger object for the current object with the standard numenta prefix . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  function   function

test:  return a list of all available vm images .
truth: get the iscsi sessions activated . 
test:  get   info
truth:  get   get

test:  return an arguments for command-line arguments for compile the current subprocess .
truth: get the qt qapplication arguments based on an argparse namespace . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return incremented .
truth: as part of canonicalization . 
test:  null   arrays
truth:  null   part

test:  replaces slashes before quotes .
truth: djangos escapejs is too aggressive and inserts unicode . 
test:  string   replaces
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  estimate optimal countgraph args .
truth: estimate optimal memory . 
test:  estimate   estimate
truth:  estimate   estimate

test:  encrypt the specified data with the given key and return the new data .
truth: return a version of the data that has been encrypted to . 
test:  simulates   null
truth:  return   a

test:  only make these states available if zabbix module is available .
truth: only make these states available if zabbix module is available . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   null

test:  single view .
truth: ordered product view . 
test:  view   view
truth:  ordered   product

test:  returns the specified issue .
truth: attempt to close an issue and return whether it succeeded . 
test:  close   need
truth:  to   attempt

test:  helper function for the grains from the grains .
truth: get the grains from the proxied device . 
test:  find   up
truth:  get   get

test:  helper to return a new list of the strings that are returned from the tokens .
truth: helper to undo pyparsings default grouping of and expressions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  decrypt text data - the password - the first 16 bytes of decoded data are retrieved from decoded bytes .
truth: decrypt text - the first 8 bytes of decoded data are the 8 high bytes of the counter - the cipher key is retrieved by encrypting the first 16 byte of password with the first key_size_bytes bytes from password - mode of operation is counter . 
test:  text   text
truth:  text   text

test:  restrict a dictionary with all values of keys in the given keys .
truth: return a dictionary that contains those keys that appear in both d and keys . 
test:  dictionary   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a mode value that can be called from the host files .
truth: return a mode value . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve the grains from the proxied device .
truth: helper function to the grains from the proxied devices . 
test:  return   update
truth:  function   function

test:  generates a actual schema for the given schema .
truth: format a schema to restructuredtext . 
test:  format   generator
truth:  format   a

test:  compute likelihood plot for a 2-d polynomial .
truth: calculate and optionally plot probability plot correlation coefficient . 
test:  plot   multiplication
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  give a list of page id for the given user .
truth: give a list of page where the user has add page rights or the string "all" if the user has all rights . 
test:  give   a
truth:  give   a

test:  return specified style style type .
truth: simple manager function for the styled menus . 
test:  return   payload
truth:  null   manager

test:  vae samples clear clear clear the right side of samples .
truth: vae allows multiple samples per data point . 
test:  allow   test
truth:  allows   null

test:  multi-class prediction crossentropy .
truth: multi-class cross entropy . 
test:  null   poisson
truth:  cross   cross

test:  import a module or a module .
truth: an alternative to the import function so that we can import modules defined as strings . 
test:  imports   a
truth:  null   alternative

test:  template tag that displays a template .
truth: build a list of template error formatters for weberror . 
test:  null   a
truth:  build   a

test:  copy an int to the destination .
truth: copy a little-endian unsigned 4-byte int between files . 
test:  copy   copy
truth:  copy   a

test:  tests that the view is raised by a mapper request .
truth: tests units can be retrieved . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  tests   units

test:  insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters .
truth: insert a simple entry into the list of warnings filters . 
test:  filter   a
truth:  insert   a

test:  try to detach a path or detach all axes in a path .
truth: detach program by argv . 
test:  detach   detach
truth:  detach   program

test:  the tic .
truth: send a message every second . 
test:  shutdown   relu
truth:  send   a

test:  delete an image uuid : boolean toggle uuid of image uuid of delete cli example: .
truth: remove an installed image uuid : string specifies uuid to import cli example: . 
test:  float   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  return the name of the minion cli example: .
truth: return one or more grains cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   one

test:  class decorator for all functions where each item is true .
truth: inherit docstrings from authenticator . 
test:  like   decorator
truth:  null   docstrings

test:  returns the list of keys available for the specified keys .
truth: enumerates the subkeys in a registry key or hive . 
test:  create   null
truth:  enumerates   null

test:  returns the object that the given object is running .
truth: get object for the give reference . 
test:  get   null
truth:  object   object

test:  decodes formatters into a list of built with a single space .
truth: chain formatter functions . 
test:  function   appends
truth:  null   formatter

test:  format a task for consumption outside of tasks that will take log under due to envisalink as a dictionary .
truth: format a task ref for consumption outside of this module . 
test:  takes   task
truth:  format   a

test:  move to the text .
truth: kill backward from the cursor to the beginning of the current line . 
test:  start   kill
truth:  kill   kill

test:  returns a attaches decorator .
truth: attaches serializers to a method . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  attaches   serializers

test:  set the old rss limit for the given layer .
truth: limit memory grow when calling func: restrict memory grow to limit bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  limit   memory

test:  given a python object name .
truth: given a key for obj . 
test:  decide   a
truth:  given   a

test:  return startup_items information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return nfs_shares information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   routing
truth:  return   return

test:  forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring .
truth: forcibly get a unicode string out of a bytestring . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template __doc__ . 
test:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template
truth:  expected   inclusion_no_params_with_context_from_template

test:  check if a text plain by a given content plain plain text .
truth: check the current pages content based on a substring . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   check

test:  the repository ending of the given string of the given string .
truth: this is much trickier than finding the end of a dict . 
test:  filename   null
truth:  is   null

test:  preprocesses the given image for evaluation .
truth: preprocesses the given image for training . 
test:  preprocesses   null
truth:  preprocesses   null

test:  yaml: html wrapper for html .
truth: yaml: html-publisher this plugin publishes html reports . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get vector3 vertexes from prefix and xml element .
truth: get gear path output . 
test:  get   gear
truth:  get   gear

test:  individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection each time .
truth: individual insert/commit pairs w/ dbapi + connection pool . 
test:  null   individual
truth:  null   individual

test:  converts a dictionary of nanoseconds into its initial mongo-backed .
truth: compute full text of message/service . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  compute   compute

test:  remove all type .
truth: hack around the lazy descriptor used to cache weights for distance calculations . 
test:  clear   null
truth:  hack   hack

test:  truncates a string after a certain number of characters .
truth: smart string truncation . 
test:  truncates   a
truth:  string   string

test:  initialize a nick templates with matching and albums .
truth: initialize the nick templates for matching and remapping a string . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  add the order of the order to update the default order .
truth: adds a loader if none exists for a package . 
test:  add   add
truth:  adds   a

test:  returns a string of the js js code in js .
truth: js has to be a javascript source code . 
test:  return   js
truth:  has   js

test:  tries to determine the current database table .
truth: migrate the database to version or the most recent version . 
test:  issue   null
truth:  migrate   migrate

test:  wale_syslog_facility is not set .
truth: wale_syslog_facility is set . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  lst: a signed 32-bit integer .
truth: internal; write a 32-bit int to a file in little-endian order . 
test:  write   elements
truth:  write   null

test:  sharedvariable only the message along the decorated function .
truth: look up the etymology of a word . 
test:  function   access
truth:  look   up

test:  remove any files that come last updated at mtime .
truth: remove any file in a given path that that was last modified before mtime . 
test:  performs   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  show list of action options for the given options .
truth: list regexp list . 
test:  to   show
truth:  list   regexp

test:  detects if the agent is available and the main function .
truth: fill_none: if name/version is not detected respective key is still added to the result with value none . 
test:  function   function
truth:  if   null

test:  return a list of available languages in the context .
truth: return the language name for the code in locale . 
test:  to   prefix
truth:  return   return

test:  deduce the encoding of a python source file from magic comment .
truth: deduce the encoding of a source file from magic comment . 
test:  return   null
truth:  deduce   null

test:  get the triangle mesh for the loops .
truth: get intersection loops for a pair of loop lists . 
test:  get   difference
truth:  get   intersection

test:  the main function .
truth: handle running this program from the command-line . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  running   running

test:  verify the new-style class the new-style class on the new-style new-style classes :rtype: set the features are keeps from the end of the new-style & correctly .
truth: inheritance from both old & new style classes . 
test:  evaluate   test
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  return data from the minion datastore .
truth: get data from the mine based on the target . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  get   data

test:  generate the sgid css of the sgid with its contents .
truth: checks reorientations of in_dwi w . 
test:  returns   test
truth:  checks   checks

test:  make a list of datasets .
truth: make a list of datasets public . 
test:  update   a
truth:  make   a

test:  this function calls a user .
truth: a more efficient form of check_run_and_monitor that doesnt monitor output . 
test:  to   response
truth:  null   a

test:  returns true if expression is a nnf expression parameters expr : bool returns true or false .
truth: checks if expr is in negation normal form . 
test:  return   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  returns a configuration object from the configuration file specified in the config file .
truth: given a config string from the command line . 
test:  read   a
truth:  given   a

test:  requests specific privacy list .
truth: deletes privacy list listname . 
test:  deletes   apply
truth:  deletes   privacy

test:  returns a list of changed that contain changed on the device .
truth: checks if the remote routes match the local routes . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  guard against invalid .
truth: guard against *slicestruct* having a zero step . 
test:  callback   null
truth:  null   null

test:  sends a get request .
truth: sends a get request . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  debugging wrapper for logging debug log .
truth: log the whole exception in the stack . 
test:  log   logging
truth:  log   log

test:  simulates a member2 user with a member of a member .
truth: require a member user . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   a

test:  construct a tag from an sls clark .
truth: get a human-readable variant of the xml clark notation tag name . 
test:  returns   attempt
truth:  get   a

test:  return the given list of users that are followed by the given group .
truth: return the list of groups that are followed by the given user . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  process the xml element .
truth: process the xml element . 
test:  process   process
truth:  process   process

test:  return a list of all the files found in a given directory .
truth: return the path to top-level directory that contains python modules . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  get new repository .
truth: get the repository constructor . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   get

test:  usage: a torrent file this function reads the ns ns view and returns a dictionary .
truth: usage: lx get-torrent [info-hash|task-id] . 
test:  null   lx
truth:  null   lx

test:  determines if certificate is a certificate level .
truth: determines if a given certificate is a san certificate . 
test:  is   null
truth:  if   null

test:  gets the comment form for the given params and populates the template context with a variable containing that value .
truth: get a form object to post a new comment . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  get   a

test:  returns a dictionary of new status for a particular creator .
truth: helper method for returning the course creator status for a particular user . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  null   method

test:  iterate over type t .
truth: computes the hinge loss for a one-of-many classification task . 
test:  signed   op
truth:  computes   null

test:  parse a string into a list of tags .
truth: parse tags from text . 
test:  parse   a
truth:  parse   tags

test:  test that samphub can be instantiated .
truth: test that samphuberror can be instantiated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list all active vms on the system .
truth: return a list of uuids for active virtual machine on the minion cli example: . 
test:  return   lists
truth:  return   a

test:  test creating a bucket .
truth: trying to create a bucket that already exists should raise an error . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  to   null

test:  update collections subscribers .
truth: update collections subscribers totals . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   collections

test:  convert a string to a string of batches .
truth: convert a sequence of batches back into their string representation . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  derive one key from one location .
truth: derive one key from a password . 
test:  derive   one
truth:  derive   one

test:  shares photos from a viewpoint personal library with existing followers .
truth: shares a list of photos with each of a list of contacts . 
test:  commit   start
truth:  null   a

test:  undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 .
truth: undo monkey-patching by :func:inject_into_urllib3 . 
test:  undo   undo
truth:  undo   undo

test:  return a list of all available cloud provider images .
truth: the negation of a query . 
test:  list   params
truth:  null   negation

test:  split and return all hosts from a list of hosts .
truth: returns list of cleaned hosts by clean_host . 
test:  returns   remove
truth:  list   list

test:  get meta for given doctype .
truth: get frappe . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   frappe

test:  run a command to pickle .
truth: load cached arguments . 
test:  to   network
truth:  cached   load

test:  get current audio delay .
truth: get current audio delay . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   current

test:  return the number of args for a function .
truth: find the number of arguments a function or method takes . 
test:  return   f
truth:  find   find

test:  computes multivariate guass-legendre quadrature nodes and weights .
truth: computes multivariate trapezoid rule quadrature nodes and weights . 
test:  match   nodes
truth:  multivariate   multivariate

test:  convert text .
truth: iteratively yield tokens as unicode strings . 
test:  text   a
truth:  yield   null

test:  returns an iterator over a socket .
truth: returns a generator of frames read from socket . 
test:  to   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert an image to 16-bit signed integer format .
truth: convert an image to 16-bit unsigned integer format . 
test:  changes   read
truth:  convert   convert

test:  retrieve a signal .
truth: identify all listening processes within the given namespace . 
test:  signal   a
truth:  identify   null

test:  display the list of ssh templates .
truth: show information and manipulate with ssh key . 
test:  -   null
truth:  show   information

test:  create and writes docstring-dictionary to file .
truth: create and write docstring-dictionary to file . 
test:  write   create
truth:  create   create

test:  get the stroke radius .
truth: get the stroke radius . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  inserts a sql query into a model .
truth: inserts a new record for the given model . 
test:  inserts   a
truth:  inserts   a

test:  returns the edxnotes id for the authenticated user .
truth: returns generated id token for edxnotes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  generated   returns

test:  make sure expressions can produce integers .
truth: make sure that integers are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  convert a value to a string for matching string .
truth: convert a value to a unicode object for matching with a query . 
test:  return   converts
truth:  convert   a

test:  github issue #1005: .
truth: valid coordinates should not raise an error . 
test:  test   test
truth:  coordinates   coordinates

test:  converts a datetime object to the native date string .
truth: converts a datetime instance to an http date string . 
test:  converts   datetime
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager that ignores exception and setting exception during the context .
truth: save current exception . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  save   current

test:  returns an instance of the appropriate file .
truth: creates an open file dialog and returns a filename . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  subroutine to create a canvas widget .
truth: subroutine to create a canvas . 
test:  to   subroutine
truth:  to   subroutine

test:  language: zh-tw -> sucess outlines colorless .
truth: language: zh-cn -> sucess outlines colorless . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return a dictionary like: the given set of values .
truth: return the first node by mro order that defines an attribute . 
test:  look   null
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the inverse loglikelihood function .
truth: finds mu and sigma corresponding to a binomial . 
test:  normalize   function
truth:  finds   null

test:  complete authentication with the given challenge .
truth: generate the response for a hybi-00 challenge . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  generate   generate

test:  create the default rules for each season .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  removes   null
truth:  null   builder

test:  set the default service to start at boot cli example: .
truth: manually set the alternative <path> for <name> . 
test:  set   changes
truth:  set   set

test:  ensure a resource is present .
truth: generic resource . 
test:  returns   helper
truth:  null   resource

test:  sends an email to a task with a time .
truth: send multipart email recipient email recipient address subject email subject header template plain text template to send template_html html template to send as new message part context a dictionary to pass into the template calls . 
test:  null   task
truth:  send   multipart

test:  returns a mask that is a interpreted ip value of n .
truth: check the validity of a prefix checks if the variant part of a prefix only has 0s . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  return a list of all the ending lines of the given list of lines .
truth: retrieve the line ending of the original source . 
test:  return   return
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  when a custom logging module is updated .
truth: installs the logging hook if it was not installed yet . 
test:  docstring   install
truth:  installs   null

test:  return the path to the scripts for an absolute path .
truth: return the path to a sibling of a file in the filesystem . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  unregister models .
truth: unregister models . 
test:  unregister   models
truth:  unregister   models

test:  checks the prefix is a valid string which is not too long and gets the string name is not too long .
truth: checks if the untokenized or tokenized prefix field is a valid string . 
test:  checks   returns
truth:  if   checks

test:  get all urls linked to a relase .
truth: get urls by actual url string . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   urls

test:  if the environment variable w3af_processes is set to 1 .
truth: if the environment variable w3af_pytracemalloc is set to 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  wrapper around allowing .
truth: completed the values of the expected config for the edge cases with the default values . 
test:  checking   override
truth:  null   null

test:  return true if encoding is ascii .
truth: given an encoding this figures out if the encoding is actually ascii . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  given   null

test:  writes quality scores to a file in ascii format .
truth: writes a list of to filehandle . 
test:  writes   a
truth:  writes   a

test:  decoder doing a cross job .
truth: encoder doing double url encode . 
test:  null   a
truth:  doing   encoder

test:  decode a bson string to python timestamp .
truth: decode a bson timestamp to bson . 
test:  get   a
truth:  decode   a

test:  takes article or related to article model .
truth: takes article or related to article model . 
test:  returns   article
truth:  takes   article

test:  like tornado .
truth: common handler executed before all flask requests . 
test:  executes   a
truth:  null   handler

test:  user logout page .
truth: user logout . 
test:  complete   flask
truth:  logout   logout

test:  compare two float and paths to given floats .
truth: given finite floats expected and got . 
test:  to   check
truth:  finite   finite

test:  convert a file path to an sls path .
truth: check if two paths point to the same actual file on the filesystem . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  if   check

test:  return a dictionary containing key-value pairs for cur_time - last_update .
truth: return difference between cur_val - last_val . 
test:  rate   rate
truth:  return   difference

test:  returns a dict with all the groups corresponding to a list of project groups .
truth: gets the groups roles in a given project . 
test:  project   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  computes the hermite likelihood estimator .
truth: detrend an array with a trend of given order along axis 0 or 1 parameters x : array_like . 
test:  return   use
truth:  null   null

test:  handle macosx_deployment_target .
truth: process an image and save the results in a file . 
test:  process   value
truth:  process   process

test:  public routine to do the external view .
truth: returns an external url for the given url . 
test:  certificate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  does necessary setup to allow it to be stored .
truth: get the app id from the remote server . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a set of yaml strings to be used as a dataset .
truth: returns yaml representation of dataset . 
test:  returns   tsv
truth:  returns   yaml

test:  generate a command to use for the given name .
truth: lookup a command . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  lookup   a

test:  only load the module if lvm is installed .
truth: mdadm provides raid functions for linux . 
test:  make   check
truth:  provides   null

test:  individual insert/commit pairs using core .
truth: a single core insert construct inserting mappings in bulk . 
test:  insert   find
truth:  null   a

test:  makes an absolute absolute uri .
truth: magic to make an absolute url . 
test:  return   a
truth:  to   magic

test:  publish all public pages in a given query .
truth: create published public version of selected drafts . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  published   create

test:  delete the named group cli example: .
truth: remove the named group cli example: . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   remove

test:  perform a ruby action with a ruby .
truth: execute a ruby command with rbenvs shims using a specific ruby version cli example: . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  output the blocks data .
truth: dir directory_name . 
test:  function   information
truth:  null   dir

test:  returns a module .
truth: helper method for defining new modules . 
test:  given   function
truth:  null   method

test:  checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate .
truth: checks if given fingerprint matches the supplied certificate . 
test:  checks   null
truth:  if   checks

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  return a dict with the roles that are in the given permission .
truth: returns the roles with the permission requested . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the releases of the specified episode .
truth: return all releases for a given episode . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   return

test:  return lvm version from hadoop cli example: .
truth: shows installed version of dnsmasq . 
test:  server   server
truth:  installed   shows

test:  returns the first environment variable set .
truth: returns the first environment variable set if none are non-empty . 
test:  returns   search
truth:  returns   returns

test:  user tries to get shipping summary step step step step step step for shipping method step step step .
truth: user tries to get summary step without saved shipping method - if is redirected to shipping method step . 
test:  tries   user
truth:  tries   user

test:  adjust the subplot layout .
truth: call signature:: subplots_adjust tune the subplot layout via the :class:matplotlib . 
test:  tune   null
truth:  call   call

test:  use a binary label to find a given binary label .
truth: return bool array where boundaries between labeled regions are true . 
test:  to   management
truth:  return   bool

test:  mm status section 9 .
truth: mm null section 9 . 
test:  null   measurement
truth:  null   null

test:  create a fastq filepath with fasta and write filtered filtered list of fasta information to each fasta file .
truth: makes a fastq file for each library warning: this implementation reads everything into memory . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables .
truth: validates and manipulates keyword arguments by user defined callables . 
test:  validates   validates
truth:  validates   validates

test:  update user email in basket .
truth: update user emails in basket . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   user

test:  return a unique integer within a set of llist order .
truth: return a list of the elements in list . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  an xri object allowing comparison of xri .
truth: normalize an xri . 
test:  normalize   xri
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  check if the tuples of w is less than w .
truth: check that w_dyad is a valid dyadic completion of w . 
test:  null   return
truth:  check   check

test:  returns an object .
truth: xxx: document me . 
test:  return   console
truth:  document   document

test:  notify a list_user_unsubscribed event .
truth: notify a list_member_added event . 
test:  notify   a
truth:  notify   a

test:  returns a list of eventrenderers from a dictionary of locale .
truth: load locales data from languages . 
test:  get   a
truth:  load   locales

test:  find the quality q of a given mime-type against a list of media_ranges that have already been parsed by parse_media_range() .
truth: find the best match for a mime-type amongst parsed media-ranges . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  select a select by value .
truth: selects a html select element by matching value attribute . 
test:  selects   null
truth:  selects   a

test:  return a default list of fuzzy with the same name .
truth: import a variable based on a fuzzy path . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  import   a

test:  helper function to log a single channel .
truth: log channel information . 
test:  have   a
truth:  log   channel

test:  compute greatest factorial factorization of f .
truth: return a list of degrees of f in all variables . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  return   a

test:  shuts down the server and log the server .
truth: shutdown the connection to the proxied device . 
test:  shutdown   shutdown
truth:  shutdown   shutdown

test:  return a list of all minions .
truth: return a list of minions . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all options from salt .
truth: get the pushover options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  test for issue #370 .
truth: test format function . 
test:  objects   test
truth:  format   format

test:  sets the content of the cached content to the cached content .
truth: stores the given piece of content in the cache . 
test:  content   content
truth:  stores   stores

test:  unpause a gcode linear move text .
truth: feed a gcode linear move text . 
test:  feed   a
truth:  feed   a

test:  yaml: openshift-svc-verify verify a service is up in openshift for the job .
truth: yaml: openshift-build-verify performs the equivalent of an oc get builds command invocation for the provided buildconfig key provided; once the list of builds are obtained . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  a helper for parse_results() .
truth: pairwise correlation of columns of two dataframe objects parameters returns y : series . 
test:  find   null
truth:  correlation   correlation

test:  creates a query to filter documents based on filterform arguments .
truth: creates a generic query to filter documents . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  compute a spectrogram of data in *x* .
truth: compute the power spectral density . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  rm a job by name .
truth: remove the specified job from the server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  fetches the rights for the given exploration .
truth: retrieves the rights for this exploration from the datastore . 
test:  fetches   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  loads all parameters from this file .
truth: loads the parameter values saved by :func:dump . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  a decorator that keeps a function to run a hash of the given function .
truth: cacheit + code to check cache consistency . 
test:  wrap   a
truth:  null   +

test:  test updating the cache data when cache is not activated .
truth: insert data when cache is deactivated . 
test:  test   test
truth:  insert   data

test:  returns the first hour of the first hour of the first hour bytes from each series .
truth: calcuate the simple average over one hour . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  null   null

test:  wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod .
truth: wrapper for :py:func:cmdmod . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  read a unsigned encoded byte .
truth: read a value using the unsigned . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  creates a new paste paste .
truth: creates a new paste using bpaste . 
test:  creates   function
truth:  creates   a

test:  serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream .
truth: serialize a sequence of python objects into a yaml stream . 
test:  serialize   null
truth:  serialize   a

test:  get carved text .
truth: get chopped text . 
test:  get   scale
truth:  get   get

test:  function to return a ipc frame .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol for ipc for ipc . 
test:  renders   create
truth:  null   frame

test:  add list of handlers to an existing list of handlers .
truth: registers the commands that run the embedded web server . 
test:  add   null
truth:  registers   null

test:  return an postgres execution of an actionexecution execution .
truth: marks execution as abandoned if it is still incomplete . 
test:  retrieves   style
truth:  marks   execution

test:  determine if the user is masquerading as masquerading for the student .
truth: returns true if the user is a staff member masquerading as a student . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parse the error response to a http response .
truth: creates a new exception and sets the http information in the error . 
test:  returns   parse
truth:  creates   a

test:  display a new review web page .
truth: displays the new review request ui . 
test:  display   view
truth:  displays   null

test:  encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 .
truth: encode the given c{unicode} string using the imap4 specific variation of utf-7 . 
test:  encode   encode
truth:  encode   encode

test:  print a list of cloudpipe .
truth: print a list of all cloudpipe instances . 
test:  list   list
truth:  print   a

test:  set the mask for the current channel .
truth: set the mask to use for . 
test:  set   null
truth:  set   set

test:  check for coverage images .
truth: checks whether all images are described in parsefiles_config . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  release media discover object .
truth: release media descriptors elementary streams description array . 
test:  release   media
truth:  release   media

test:  return the last modification time as a file .
truth: return the last modification time of a file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  test help command for existing command .
truth: test help command for non-existing command . 
test:  help   null
truth:  help   help

test:  create an image with the given location .
truth: create a blank virtual machine image file of the specified size in megabytes . 
test:  creates   image
truth:  create   a

test:  wait to see table .
truth: wait to see drop output . 
test:  to   null
truth:  to   null

test:  renders a template with a dictionary and interpolates the name .
truth: render a template using the lms mako_templates . 
test:  load   a
truth:  render   a

test:  restart a service .
truth: restart openstack service immediately . 
test:  restart   a
truth:  restart   openstack

test:  try to dbfield data with values from either a function or instance of fn .
truth: try fn with the db field_class by walking its mro until a result is found . 
test:  needs   try
truth:  try   fn

test:  password reset .
truth: attempts to send a password reset e-mail . 
test:  reset   null
truth:  to   attempts

test:  the behavior of 3 .
truth: the behavior of 3 . 
test:  null   behavior
truth:  null   behavior

test:  construct a polynomial of the simple recurrence of a simple interval .
truth: detects and returns a recurrence relation from a sequence of several integer terms . 
test:  return   compute
truth:  detects   null

test:  add an attribute .
truth: add cage and groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   add

test:  cleans tab completion .
truth: enables readline tab completion using the system specific syntax . 
test:  control   null
truth:  enables   readline

test:  rename a module to the appropriate module .
truth: returns the changed source or none if there is no changes . 
test:  change   replace
truth:  returns   returns

test:  split the cluster size in a cluster size .
truth: extract the size of a cluster from the header line . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  fit a single estimator .
truth: check if self is returned when calling fit . 
test:  test   a
truth:  if   check

test:  returns a simple nearest xmin .
truth: return n values logarithmically spaced between xmin and xmax . 
test:  like   transform
truth:  return   n

test:  returns string unicode strings obtained by the given value .
truth: returns safe representation of a given basestring value . 
test:  look   replace
truth:  returns   returns

test:  base : base | base | base | base | base | base | base field_type base | base field_type base | base | base | base | base |
truth: base_type : bool | byte | i16 | i32 | i64 | double | string | binary . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the right byte code of two numbers .
truth: convert a pdh error code . 
test:  returns   code
truth:  convert   a

test:  return a checksum digest for a file .
truth: return a checksum digest for a file infile a file path checksum : md5 the hashing algorithm to use to generate checksums . 
test:  opens   event
truth:  return   a

test:  group statuses: restful crud controller .
truth: group member roles: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   member

test:  updates the model for an event .
truth: updates a model . 
test:  updates   update
truth:  updates   a

test:  decode encoded data -> gzip encoded data -> gzip encoded data -> gzip encoded data -> gzip encoded data -> unencoded .
truth: gzip encoded data -> unencoded data decode data using the gzip content encoding as described in rfc 1952 . 
test:  encoded   data
truth:  encoded   gzip

test:  removes a dataset .
truth: purge a dataset . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  purge   a

test:  extracts code from function name and returns a subclass of function names .
truth: return code handled by function . 
test:  extracts   attempts
truth:  code   code

test:  check that the password matches the hashed password .
truth: check a hashed password . 
test:  return   function
truth:  check   a

test:  set traffic server was put within option .
truth: was option set by the user or does it differ from the default? . 
test:  null   key
truth:  was   option

test:  publish a file .
truth: send file to a hipchat room via api version 2 parameters token : str hipchat api version 2 compatible token - must be token for active user room: str name or api id of the room to notify filepath: str full path of file to be sent message: str . 
test:  publish   method
truth:  file   file

test:  formats the correct line of a list of objects .
truth: return a tabular representation of tracked objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a boolean value that can be stored in tool .
truth: redirect all unauthenticated requests to the login page . 
test:  to   null
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return true if the minion id matches the given tgt target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression .
truth: return true if the minion id matches the given glob target minion_id specify the minion id to match against the target expression . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  perform a n-d image on a sphere image .
truth: tv denoising for a 4d input . 
test:  apply   apply
truth:  null   tv

test:  converts newlines to python source file .
truth: given a list of command-line argument bytestrings . 
test:  return   null
truth:  given   a

test:  gets an implementation of a cassandra .
truth: helper function for future . 
test:  to   null
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a new periodic object .
truth: maximum number of files that can be opened on a system - samba sets this to 16k by default to meet a windows minimum value . 
test:  null   set
truth:  null   number

test:  volunteer hours controller .
truth: volunteer activity hours controller - used for imports & reports . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   activity

test:  performs rendering using template_string instead of a file .
truth: a shortcut for testing template output . 
test:  rendered   a
truth:  shortcut   shortcut

test:  return the version of the operating system .
truth: return implementation version . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   implementation

test:  get configured rules for uploaded .
truth: return a data structure of the rules in the conf file cli example: . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  return the indexes index for a given *typ* .
truth: create and return an error document . 
test:  creates   error
truth:  create   create

test:  creates a mock command for commands .
truth: create options parser with automatically generated command help . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   options

test:  generate random images for the given file .
truth: generate number plate images . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  generate   number

test:  wrap a function so that its guaranteed to use the current field of the wrapped function .
truth: decorator for generated content methods . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this is a sort sort of indexes indexes .
truth: helper to generate an index specifying document . 
test:  null   access
truth:  to   helper

test:  return a relative to color by multiprocessing with matplotlib color .
truth: calculate the relative luminance of a color according to w3c standards parameters color : matplotlib color or sequence of matplotlib colors hex code . 
test:  return   a
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  given a source file .
truth: given a list of from clauses and a selectable . 
test:  find   null
truth:  given   a

test:  convert seconds since epoch to epoch .
truth: convert a cim_datetime string to microseconds since epoch . 
test:  given   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  statement : integer command newline .
truth: statement : integer newline . 
test:  null   statement
truth:  null   statement

test:  returns a string from a number .
truth: convert integer to a-p string representation . 
test:  converts   data
truth:  convert   integer

test:  convert a string value to a bool value .
truth: convert string to boolean value . 
test:  string   a
truth:  string   string

test:  returns true if a is a b .
truth: same as a is b . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  list all logging classes .
truth: convenience function for apiv2 usage: concatenates parts of the absolute api url based on arguments provided for example: given path_str = /nodes/abcd3/contributors/ and params {filter[fullname]: bob} . 
test:  is   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read a pcap file .
truth: read cross-talk correction matrix . 
test:  read   time
truth:  read   read

test:  retrieves the given batch .
truth: add a new batchjob to upload operations to . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   a

test:  linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in y .
truth: linearly interpolates values in new_x based on the values in x and y parameters x : array_like independent values y : array_like dependent values new_x : array_like the x values to return the interpolated y values . 
test:  solve   null
truth:  interpolates   null

test:  compile a dictionary containing no directories found in the current working directory .
truth: compile user dictionary . 
test:  passing   a
truth:  compile   user

test:  adds the arg to the value .
truth: adds the arg to the value . 
test:  adds   a
truth:  adds   null

test:  return the data for values that return the salt data .
truth: return the raw values of the config file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the environment variables of the python interpreter .
truth: sets up the dlls directory . 
test:  set   set
truth:  sets   up

test:  project users view shows the available users with a user as he .
truth: project users view and form view . 
test:  project   project
truth:  project   users

test:  emits that the model changed on the old user has changed .
truth: emits an event for a change in a setting . 
test:  fetches   users
truth:  emits   null

test:  start a service on the rest server .
truth: start a "service" on the rest server . 
test:  start   a
truth:  start   a

test:  normal label label label .
truth: default html for labels of required form fields . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  default   html

test:  return a minimal graph that is minimal .
truth: create a dictionary containing all needed comment fields as returned by the comments service with dummy data and optional overrides . 
test:  return   information
truth:  create   a

test:  simple simple reldict: entry to analyze it .
truth: docstring for simple_entry_analyze . 
test:  null   check
truth:  docstring   docstring

test:  copies the descriptor to the java files .
truth: parent copy loop . 
test:  copy   user
truth:  copy   copy

test:  negates scaler .
truth: performs the scaler-row multiplication element-wise . 
test:  negates   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  return true if *uri* is from a map .
truth: like bucket() . 
test:  null   url
truth:  like   like

test:  check if a service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   cast
truth:  null   inverse

test:  disassociate the given security group from the given instance .
truth: disassociate the given security group from the given instance . 
test:  purge   null
truth:  disassociate   null

test:  set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to summer and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  helper to pad a method to a dict .
truth: pads an authentication methods dict to contain all auth backends supported by the software . 
test:  mark   null
truth:  pads   null

test:  scan a log message for the scan .
truth: retrieve a subset of log messages . 
test:  files   null
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  add the lower case to python source .
truth: split path into all its components . 
test:  insert   path
truth:  split   path

test:  calculate the padding of any alignment in the alignment .
truth: returns byte padding required to move the base pointer into proper alignment . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  byte   byte

test:  given the most appropriate field name and a guess .
truth: tries to guess the field type . 
test:  guess   attempts
truth:  to   null

test:  computes the hamming distance between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the hamming distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  computes   null

test:  use this function to convert a message to a specific slightly value .
truth: presents the user with a dialog where a choice can be made . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  presents   null

test:  move and multi-class the image .
truth: crops the given image using the provided offsets and sizes . 
test:  null   image
truth:  crops   null

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  listen for events based on configuration .
truth: listen for events based on configuration . 
test:  listen   null
truth:  listen   null

test:  disables learning in the cla models temporal pooler .
truth: disables learning in the cla models spatial pooler . 
test:  disables   learning
truth:  disables   learning

test:  like tornado .
truth: prepares a self contained tarball that has the state to be applied in the container . 
test:  prepare   a
truth:  prepares   a

test:  set a service in output state .
truth: set a host in down state . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   a

test:  get all consistencygroups .
truth: get all non-deleted qos specs . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  sorted sorted .
truth: yields sorted tuples . 
test:  is   null
truth:  sorted   null

test:  remove x .
truth: removes a mine at a specific coordinate . 
test:  remove   test
truth:  removes   a

test:  return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: .
truth: return cputime used by the vms on this hyper in a list of dicts: . 
test:  return   display
truth:  return   cputime

test:  initialize the module as appropriate for init .
truth: load config from a json file . 
test:  opens   null
truth:  config   config

test:  returns public statistics .
truth: helper function for sum simplification if limits is specified . 
test:  calculate   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  return the name of the codec name .
truth: return the python codec name corresponding to an encoding or none if the string doesnt correspond to a valid encoding . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a bytes object to a unicode string .
truth: converts a bytes string with python source code to unicode . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  run a number of input data .
truth: n is the number of neurons in both fully-connected layers . 
test:  to   bound
truth:  is   n

test:  returns true if the pem bytes of a function .
truth: convert a pem-encoded byte string into a der-encoded byte string . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  convert   a

test:  split a module into a module and add it to the function .
truth: create a copy of __salt__ dictionary with module . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  create   a

test:  take a k[x] polynomial in k[x] .
truth: take a continuous subsequence of terms of f in x_j in k[x] . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  take   a

test:  retain vertical spacing before comments .
truth: retain vertical spacing between two tokens . 
test:  retain   null
truth:  retain   null

test:  a generator that returns a generator that yields tokens and all tokens .
truth: turn tokens into "json-compatible" data structures . 
test:  token   multiple
truth:  tokens   tokens

test:  omnibus test immediately .
truth: run core tests in vm . 
test:  test   console
truth:  run   core

test:  label rgb colors .
truth: takes tuple and returns an rgb color rgb . 
test:  converts   filter
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  splits string into a string with titlified elements separated by byte strings .
truth: splits the text by putting at the point size . 
test:  split   string
truth:  splits   null

test:  remove a service .
truth: delete a service . 
test:  delete   remove
truth:  delete   a

test:  runs the command with the given banner .
truth: returns ------ cmd ------ cmd_output in a string . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  returns   returns

test:  determines appropriate setting for a given request .
truth: determines appropriate setting for a given request . 
test:  determines   null
truth:  determines   null

test:  formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings .
truth: formats a layout list so we can pass the result to ttk::style layout and ttk::style settings . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  yields all modules .
truth: yields all testsuites . 
test:  yields   null
truth:  yields   null

test:  return the graph of g .
truth: return communicability between all pairs of nodes in g . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  return a default pprint of the original object .
truth: used by loadobjects to create rowobject instances . 
test:  return   method
truth:  used   null

test:  load a log file from a json recording .
truth: return json file listing for given image id download the specified layer and determine the file contents . 
test:  constructs   json
truth:  return   json

test:  from bug 6 .
truth: issue 4 - handle datetime string without timezone this tests what happens when you parse a date with no timezone . 
test:  null   register
truth:  issue   issue

test:  list all active games for the current active games .
truth: returns a list of all active games . 
test:  shows   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the rtd version .
truth: return the docs version string reported in the rtd site . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  given a clsid .
truth: rebuild the cache indexes from the file system . 
test:  loop   element
truth:  rebuild   null

test:  return the line descendants where the given node is the matrix .
truth: returns the set of all nodes descended in some way through left branches from this node . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get for project .
truth: get for project . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns a manager object specifying specifying the number of curve .
truth: create an ecdsa . 
test:  import   a
truth:  create   create

test:  create dask array from a stack .
truth: load dask array from stack of npy files see da . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  load   dask

test:  check converted to digital digital and return the nearest type .
truth: helper to validate a sos input . 
test:  confirm   datetime
truth:  to   helper

test:  append the flup-style maps to the already maps .
truth: get the process numa related info from numa_maps . 
test:  parse   read
truth:  get   get

test:  verify that the test expect .
truth: test to ensure that when using option --exclude-module=xml . 
test:  test   null
truth:  to   test

test:  return a beautifulsoup x data containing the data for the given data .
truth: helper to get city data . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  to   helper

test:  return the currently active user as a tuple .
truth: gets the current user of the current request . 
test:  gets   returns
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns the sequence of permutations of a sequence .
truth: characteristic values for oblate spheroidal wave functions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   values

test:  run the discovery entry in the cache .
truth: run the default widget discovery and return a :class:widgetregistry instance . 
test:  handle   cache
truth:  run   run

test:  os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use .
truth: os-specific conversion from a relative url of the file scheme to a file system path; not recommended for general use . 
test:  null   conversion
truth:  null   conversion

test:  returns a result of jenkins from the current api .
truth: convert a jenkins job result in to a value from jenkinsresults . 
test:  read   non
truth:  convert   a

test:  return effective bundle name .
truth: this is a helper used both in the urls() and the build() recursions . 
test:  return   get
truth:  is   null

test:  helper to retrieve a url and a bokeh weird server .
truth: helper function to create an httpconnection object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  function   function

test:  get a list of all keys with name specified .
truth: gets all keys or filters them by name and returns a list . 
test:  get   a
truth:  gets   null

test:  find all of the keys in a dictionary .
truth: s: string . 
test:  find   i
truth:  string   string

test:  deletes a cluster or a cluster .
truth: delete a cluster . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  dict of the specified network configuration file cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion config: pull the data from the system configuration file instead of the live data . 
test:  return   information
truth:  return   a

test:  converts an xml string into a xml definition .
truth: creates a new gdataentry instance given a string of xml . 
test:  convert   in
truth:  creates   a

test:  same as a lstrips b .
truth: removes the string remove from the both sides of text . 
test:  null   return
truth:  removes   null

test:  pull out the tag from source .
truth: maps the tag from the source tagset to the target tagset . 
test:  using   source
truth:  maps   maps

test:  returns a gzipped file with the specified path and data in the gzip dir .
truth: create a gzipped file in the same directory with a filepath . 
test:  returns   open
truth:  create   a

test:  ensure the rabbitmq vhost exists .
truth: ensure the named policy is absent reference: url name the name of the policy to remove runas name of the user to run the command as . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  cubic spline spline cli examples: .
truth: compute the kernel weights see keys . 
test:  is   a
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of all the requests counter counter .
truth: a list with all the known fuzzable requests by this scanner . 
test:  scale   list
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the physical physical mapping for a given unit .
truth: given a unit . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  given   a

test:  open a url to open the database .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  null   a
truth:  opens   a

test:  return a list of lists for domain if resolve has a record .
truth: return a list of lists for the mx of domain . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  writes a document .
truth: binhex: create binhex-encoded copy of a file . 
test:  -   instances
truth:  create   create

test:  helper method to format the national number with the permissions .
truth: formats a phone number in national format for dialing using the carrier as specified in the preferred_domestic_carrier_code field of the phonenumber object passed in . 
test:  copy   like
truth:  formats   a

test:  registers a string in the format of 383: .
truth: turn newlines into <br/> . 
test:  allow   null
truth:  newlines   newlines

test:  make the html form: for the given addons so it is the first field_id .
truth: initialize each addon in settings . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  find the raw raw header mapping .
truth: get all headers of a given name in a message . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  validates that the value of the thrift transport is between 0 and those errors .
truth: validate that the provided thrift transport is supported . 
test:  if   check
truth:  validate   validate

test:  initialise module .
truth: initialise module . 
test:  module   module
truth:  module   module

test:  converts a path into a long key .
truth: returns a string to represent a key . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  only load if boto is available .
truth: only load if boto is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  get response for when transport=cli .
truth: get response for when transport=cli . 
test:  get   response
truth:  get   response

test:  attempts to connect to the specified test .
truth: returns true if connection success . 
test:  check   test
truth:  returns   returns

test:  checks whether two iterators are equal .
truth: check whether two chemical equations are the same . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  check if a starts with empty strings .
truth: creates an empty strings dict by default . 
test:  increment   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  convert repr to unicode .
truth: returns a string representation of an object . 
test:  sends   obj
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the llamalab automate notification service .
truth: get the gntp notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  given a url .
truth: given a url . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  get all consistency groups in a project .
truth: retrieves all groups in a project . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  returns a list of weighted values for the weighted mean .
truth: weighted mean uses params and makes weighed mean of inlist . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  get container diffs container container id cli example: .
truth: private port mapping allocation information . 
test:  list   check
truth:  port   port

test:  returns a check that tries to be used with a different name .
truth: returns check name . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  computes the indices along the given axis of an axis .
truth: returns the minimum of an array or the minimum along an axis . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  struct_declaration_list : struct_declaration .
truth: struct_declarator_list : struct_declarator . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   struct_declarator_list

test:  formats a color inside a color string .
truth: generate a hex string code from a qcolor . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  flip the tree tree .
truth: flips the tree by pivoting the children from bottom to top . 
test:  attribute   null
truth:  flips   null

test:  mean absolute error function .
truth: mean absolute error function . 
test:  create   mean
truth:  mean   mean

test:  break the jaccard matrix into one element of x .
truth: considering the rows of x as vectors . 
test:  null   null
truth:  considering   null

test:  the django builtin server fails if the django server is not available .
truth: the harvest command should take a --port argument . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   harvest

test:  convert a base64 error code to a larger type for use with the current thread .
truth: this method is registered as ofp_error_to_jsondict method into ryu . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   method

test:  given a list of items:: .
truth: merge two or more mapping columns into one column . 
test:  combine   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  using the specified course_id .
truth: let the user know what nupic config file is being used and whether or not they have mysql set up correctly for swarming . 
test:  provide   fake
truth:  let   null

test:  create an implementation of the type for a given interface .
truth: create a proxy type for interface which also overrides comparison to return a particular result . 
test:  constructs   module
truth:  create   a

test:  compares two .
truth: returns the corename of a file . 
test:  creates   filename
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a list of available networks .
truth: get all brocade specific networks . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  find the corresponding next .
truth: find the corresponding > to close a template . 
test:  find   null
truth:  find   find

test:  displays a jinja prices with an mpl server .
truth: return true if price display options has show prices enabled . 
test:  display   a
truth:  return   return

test:  adds or preloading attributes to an be: .
truth: a decorator that maintains the attribute lock state of an object it coperates with the lockattributesmetaclass that replaces the __setattr__ method with a custom one that checks the _canaddattributes counter and allows setting new attributes only if _canaddattributes > 0 . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  compute the hex encoded format as a long-running encoded string .
truth: calculates fletcher-16 checksum of the given buffer . 
test:  running   null
truth:  calculates   fletcher-16

test:  test reading of latitude positions .
truth: test get/set functions for sensor positions . 
test:  control   test
truth:  test   test

test:  check that the messages of a dictionary is a valid dictionary .
truth: check window position input . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   window

test:  returns a dict of parameters from the given parameters .
truth: rewrite attributes to match the kwarg naming convention in client . 
test:  return   helper
truth:  attributes   attributes

test:  get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig .
truth: get the hardware address on unix by running ifconfig . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  finds the induced that contains a induced of g .
truth: returns the set of induced nodes in the path from s to t . 
test:  find   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  apply a facilitys handle to an progress_precent file .
truth: breaks up a genbank file into seqrecord objects for each cds feature . 
test:  parse   create
truth:  breaks   up

test:  connect to a host string .
truth: this parses a host connection string in the form username:password@hostname:port . 
test:  search   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  return a list of nodes connected to settings .
truth: format a single file event . 
test:  format   a
truth:  format   a

test:  return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the callable .
truth: return a string indicating that the callable was deprecated in the given version . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  this function patches the cache header by adding all keyword arguments to it .
truth: this function patches the cache-control header by adding all keyword arguments to it . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  restore a trashed folder from plotly .
truth: restore a trashed . 
test:  restore   a
truth:  restore   a

test:  test installing a package with a site installed .
truth: test installing parent directory . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  given two axes .
truth: generates html formatted diff of two strings . 
test:  null   null
truth:  generates   html

test:  return a list of running running running running running running running the installed data .
truth: lists running nspawn containers . 
test:  list   return
truth:  running   running

test:  create the default exception instance .
truth: enable darklang by default when it is installed . 
test:  create   a
truth:  enable   enable

test:  return true if *obj* looks like a string .
truth: return true if *obj* looks like a string . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  decorator to mark a function to be triggered .
truth: mark a function as public . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  mark   a

test:  return the line number of the line that is bounding as a line .
truth: obtain line number information for a node . 
test:  fill   return
truth:  obtain   line

test:  formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage of x .
truth: formats a distance as a colorized similarity percentage string . 
test:  text   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  returns a list of lines representing one or more label ids .
truth: make dict of lib:ids . 
test:  null   null
truth:  make   dict

test:  finds whether the given path is a valid directory .
truth: find a file in a search path . 
test:  find   a
truth:  find   a

test:  do a request to main page .
truth: this would not be needed if geoserver rest did not require admin role and is an inefficient way of getting this information . 
test:  uploads   function
truth:  null   null

test:  checks if all of the previous databases as part of the database .
truth: syncs a doctype to the table * creates if required * updates columns * updates indices . 
test:  perform   async
truth:  null   a

test:  retrieve a general file from plotly without needing a fid .
truth: retrieve a grid file from plotly without needing a fid . 
test:  retrieve   a
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  set url for remote remote .
truth: set app remote url . 
test:  run   guess
truth:  set   app

test:  redirect to the specified authentication .
truth: redirect preserving response messages . 
test:  runs   cache
truth:  redirect   redirect

test:  return homebrew_packages information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return xprotect_entries information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  return   normalize
truth:  return   return

test:  release the old wheel hook .
truth: release pyzmq . 
test:  release   null
truth:  release   pyzmq

test:  sample from 1-hot 1-hot .
truth: sample a final epsilon value to anneal towards from a distribution . 
test:  turn   list
truth:  sample   a

test:  validate a google storage bucket name .
truth: validates the name of the bucket against s3 criteria . 
test:  to   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  convert a string for a keys path to a string .
truth: generates a string representing a keys path . 
test:  given   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  launch a subplot tool window for *targetfig* .
truth: launch a subplot tool window for a figure . 
test:  launch   a
truth:  launch   a

test:  compute polynomial gcd over a field in gf(p)[x] .
truth: compute polynomial gcd and cofactors in gf(p)[x] . 
test:  compute   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  from: for console .
truth: this gives ops the ability to change the topic . 
test:  enable   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  get_conf() -> confparse object for core-site .
truth: get_conf() -> confparse object for hive-site . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   null

test:  adds a plugin metadata to the queue .
truth: add documentation annotations to the decorated function . 
test:  loads   a
truth:  add   documentation

test:  returns the canonical paths of the given paths .
truth: given a sequence of :class:path objects and optional :class:~matplotlib . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  given   a

test:  warning: this should not be a json object .
truth: uri-decode and then json-decode the given document . 
test:  function   json
truth:  null   null

test:  compute the shrink tensor x : float32 the row of x .
truth: x : a theano tensortype variable w : a theano integer scalar returns: y: a theano tensortype variable containing all but the borders of x . 
test:  leading   x
truth:  null   x

test:  updates the list of cart counter for the user or cart .
truth: return number of items from cart . 
test:  get   cart
truth:  return   number

test:  check if data is normal correctly .
truth: check_normal_basic runs a basic sanity check on the normal method of a curand_randomstreams object . 
test:  test   function
truth:  runs   runs

test:  flatten a list .
truth: flatten -> list returns a single . 
test:  flatten   a
truth:  flatten   null

test:  iterates over a chunk of strings and a chunk of bytes .
truth: helper for the line and chunk iter functions . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a new server .
truth: creates a new httpserver for an application . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  initialize all parameters .
truth: initialize all parameters . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  set up the local service .
truth: set up zeroconf and make home assistant discoverable . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  set   up

test:  test either if an error is raised while passing a wrong classifier object .
truth: test either if an error is raised while a wrong object is given . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  test that when we can find a case with a case .
truth: test packagefinder detects latest using wrong case . 
test:  test   packagefinder
truth:  test   packagefinder

test:  this function returns a string containing the not for the specified user .
truth: returns an initialized adwordsclient for use in testing . 
test:  returns   account
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a replacement for the old socket .
truth: since we like to wrap things our own way . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   null

test:  return the container path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc .
truth: freeze the named container path path to the container parent directory default: /var/lib/lxc . 
test:  start   a
truth:  freeze   null

test:  returns a list of exploration codes for the given language codes .
truth: returns a list of top rated explorations with the given language code . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  test that passing a base object and a degree .
truth: issue #863 . 
test:  see   issue
truth:  issue   issue

test:  parameter: string .
truth: parameter: string . 
test:  string   string
truth:  string   string

test:  enable or disable meta data with this media .
truth: set the meta of the media . 
test:  set   api
truth:  set   set

test:  computes the one-way .
truth: global contrast normalizes by subtracting the mean across features and then normalizes by either the vector norm or the standard deviation . 
test:  normalize   sum
truth:  null   contrast

test:  loads api keys .
truth: loads the api key for google apis . 
test:  loads   null
truth:  loads   null

test:  attempt to restore a file ownership .
truth: there are some issues with "sudo w3af_api_docker" where we write to the ~/ . 
test:  restores   null
truth:  are   null

test:  add tags to a resource .
truth: add tags to an elasticache resource . 
test:  add   a
truth:  add   tags

test:  load mime files .
truth: multiple file locations containing mime-types can be passed as a list . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  file   file

test:  initialize the threads for threads .
truth: initialize threading . 
test:  init   null
truth:  initialize   threading

test:  set redis key fields .
truth: set the value of a hash field only if the field does not exist . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  set   set

test:  return a list of attributes for attributes that are additional attributes for each parent .
truth: returns *all* attribute information given the context of parents . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  parses a named named group .
truth: parses a call to a named group . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  this returns the thread with all of the user .
truth: creates a json with the open distribution for all the subsections in the course . 
test:  view   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  converts urls in plain text into clickable links .
truth: converts urls in plain text into clickable links . 
test:  converts   urls
truth:  converts   urls

test:  verify that cpu work with various interfaces work .
truth: test simple compilation with given settings . 
test:  test   command
truth:  test   test

test:  create a random string .
truth: generates a random string of rand_length_size . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  generates   a

test:  escape comparison in list so that its proper characters are found in name .
truth: remove invalid characters from a variable and replace it with given character . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  remove   remove

test:  authentication is not complete .
truth: complete auth process . 
test:  null   function
truth:  complete   auth

test:  flood and receive packets at layer 2 prn: function applied to packets received .
truth: send packets at layer 2 sendp -> none . 
test:  send   null
truth:  send   packets

test:  generate an image of data from data .
truth: subtracts mean of image and divides by adjusted standard variance . 
test:  return   null
truth:  mean   mean

test:  alternate shell file or text .
truth: chamber the file or text . 
test:  widen   a
truth:  null   chamber

test:  view for handling of 500 error .
truth: handles 500 . 
test:  handle   display
truth:  handles   handles

test:  create a new organization .
truth: create a new organization . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  knowledge knowledge view page .
truth: single knowledge category view page . 
test:  null   page
truth:  null   knowledge

test:  return the vm to use for a given vm cli example: .
truth: remove a defined vm . 
test:  null   worksheet
truth:  remove   a

test:  connect two protocols .
truth: create a server and a client and connect the two with an l{iopump} . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  splits the datastore path at the given path and returns a tuple of the datastore .
truth: split the datastore path to components . 
test:  split   null
truth:  split   split

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: accepts output . 
test:  function   accepts
truth:  accepts   accepts

test:  return a copy of the string passed to the regular expression .
truth: rindex -> int like rfind but raises valueerror when the substring is not found . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  submit a row of buttons .
truth: displays the row of buttons for delete and save . 
test:  password   null
truth:  displays   null

test:  fixture to get the root xml as root .
truth: root xml element <test> . 
test:  wraps   fixture
truth:  xml   xml

test:  return true if elements are supported in the book .
truth: keep only objects that can be pickled . 
test:  copy   null
truth:  keep   null

test:  partition a sequence into chunks of elements .
truth: return an element with lowest func score; tie goes to first one . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  same as absolute .
truth: like djangos reverse . 
test:  get   reverse
truth:  djangos   djangos

test:  against against binomial repository .
truth: enable and disable repositories matching the provided patterns . 
test:  display   lists
truth:  enable   enable

test:  privileges the redirect to the url .
truth: writes a login redirection url to a user . 
test:  to   url
truth:  writes   a

test:  plots a pdf .
truth: plots a pdf . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  plots   a

test:  calculate the hac covariance matrix assumes we have a hac time series .
truth: driscoll and kraay panel robust covariance matrix robust covariance matrix for panel data of driscoll and kraay . 
test:  null   hac
truth:  null   null

test:  adapts adapts to match all of the current database .
truth: update the sqlite database with all clips from kippt . 
test:  get   null
truth:  update   update

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty . 
test:  list   users
truth:  list   users

test:  accepts the hash algorithm as a string .
truth: convert list [1 . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  path - /fs_id  .
truth: path  . 
test:  -   -
truth:  null   path

test:  view function to register a user .
truth: register a new user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  register   a

test:  puts() shouldnt output with unicode values .
truth: puts() should print unicode input . 
test:  null   appends
truth:  null   null

test:  given a different show level .
truth: returns the results of firing the precommand handles . 
test:  transforms   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the scotvote data and returns a dataset instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  tokenize javascript/jsx source .
truth: tokenize a javascript source . 
test:  tokenize   multiple
truth:  tokenize   a

test:  gets node registration from given most recent log registration .
truth: gets node registration was registered from . 
test:  gets   node
truth:  gets   node

test:  execute a list of polnomial as one expression .
truth: try each of the rules until one works . 
test:  null   a
truth:  try   try

test:  filters all duration of 3 -> tables into the given table .
truth: remove a specific symbol from a fn_table . 
test:  performs   attempt
truth:  remove   a

test:  ztost test for random numbers parameters x1 : float value of points in the spline spline .
truth: equivalence test based on normal distribution parameters x1 : array_like one sample or first sample for 2 independent samples low . 
test:  test   apply
truth:  test   test

test:  results for a person .
truth: given a file object containing a list of tweet ids . 
test:  to   expand
truth:  given   a

test:  generate all manifest to a tar .
truth: generate a tar ball containing all of the source files . 
test:  to   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  disable the site .
truth: disable an apache site . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  disable   null

test:  get the preferences thickness .
truth: get the perimeter width . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieves the local foreign keys from the foreign keys .
truth: resolve a field type into the name of the referenced table . 
test:  check   returns
truth:  resolve   a

test:  fix various abort which contains all makefiles of those attributes .
truth: replace relative links in c{str} and c{href} attributes with links relative to c{linkrel} . 
test:  replace   implementation
truth:  replace   replace

test:  strip whitespace from around a uri string .
truth: serialize value by adding url() and with quotes if needed e . 
test:  string   line
truth:  value   value

test:  unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if it is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile .
truth: unpack zip filename to extract_dir raises unrecognizedformat if filename is not a zipfile (as determined by zipfile . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  unpack   zip

test:  look for the command-line versions .
truth: get a dict of variables mapping internal vs macro names to their gyp equivalents . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  get   a

test:  tests to ensure that attempts to dynamically type info works as expected .
truth: test to ensure the abstract type object cant be used . 
test:  to   test
truth:  to   test

test:  decorator to submit a decorator to determine which the addon is to be marked as the request .
truth: wraps the function with a decorator that bounces to the right step . 
test:  used   decorator
truth:  wraps   null

test:  formats a date as the time since that date .
truth: formats a date as the time since that date . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  create a bookmark .
truth: create bookmark action . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   bookmark

test:  this method determine the default presents to be used for the test modules .
truth: called from the test file to get the necessary drive(s) ready; return a pair of values: the absolute path to the first drives mount point plus the complete disk list . 
test:  prepare   tests
truth:  called   null

test:  serialize a file with one entry .
truth: serializes the learned tagger to a file in pickle format; reloads it and validates the process . 
test:  serializes   a
truth:  serializes   null

test:  specified email has a given email .
truth: returns gravatar url if user has set an avatar at gravatar . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  returns   gravatar

test:  ask a question; return true if the answer should be easily .
truth: ask a question; return true if the answer is yes . 
test:  show   null
truth:  ask   a

test:  perform a yyyy-mm-dd structure based on treewalker .
truth: this function is called when __name__ == "__main__" . 
test:  testing   parse
truth:  function   function

test:  hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings .
truth: hex encodes characters for use in javascript strings . 
test:  encodes   encodes
truth:  encodes   encodes

test:  set the default ruby ruby : bool the default ruby for which to install the ruby to install the ruby .
truth: set the default ruby ruby the version of ruby to make the default runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  geometric regression .
truth: negative binomial regression . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  execute a rule based on the indent of the nicer .
truth: execute the given rule . 
test:  file   null
truth:  execute   null

test:  test if root is running .
truth: verifies whether were running under uid 0 . 
test:  raise   verifies
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  this should give a rdata setting for a given person .
truth: check that setting field to the same value marks mutable fields as dirty . 
test:  test   test
truth:  check   check

test:  returns a template with a string .
truth: returns the rendered template as a string . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a kernel .
truth: try importing jplephem . 
test:  allow   parses
truth:  importing   try

test:  test whether the request is logged in this request .
truth: check whether the request has logged in cookies set . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  display the current position families for the current environment .
truth: return the first installed font family in family list . 
test:  return   check
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if new user is running cli example: .
truth: a testing hook . 
test:  to   sets
truth:  testing   testing

test:  computes the independent difference for independent samples .
truth: return mean of pairwise dists . 
test:  null   null
truth:  mean   mean

test:  updates the column order of column .
truth: set the order of columns in kanban board . 
test:  encode   columns
truth:  set   set

test:  test dipole i/o .
truth: test len and indexing of dipole objects . 
test:  appends   loop
truth:  test   len

test:  writing that ipython test cases from ipython works with ipython .
truth: test %tb after a syntaxerror . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  list available devices cli example: .
truth: list all pools cli example: . 
test:  null   a
truth:  list   list

test:  exclusive_or_expression : exclusive_or_expression xor and_expression .
truth: exclusive_or_expression : and_expression . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   exclusive_or_expression

test:  add a bunch of acceptable to the given node .
truth: given an instance specific inference function . 
test:  null   handlers
truth:  given   null

test:  check for gogrid configs .
truth: check for vmware configuration and if required libs are available . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong type of the data .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  plot the time .
truth: plot the time . 
test:  plot   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k .
truth: convert the ground domain of f from sympy to k . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  work around specified by components .
truth: split a pathname into components in a platform-neutral way . 
test:  encoding   a
truth:  split   a

test:  check that all branches have been invalidated .
truth: ensure that groups have either hosts or child groups . 
test:  null   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  checks to see if the user does not have complete to skip a course based on the course does not have an entrance exam .
truth: some courses can be gated on an entrance exam . 
test:  null   checks
truth:  null   courses

test:  match requests .
truth: match requests . 
test:  requests   requests
truth:  requests   requests

test:  validates that value is a timeout or none .
truth: validates a timeout specified in milliseconds returning a value in floating point seconds . 
test:  null   a
truth:  validates   a

test:  make a python string .
truth: escapes < . 
test:  null   a
truth:  escapes   <

test:  returns transifex ''pad .
truth: lists the available cheatsheets . 
test:  list   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  split code and text into separate docstring .
truth: return list with source file separated into code and text blocks . 
test:  splits   network
truth:  list   list

test:  return directly to use for the repository .
truth: get the keys for both memcache and env[swift . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   get

test:  walk all subsets of dictionary .
truth: tries to unify values of corresponding keys . 
test:  given   null
truth:  to   null

test:  this function normalizes a bug in the data x .
truth: internal auxiliary function for _raw_fft . 
test:  fix   fixes
truth:  null   null

test:  true if the provided starts starts with the expected starts .
truth: reorients block starts into the opposite strands coordinates . 
test:  return   get
truth:  block   block

test:  confirm that all windows have a list of valid attribute .
truth: returns true if every formset in formsets is valid . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  writes file to disk .
truth: robust file write . 
test:  sync   null
truth:  file   file

test:  test xunit output with one errors .
truth: test xunit output with one errors . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   xunit

test:  make sure hosts defined in order to @hosts .
truth: if @hosts is used it replaces any env . 
test:  make   use
truth:  if   @hosts

test:  seq1 and returns either a sequence or all elements of the given sequence .
truth: return *true* if all elements of *seq* compare equal . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   return

test:  solves a 1st order symbols with equation coefficients .
truth: returns the best solution to an ode from the two hints 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_dep_div_indep and 1st_homogeneous_coeff_subs_indep_div_dep . 
test:  solves   redis
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a network driver at the given network id .
truth: get a vlan object by its name or id . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  get   a

test:  return the text tag for a tag .
truth: get the text of an xml tag . 
test:  get   returns
truth:  get   get

test:  test stratifieddatasetvalidshufflesplit .
truth: test datasetvalidshufflesplit . 
test:  test   a
truth:  test   test

test:  read a crop crop file .
truth: read and crop . 
test:  read   filter
truth:  read   read

test:  test the pending example against a grid .
truth: test tight_layout for subplot2grid . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  escapes markdown-sensitive characters .
truth: escapes markdown-sensitive characters within other markdown constructs . 
test:  escapes   null
truth:  escapes   null

test:  return the list of files inside the ninja plugin .
truth: return the list of plugin files inside the directory: path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  correct surface of all auto elements of a given list of auto .
truth: improve auto-element approximation . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  null   null

test:  parses a strong string .
truth: parse an etag header . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parse   parse

test:  load a file on the master .
truth: loads an object saved using the dump function . 
test:  loads   load
truth:  loads   null

test:  iterate the registered services and find one with the given id .
truth: iterate the registered services and find one with the given id . 
test:  iterate   null
truth:  iterate   null

test:  create and return a cache .
truth: create and return a resolver . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  reads the contents of the url .
truth: reads given url as json and returns data as loaded python object . 
test:  read   a
truth:  given   null

test:  configure the celery app .
truth: configures the celery app . 
test:  received   configures
truth:  configures   configures

test:  return the jsonp callback as a string which can be used as one of the given value .
truth: return whether the given value can be used as a json-p callback . 
test:  check   check
truth:  return   return

test:  get the file size .
truth: this is a helper function that given a local path return the size of the file in bytes and time of last modification . 
test:  -   file
truth:  is   null

test:  function_definition : declarator compound_statement compound_statement .
truth: function_definition : declaration_specifiers declarator compound_statement . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  test to ensure that s works as expected .
truth: through inheritance . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   inheritance

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful crud controller . 
test:  null   controller
truth:  null   crud

test:  raises a proper error if the time has no parameters .
truth: validates time formats for updated_at . 
test:  validate   image
truth:  time   time

test:  generate a series of the terms of a series parameters data: : normalized normalized .
truth: generates an absolute cosine time series with the amplitude exponentially decreasing arguments: amp: amplitude of the cosine function period: period of the cosine function x0: initial x of the time series xn: final x of the time series step: step of the time series discretization k: exponential rate . 
test:  simulate   generic
truth:  generates   null

test:  makes a viewpoint attribute dictionary .
truth: returns a viewpoint metadata dictionary appropriate for a service query response . 
test:  makes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieves a function from the given module or been deleted .
truth: delete specific objects by proving a single file name or a comma-separated list to src or dest . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   delete

test:  add a new song to the songs .
truth: add song to history . 
test:  add   pull
truth:  add   song

test:  convert a tuple into a range .
truth: convert a tuple into a range with error handling . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  returns a db cursor for reading .
truth: return a db cursor for reading . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test when all inputs have two broadcastable dimension at the beginning of the beginning with the beginning and we dont have the beginning dimension at the beginning of the beginning
truth: test when one input have one broadcastable dimension and the other is a scalar . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  received root and cfgred .
truth: calls the configuration template to apply the configuration changes on the device . 
test:  loads   network
truth:  calls   calls

test:  returns a list of featured activity references .
truth: gets a list of activityreference domain models . 
test:  returns   calculate
truth:  gets   a

test:  attribute for whether we are supported with the function supported by the smartly .
truth: attribute for a function only supported by software stubs or esp32 rom . 
test:  is   attribute
truth:  attribute   attribute

test:  read the creds from disk .
truth: connect to s3 and download the metadata for each file in all buckets specified and cache the data to disk . 
test:  initialize   function
truth:  to   connect

test:  if a column does not exist for the unbounded .
truth: the right hand column should be allowed to overflow . 
test:  test   parses
truth:  null   null

test:  this method gets appropriate nic key from the target node .
truth: this module checks if vrrp interface can be added . 
test:  prints   method
truth:  module   module

test:  replaces instances like concat with concat_ws(mid(char(0) .
truth: append a http header x-originating-ip to bypass waf protection of varnish firewall notes: reference: url examples: >> x-forwarded-for: target_cacheserver_ip >> x-remote-ip: target_proxy_ip >> x-originating-ip: target_local_ip >> x-remote-addr: target_internaluser_ip >> x-remote-ip: * or %00 or %0a . 
test:  append   a
truth:  append   a

test:  runs the unit tests .
truth: get the uname in vagrant . 
test:  build   null
truth:  get   get

test:  find the unicode counter code of the given collections .
truth: return type of newline used in source . 
test:  find   find
truth:  return   type

test:  converts a date string to a datetime object .
truth: convert string to date time object . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  string   string

test:  preview featurewise function for normal distribution parameters x : array_like .
truth: normalize every pixels by the same given mean and std . 
test:  return   null
truth:  normalize   normalize

test:  n322 n322 to compute the minimum graph g .
truth: return the atlas of all connected graphs of 6 nodes or less . 
test:  uses   graph
truth:  return   return

test:  most recent entry point for a course .
truth: check whether certificate generation is enabled for a course . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  check   check

test:  multiply two linear operators elementwise .
truth: multiply two linear operators . 
test:  multiply   multiplication
truth:  multiply   multiply

test:  a log decorator that turns off of a log into a query .
truth: a decorator for pseudo-logging search queries . 
test:  null   call
truth:  null   decorator

test:  given the params for a folds .
truth: computes readout time from epi params . 
test:  computes   compute
truth:  computes   null

test:  attempt to load a finder .
truth: imports the staticfiles finder class described by import_path . 
test:  imports   return
truth:  imports   imports

test:  retrieves the binary representation of a packed .
truth: the binary representation of this address . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   binary

test:  removes users from the network device .
truth: removes users from the configuration of network devices . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  removes   users

test:  make matched text file .
truth: capitalize matched text . 
test:  matched   convert
truth:  matched   null

test:  return the image root directory path .
truth: given a list of dictionary keys |path| and a tree of dicts |root| . 
test:  returns   handle
truth:  given   a

test:  undo the effects of quote() .
truth: unquote -> abc def . 
test:  download   try
truth:  unquote   unquote

test:  returns the type of the rpm server .
truth: private method that returns a root from an elementtree describing the api versions supported by the specified server . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   method

test:  store the value of a configuration file .
truth: copies the option into the application config dictionary . 
test:  parse   syntax
truth:  copies   copies

test:  helper function to run a single system .
truth: return block device attributes: uuid . 
test:  pulls   running
truth:  block   block

test:  enable maintenance mode .
truth: disable maintenance mode . 
test:  null   maintenance
truth:  disable   maintenance

test:  verify if a signature matches the signed certificate .
truth: checks the signature and data against all currently valid certificates for the application . 
test:  create   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  return the url to the bootstrap theme if enabled .
truth: return the full url to a bootstrap theme css library default value: none this value is configurable . 
test:  template   null
truth:  return   return

test:  write a trees in newick format to the given file handle .
truth: write a trees in cdao format to the given file handle . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   a

test:  returns a string representing a number as a string representing the non-zero key in the given number with the given number .
truth: splits a string into a list of tokens . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  splits   a

test:  finds the first entry in the given regular expression .
truth: find the starting character for entry n in a space delimited line . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  set the offset of the segment .
truth: set the offset by the multiplier . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a hex string with all expr in string to hex .
truth: returns an uppercase hex representation of an rgba string . 
test:  convert   convert
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the path to a python file or a python file .
truth: this will get us the programs directory . 
test:  get   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get files recursively which have a gcode file type .
truth: get files which have a given file type . 
test:  get   files
truth:  files   files

test:  start the test suite .
truth: run testcase several times . 
test:  null   up
truth:  run   testcase

test:  display a list of requests that are available .
truth: request multiple urls via mthreading . 
test:  create   a
truth:  request   multiple

test:  this is needed for :meth:table for t-test t-test .
truth: return the first dim principal components as colums of a matrix . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  load the module from loader or fail .
truth: get inspectlib module for the lazy loader . 
test:  module   install
truth:  get   get

test:  like check_output but only ones in the list .
truth: checks that all of the warnings from a list returned by warnings . 
test:  asserts   null
truth:  checks   checks

test:  returns the users login directory .
truth: return user name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   user

test:  ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are actually being setup .
truth: ensure that the virtualbox guest additions are removed . 
test:  ensure   upgrades
truth:  ensure   null

test:  helper function to take a registry for registry .
truth: helper function to take a list of strings for registry . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  list contents of a queue cli example: .
truth: provide the number of items in a queue cli example: . 
test:  list   contents
truth:  provide   null

test:  helper function to retrieve a connection with a local dictionary .
truth: get the value of a key in the git configuration file key the name of the configuration key to get . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  for date values that are tomorrow .
truth: for date values that are tomorrow . 
test:  null   date
truth:  null   date

test:  get the next double double double double value decode decode .
truth: get the next double generated by the prng at *state_ptr* . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  given a banner log of the length of a :class:linuxdistro integer .
truth: given integers c . 
test:  given   shortcut
truth:  given   integers

test:  returns system managers managers .
truth: returns all system managers user details . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the movie title .
truth: set movie title . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   movie

test:  convert an array to an image .
truth: converts a numpy array to pil image object . 
test:  cast   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return true if the named service is missing .
truth: the inverse of service . 
test:  null   convert
truth:  null   inverse

test:  update average average .
truth: update add-ons adu totals . 
test:  resets   update
truth:  update   update

test:  return the kvm vendor .
truth: get the kvm kernel module to be loaded based on the cpu architecture :raises: :class:error . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  return a list of oslo_config that are present in myanmar .
truth: get family of running operating system . 
test:  given   null
truth:  get   family

test:  execute a command in a subshell .
truth: execute command in a subshell . 
test:  command   command
truth:  command   command

test:  chop a gnu triangulated surface file .
truth: chop a gnu triangulated surface file . 
test:  chop   a
truth:  chop   a

test:  returns a list of items as a list of items .
truth: retrieve next link . 
test:  returns   show
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  track states and offer events for calendars .
truth: track states and offer events for covers . 
test:  null   states
truth:  track   states

test:  returns the http token from the given http body body .
truth: extracts the authsub token from an http body string . 
test:  module   null
truth:  extracts   null

test:  returns an iterator over the edges of g .
truth: produce edges in a breadth-first-search starting at source . 
test:  returns   context
truth:  produce   edges

test:  return the power of the schemes in n .
truth: returns the nth value in the fibonacci sequence . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts any value in a string to its datetime .
truth: gets an attribute of an object dynamically from a string name . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  turn on/off bytes into a flag file .
truth: return a random byte string containing *nbytes* bytes . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  return   a

test:  usage: lx command line view .
truth: lx echo . 
test:  return   echo
truth:  echo   echo

test:  read the features from a file .
truth: read feature properties and return in matrix form . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   feature

test:  parameters seq : list returns iterator over the elements of all values in iterable .
truth: empty a list . 
test:  null   a
truth:  empty   a

test:  flush the emails .
truth: flush email queue . 
test:  email   cache
truth:  email   email

test:  blaze blaze blaze expressions of a blaze expression .
truth: separate a complex summary into two pieces helps pandas compute_by on summaries . 
test:  turn   page
truth:  separate   a

test:  runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace note that the executed module will have full access to the __main__ namespace .
truth: runs the designated module in the __main__ namespace these __*__ magic variables will be overwritten: __file__ __loader__ . 
test:  execute   runs
truth:  runs   runs

test:  returns the indices of the maximum along an axis .
truth: range of values along an axis . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   range

test:  main function .
truth: main entry point for module execution . 
test:  null   program
truth:  null   entry

test:  returns true if specified port is usage for bucket .
truth: returns true if port is a valid ipv4 port . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the free mobile sms notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the filesystem scheme that can be used to guess the given url .
truth: add an url scheme if missing: file:// for filepath-like input or http:// otherwise . 
test:  guess   a
truth:  add   add

test:  decorator for tests that alter the instance of follows: .
truth: a fake implementation of l{zope . 
test:  fake   decorator
truth:  fake   fake

test:  compute the spline spline of the provided spline of a [#3520] of the pareto of the dask array .
truth: calculate the entropy of a distribution for given probability values . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  get the global preferred encoding .
truth: get encoding that should be used for reading shell command output . 
test:  get   get
truth:  encoding   encoding

test:  compute the standard standard deviation of a matrix .
truth: standard deviation of a random expression square root of the expectation of (x-e(x))**2 examples . 
test:  null   standard
truth:  null   deviation

test:  s-expression to the github project .
truth: view function returning the root container for a github repo . 
test:  provides   model
truth:  function   function

test:  helper for vectorized .
truth: returns: list of names of flags defined by this module . 
test:  list   null
truth:  list   list

test:  returns the one-time contents of asshole .
truth: return the input string centered in a marquee . 
test:  returns   function
truth:  return   return

test:  change the user to which a group is specified .
truth: remove a user from the group . 
test:  remote   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  transform a lowpass filter prototype to a different frequency .
truth: transform a lowpass filter to a different cutoff frequency . 
test:  transform   a
truth:  transform   a

test:  calculates the calculates the tau list given the *worder* list .
truth: calculates the kendalls tau correlation coefficient given the *worder* list of word alignments from word_rank_alignment() . 
test:  calculate   null
truth:  calculates   null

test:  run a command with a trailing network .
truth: run a command that interacts with an unreliable network using sudo . 
test:  run   a
truth:  run   a

test:  get the path of the package containing the package names .
truth: given a package . 
test:  package   null
truth:  given   a

test:  returns the placementgroup instance .
truth: returns the placementgroup to use . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  converts a string to a phone number .
truth: input number : account or invoice number output return: the same number completed with the recursive mod10 key . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  input   number

test:  returns a boolean .
truth: helper function to catch common exceptions encountered when establishing a connection with a http/https request . 
test:  check   remote
truth:  function   function

test:  returns a tuple of all the matching entries in the given string .
truth: given a lat and lng . 
test:  returns   try
truth:  given   a

test:  issue a warning string .
truth: issue a warning string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  issue   a

test:  get profile avatar .
truth: return a url to the users avatar . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   a

test:  write out the queryset for the addon .
truth: return json dict of {status: complete|incomplete} . 
test:  show   request
truth:  return   json

test:  import all module .
truth: try to import a module . 
test:  imports   null
truth:  to   try

test:  set gear helix path .
truth: set gear helix path . 
test:  set   gear
truth:  set   gear

test:  calls rar/unrar command line executable .
truth: calls rar/unrar command line executable . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  calls   calls

test:  get equated paths .
truth: get equated paths . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  test that graph of triadic and lots of graph .
truth: tests the triadic census function . 
test:  test   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check that creation .
truth: provides sphinx . 
test:  test   a
truth:  provides   sphinx

test:  get new derivation .
truth: get new derivation . 
test:  get   new
truth:  get   new

test:  download an object from the s3 configuration file .
truth: download an object from s3 to a file-like object . 
test:  download   download
truth:  download   download

test:  start the grains from the local system pillar data and return the result of the pillar pillar .
truth: execute the thorium runtime . 
test:  start   start
truth:  execute   null

test:  convert a file system path to a tree path .
truth: convert a file system path to a git tree path . 
test:  return   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  list users belonging to this account cli example: salt myminion pagerduty .
truth: list all slack users . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  runs a wsgi function inside a wsgi server .
truth: runs a wsgi-compatible function using fcgi . 
test:  runs   a
truth:  runs   a

test:  convert a dictionary of partially pairs to a 2d dict .
truth: convert a gf(p)[x] polynomial to a dict . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  rotate the points .
truth: rotate the points . 
test:  rotate   rotate
truth:  rotate   rotate

test:  always return an iterator over the flattened and all its results .
truth: version of node . 
test:  create   null
truth:  null   version

test:  show a version of basestring .
truth: use netmiko to execute show version . 
test:  show   show
truth:  use   netmiko

test:  marks the headers as to-be-unpacked .
truth: decorator that adds headers to a response so that it will never be cached . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  construct a scalars from a blaze expression .
truth: derivative by arrays . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  null   derivative

test:  decorator that parses the specified primary key as the default arguments for the response .
truth: decorator to autoload a storedobject instance by primary key and inject into kwargs . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  list all hunts .
truth: list all hunt approvals belonging to requesting user . 
test:  list   get
truth:  list   list

test:  computes the correlation method for inputs of two julian parameters using mle method parameters using method of moments .
truth: estimate distribution parameters based method of moments for distributions with 1 shape parameter and fixed loc=0 . 
test:  convert   docstring
truth:  estimate   distribution

test:  provides the network size in the list for which interfaces is the predicate .
truth: retrieve the interface name from a specific cidr . 
test:  resolves   get
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  a simple cant threshold with a and b .
truth: indicates if the similarity index between strings is *greater equal* than threshold . 
test:  get   a
truth:  if   null

test:  clears a range of lines from lines between lines and end .
truth: clears a range of lines for multi-line comments . 
test:  to   a
truth:  clears   a

test:  get a maximum of the respective components of a path .
truth: get a vector3 with each component the maximum of the respective components of a vector3 path . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  a function to get server status from requested .
truth: get autotest server system information . 
test:  install   get
truth:  get   get

test:  wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint .
truth: wrapper around expand that only uses the mul hint . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  restful crud controller - needed to allow searching for people by skill - only create a person rpc .
truth: recovery requests list . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  requests   requests

test:  returns a list of welcome for all welcome .
truth: makes the welcome_properties dict given web_xml and the static files . 
test:  create   waits
truth:  makes   null

test:  sends the ask to the database .
truth: make an instance of the api and attempts to login with it . 
test:  if   null
truth:  make   null

test:  check that the jupyter jupyter cell in curve is present .
truth: bundled libzmq has curve support . 
test:  test   return
truth:  bundled   libzmq

test:  serve the files of the uploaded files to the serve .
truth: this is to serve files off of st . 
test:  evaluate   null
truth:  is   null

test:  create a watch .
truth: post /collections/:user/:slug/watch to toggle the users watching status . 
test:  downloads   null
truth:  post   post

test:  checks if a user exists on the postgres server .
truth: checks if a database exists on the postgres server . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  the view that show the old product of the old default product .
truth: render aggregate data about the articles in the default locale . 
test:  show   view
truth:  aggregate   aggregate

test:  convenience function to generate onkyo data from provided file .
truth: principal component analysis parameters data : array variables in columns . 
test:  calculate   helper
truth:  null   component

test:  add terms for terms .
truth: add together all the stats for two profile entries . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  add   add

test:  convert iso8601 to utc time .
truth: returns datetime . 
test:  given   copy
truth:  returns   datetime

test:  deletes a specific pub/sub topic .
truth: deletes an existing pub/sub topic . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  return true if the container is running .
truth: raise an exception if the container does not exist . 
test:  return   a
truth:  raise   null

test:  apply the relu .
truth: apply the derivative of the relu function . 
test:  prepare   run
truth:  apply   apply

test:  given either a variable or a number of floats where the coords is of x and y is because the either 0 is the coords or a given around 0
truth: as a stupid programmer i like to use the upper left corner of the document as the 0 . 
test:  get   replace
truth:  null   a

test:  teardown the container rootfs mounting once after hard .
truth: teardown the container rootfs mounting once it is spawned . 
test:  teardown   up
truth:  teardown   teardown

test:  extracts all python source information from a python directory .
truth: performs a "safe" out-of-process scan . 
test:  call   null
truth:  performs   a

test:  check that the type of type is of type type .
truth: ensure a valid meg type . 
test:  check   null
truth:  ensure   a

test:  generate the show_user portion of the supplied dashboard .
truth: getifaddrs() -> dict list a wrapper for libcs getifaddrs . 
test:  find   attempts
truth:  null   null

test:  removes previous nodes from the graph for a node .
truth: return an effect for uninstalling the flocker package from all of the given nodes . 
test:  return   nodes
truth:  return   return

test:  fetches all exploration with the given user_id .
truth: returns a domain object representing an exploration . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  write a value to the output file .
truth: writes the common header of a sff . 
test:  write   null
truth:  writes   null

test:  converts the given value into a tuple of numbers .
truth: return the version as a tuple for easy comparison . 
test:  tuple   converts
truth:  return   return

test:  write the session file for this feed .
truth: this function checks if the way to make a http request is through supplied textual file . 
test:  constructs   multiple
truth:  function   function

test:  display last error message .
truth: data to send to do a lasterror . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   data

test:  dump the private key *pkey* into a buffer string encoded with the type *type* .
truth: dump a private key to a buffer . 
test:  dump   a
truth:  dump   a

test:  return the number of rsa rsa graph .
truth: return decyption of i by computing i^d . 
test:  return   msg
truth:  return   return

test:  test hash of evoked data .
truth: test evoked hashing . 
test:  evoked   connection
truth:  evoked   test

test:  given a list of infiles .
truth: parses poller maps of tmp -> final file names for example . 
test:  null   a
truth:  parses   parses

test:  given a mount target .
truth: deletes the specified mount target . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  deletes   null

test:  ensure all groups are present in the configuration .
truth: verifies that all groups defined in the config are in the environment if a group is in config but not the environment . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  parse the given flask flask flask + .
truth: pkg is a filepath or a django . 
test:  parses   parse
truth:  is   pkg

test:  return a list of all directories on the master .
truth: return a dict of all symlinks based on a given path in the repo . 
test:  list   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the fully qualified url for the given route .
truth: make urls clickable . 
test:  sends   version
truth:  make   urls

test:  transforms an image into a real image .
truth: compute features for an image parameters im : ndarray returns fs : ndarray 1-d array of features . 
test:  respond   null
truth:  features   features

test:  test that no icon is found in session .
truth: arceus normal-form icon -- same as base icon . 
test:  clean   test
truth:  null   null

test:  ticket edit page .
truth: ticket edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  open a chance to a remote server .
truth: a coroutine that runs a network server . 
test:  yield   use
truth:  null   coroutine

test:  return the children of the source code at offset at offset .
truth: get the calltip of a function the format of the returned string is module_name . 
test:  get   return
truth:  get   get

test:  merge two results of results with a single dictionary of keys .
truth: merge query results arrays into one array . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  query   query

test:  set mysql collation for column .
truth: set the collation for a mysql column if it is not set already . 
test:  sets   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  add lightening .
truth: add positive cylinder at x and y . 
test:  add   shaft
truth:  add   add

test:  check if the element contains the text .
truth: return true if the given text is present in the list . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  build a dictionary that maps to a validation or a dictionary of ssl messages to an ssl request object .
truth: inteligently build out the sslvalidationerror based on what support you have installed . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  build   build

test:  check that nova is protected .
truth: look for uses of nova . 
test:  check   check
truth:  look   null

test:  try to retrieve the current grid backend .
truth: return true if the coordination service is properly configured . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  solves lap_sparse x_i = b .
truth: extract x from the bcpy scratch space . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  extract   x

test:  helper parse action to hex strings .
truth: return a string listing hex without all the single quotes . 
test:  null   boolean
truth:  return   a

test:  return the number of lines in an counts file .
truth: counting the number of lines from the filename file . 
test:  count   get
truth:  null   counting

test:  update a container .
truth: update a containers metadata . 
test:  update   object
truth:  update   a

test:  detects entities in the given file .
truth: detects entities in the file located in google cloud storage . 
test:  detects   entities
truth:  detects   entities

test:  print error message to stderr .
truth: wrapper for error reporting this can be used for store exceptions in error reporting solutions as rollbar while handling error gracefully and giving user cleaner message . 
test:  error   print
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  decode a string encoded with rfc 2231 .
truth: decode string according to rfc 2231 . 
test:  decodes   a
truth:  string   string

test:  list all repositories within the display .
truth: lists all repos . 
test:  display   list
truth:  lists   lists

test:  show a single operation .
truth: show a warning message . 
test:  show   null
truth:  show   a

test:  given a view function .
truth: a decorator that maps a project_slug url param into a project . 
test:  to   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns whether the given user has fulfilled prerequisites for the given course .
truth: returns whether the given user has fulfilled all prerequisites for the given course . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator that adds the specified name to the api .
truth: use this decorator to enable granular security permissions to your api methods . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  use   use

test:  show the tenant status cli example: .
truth: get the tenant for the login being used . 
test:  show   show
truth:  get   get

test:  adds a batch of the provided axis to a variable .
truth: prepend a singleton axis to a tensorvariable and name it . 
test:  add   a
truth:  prepend   a

test:  test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling without wrong .
truth: test either if an error is raised when x is different at fitting and sampling . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  reads the fasta dictionary from a binary file .
truth: read data of a previous preprocessing run . 
test:  read   read
truth:  read   data

test:  get a set of data .
truth: get raw data . 
test:  get   estimate
truth:  get   get

test:  returns true if the response is a head python response .
truth: checks whether the request of a response has been a head-request . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  checks   checks

test:  itemtype add page .
truth: new service_record form . 
test:  add   edit
truth:  null   new

test:  decodes html entities in collectd hash format .
truth: decodes html entities in the given string . 
test:  decodes   html
truth:  decodes   html

test:  test for test_pickle as cov .
truth: check that we get the same result under reordering . 
test:  compare   asserts
truth:  check   check

test:  quote text for a single quotes in a string .
truth: enclose in quotes and escape internal slashes and double quotes . 
test:  text   text
truth:  null   in

test:  return the type int or raises one .
truth: validate app namespace . 
test:  return   return
truth:  validate   app

test:  extract messages from mako keywords file .
truth: extract messages from mako templates . 
test:  read   generator
truth:  extract   messages

test:  test to write strings will write strings to strings that if the html strings will not those html columns if the html columns is specified in the right will not
truth: test to make sure that the html writer writes multidimensional columns using the colspan attribute of <th> . 
test:  array   test
truth:  to   test

test:  test a floating point labels .
truth: test x_labels . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  call our result is a set of all installed mail .
truth: helper setting the result only if the future was not cancelled . 
test:  given   gl
truth:  setting   setting

test:  expand a shortened ipv6 address .
truth: expand a shortened ipv6 address . 
test:  expand   a
truth:  expand   a

test:  get all customizations modules .
truth: sync custom fields and property setters from custom folder in each app module . 
test:  sync   start
truth:  sync   custom

test:  get a specific account by id .
truth: retrieves an account plus any additional custom fields . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  setup z-wave sensors .
truth: find and return z-wave switches . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  given a value for use as a str .
truth: given a value for obj . 
test:  serialize   a
truth:  given   a

test:  helper to format a host for a message .
truth: format host %x abbreviations . 
test:  return   function
truth:  host   host

test:  check that rfc 822 is rfc 822 .
truth: test the api response to retreive raw message contents . 
test:  make   check
truth:  test   test

test:  return the default feedback url for the given url .
truth: a version-specific url . 
test:  default   urls
truth:  null   a

test:  we can load modules from sys .
truth: add a pseudo pupy module for *nix payloads . 
test:  logs   add
truth:  add   a

test:  test reading htmls to the basic report .
truth: test adding html str to mne report . 
test:  test   test
truth:  adding   test

test:  decrypt a stream of bytes from a mode .
truth: decrypts a stream of bytes from in_stream to out_stream using mode . 
test:  suggest   use
truth:  decrypts   a

test:  mask generation function .
truth: mask generation function . 
test:  mask   tests
truth:  mask   generation

test:  convert an image file to the current color format .
truth: convert image to be usable with matplotlib . 
test:  convert   images
truth:  convert   image

test:  take a repository and return a repository and a repository ordered by that setting the name of the tool relationship .
truth: return a tool_shed_repository or repository record defined by the information in the received repo_info_dict . 
test:  take   a
truth:  return   a

test:  prints a message to stderr and stderr .
truth: needed for debugging on big jobs . 
test:  test   a
truth:  needed   null

test:  decorator which applies django routes to the flash .
truth: issue a redirect: return an http response with a 302 moved header . 
test:  to   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  return the local plugins directory .
truth: returns the local plugins . 
test:  return   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extend the image size and return the virt object .
truth: increase image to size . 
test:  short   tuple
truth:  increase   image

test:  render a mako string as a yaml document .
truth: render a mako template to a string . 
test:  render   a
truth:  render   a

test:  this function will return a list of lists of items in lists of lists of items in a list .
truth: same behavior as sorted_list_difference but for lists of unorderable items . 
test:  given   object
truth:  null   behavior

test:  return value of various type .
truth: dumps a dict out into nvp pairs suitable for paypal to consume . 
test:  reverse   null
truth:  dumps   a

test:  a period ( .
truth: a period ( . 
test:  null   period
truth:  null   period

test:  decorator that checks results of numpy and cupy are equal w .
truth: decorator that checks numpy results and cupy ones are equal . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  update a site configuration file .
truth: update a value in site_config . 
test:  to   a
truth:  update   a

test:  retrieve a ceilometer client for the given session .
truth: alias wrapper for getting options . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  returns the path for an messages .
truth: determine the path to the messages directory as best possible . 
test:  returns   new
truth:  determine   null

test:  helper to run next run scheduler .
truth: datetime when the next job should run . 
test:  null   bytes
truth:  null   datetime

test:  disallow os .
truth: disallow os . 
test:  disallow   os
truth:  disallow   os

test:  returns an array with the data .
truth: if possible . 
test:  form   null
truth:  if   null

test:  converts given object into an integer .
truth: converts ratings bodys or ratings iarc_name to a slug-like label . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  converts   ratings

test:  visit the given string for a sequence .
truth: a helper function for the _style class . 
test:  sort   dictionary
truth:  null   helper

test:  this function creates an exception that checks that the decorated function in an exception .
truth: executes the callable func . 
test:  wraps   function
truth:  executes   null

test:  returns a jenkins product of the product .
truth: returns the device product identifier . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a set of choices that could be used within any of the given context .
truth: validate that the option provided is one of a restricted set of choices returns a callable that can be used as a validator in modularodm . 
test:  is   patch
truth:  validate   validate

test:  returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects .
truth: returns a class object that is a copy of "model" with the specified "attrs" being replaced with deferredattribute objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance .
truth: returns a list of distributed virtual switches associated with a given service instance . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  get the int .
truth: get the int . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return the list of indices within a network .
truth: get the size of a network . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  get   get

test:  parse a single date format .
truth: given values and a date_format . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   values

test:  gets the dictionary with information about all users into the feedback context .
truth: extract the submitted form fields to be used as a context for feedback submission . 
test:  gets   form
truth:  extract   null

test:  a simple pseudo-inverse of urllib .
truth: safely truncates unicode strings such that their encoded length is no greater than the length provided . 
test:  datetimes   replace
truth:  truncates   null

test:  returns a tuple of [0 .
truth: return the specified quantile(s) q of the supplied list . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  given an identity pool name .
truth: given identity pool name . 
test:  function   a
truth:  given   identity

test:  returns the number of rounded for a given precision and precision .
truth: round method for round halfs to nearest even algorithm aka bankers rounding - compatible with python3 . 
test:  to   number
truth:  round   method

test:  get a dict of parsed link headers proxies .
truth: return a dict of parsed link headers proxies . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the response data for a given jwt .
truth: returns the response data for both the login and refresh views . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator to expect the specified color .
truth: compare two images . 
test:  put   apply
truth:  compare   compare

test:  returns the flavor image key based on the given image key .
truth: extract both flavor- and image-based variants of metadata . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  extract   null

test:  return true if the named container is disabled .
truth: an upstart service is assumed disabled if a manual stanza is placed in /etc/init/[name] . 
test:  return   in
truth:  null   null

test:  find the beginning marker for a multiline comment .
truth: we are inside a comment . 
test:  pair   find
truth:  are   null

test:  remove an iis application .
truth: remove an iis virtual directory . 
test:  removes   a
truth:  remove   remove

test:  returns a package based on the **kwargs or a specific version of the module .
truth: returns whether a package is installed or not and version . 
test:  execute   server
truth:  returns   returns

test:  makes sure a pointer is valid .
truth: makes sure the result pointer is valid . 
test:  return   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  returns a list of all the run for which the task is in the other projects .
truth: this returns a set of the tasks that are being run by other worker . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  creates a binary string with a png echo args: device : 8bit tools string to make it usable passwords : bool yielded : shell pg pg pg pg pg pg
truth: returns a function that converts a pdf file to a png file . 
test:  converts   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  setup the homematic thermostat .
truth: setup the platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  mark a value as a string that should not be auto-escaped .
truth: mark the value as safe which means that in an environment with automatic escaping enabled this variable will not be escaped . 
test:  mark   a
truth:  mark   mark

test:  generates circle for circle axis .
truth: returns polygon for a filled circle with x . 
test:  to   migrations
truth:  polygon   polygon

test:  merge a remote element of a text .
truth: removes an element . 
test:  merge   a
truth:  removes   null

test:  serialize the given attribute to a file .
truth: process the input document at c{filename} and write an output document . 
test:  constructs   a
truth:  process   process

test:  get the end of the control .
truth: get the cubic point . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  make a document .
truth: create a builder based on an options object . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  create   a

test:  mock utility to mock module to import the module .
truth: place a dummy objects in sys . 
test:  null   null
truth:  place   a

test:  remove duplicates from list preserving order originally by dave kirby .
truth: return a list with unique elements from sequence . 
test:  return   duplicates
truth:  return   a

test:  returns the size in the current system size .
truth: attempt to discover the dimensions of a terminal window . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  to   attempt

test:  return the number of cpu seconds .
truth: convert an input value in cpu-seconds to megacycles . 
test:  return   a
truth:  convert   convert

test:  build an absolute path to the cmdtuple .
truth: helper for remove_tree() . 
test:  transform   everything
truth:  null   helper

test:  yaml: sitemonitor execute a sitemonitor build for the build .
truth: yaml: sitemonitor this plugin checks the availability of an url . 
test:  null   comparison
truth:  null   null

test:  release key .
truth: remove data from temporary storage see also finish_task . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  remove   data

test:  takes a dictionary whose values are a list of dicts .
truth: returns a new webob . 
test:  encodes   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  supply component page .
truth: resource header for items . 
test:  null   a
truth:  header   header

test:  creates a client for working with cloud databases .
truth: creates a client for working with cloud databases . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  check unified .
truth: test_path_object is needed for test below test_validate_path_object so that file could be passed as pathlib . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  is   null

test:  you are logged and setup the login action to the console .
truth: wrapper to login to do not allow login and redirect to shutdown . 
test:  null   display
truth:  to   wrapper

test:  parse a asdl from a http host and send it to a tuple .
truth: parse an ip network specification . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return the results of the matrix .
truth: execute a chef solo run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  pass   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  plots a line .
truth: makes a scatter plot . 
test:  plots   a
truth:  makes   a

test:  crop the given image - async version .
truth: crop the given image . 
test:  given   crop
truth:  crop   crop

test:  list all updates returns a list of available updates cli example: .
truth: list all overlays . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  import a module .
truth: import any module to the global python environment . 
test:  import   a
truth:  import   import

test:  test that we can label their folder when they dont have a folder labeled .
truth: same strategy as test_gmail_missing_trash . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   strategy

test:  gets the field type for a model instance .
truth: returns the sqlalchemy type of the field . 
test:  given   field
truth:  returns   returns

test:  computes the lcm of a and b .
truth: least common multiple of two integers . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the vlan id for this vlan .
truth: gets the vswitch associated with the physical network adapter with the name supplied . 
test:  retrieve   get
truth:  gets   null

test:  search the given key in a sequence .
truth: takes a list of integers and searches if the key is contained within the list . 
test:  search   a
truth:  takes   a

test:  returns the tournament matrix for g .
truth: returns the tournament matrix for the given tournament graph . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a file .
truth: download appstats data from memcache . 
test:  downloads   a
truth:  download   appstats

test:  this creates a vdi record and returns its reference .
truth: create a vdi record and returns its reference . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  check the module metadata .
truth: assert that there is no metadata within a particular module that we cant support editing . 
test:  checks   results
truth:  assert   assert

test:  returns a capturing .
truth: returns s with all non-alphanumeric characters replaced with * parameters s : str the string to be censored . 
test:  set   returns
truth:  s   s

test:  gets the person tag for a specific tag .
truth: returns a boolean of whether the value is greater than the argument . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  convert a file-like object to a remote host .
truth: copy files to a remote host through scp . 
test:  files   files
truth:  files   files

test:  returns a dict of a player with the player statistics .
truth: parses the home and away team stats and returns an ordereddict mapping player id to their total game statistics as instances of nflgame . 
test:  null   attempt
truth:  parses   parses

test:  cotangent of the pi of the hex of a positive integer digits .
truth: returns a string containing prec digits starting at the nth digit of pi in hex . 
test:  null   timeseries
truth:  returns   a

test:  function that for multiple dicts .
truth: convert a mutidict into a regular dict . 
test:  looks   null
truth:  convert   a

test:  return the desargues graph .
truth: return the desargues graph . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  gets the list of available audio output devices .
truth: gets a list of audio output devices for a given audio output module . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  gets   a

test:  return the inverse of the longest function .
truth: alias for longest_contiguous_ones . 
test:  to   elementwise
truth:  null   alias

test:  maximum absolute difference between [0 and vectors .
truth: return max absolute difference between two arrays . 
test:  null   rgb
truth:  return   max

test:  parse the available mechanisms to extract the available mechanism names .
truth: parse the sasl feature to extract the available mechanism names . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns a search rank from the rights .
truth: returns an integer determining the documents rank in search . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  extract a capabilities list from a list of capabilities .
truth: extract a capabilities list from a string . 
test:  text   null
truth:  extract   a

test:  return the prior shut down across all dependencies for the provided repository .
truth: this method is used in the tool shed when exporting a repository and its dependencies . 
test:  returns   install
truth:  null   method

test:  rest controller .
truth: restful controller for outputs . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  start : direct_declarator .
truth: start : a nest c . 
test:  null   pointer
truth:  start   start

test:  disable an http paging to the appropriate channel .
truth: use paramiko to change logging buffered <size> configuration . 
test:  perform   array
truth:  use   paramiko

test:  order image location list .
truth: choose best location from image location list by configured strategy . 
test:  create   check
truth:  choose   null

test:  decorator to check if the decorated method is not a templateresponse .
truth: decorator to do multiple attempts in case of webdriverexception . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   decorator

test:  adds indentation to the given object .
truth: add an epytext @field to a given objects docstring . 
test:  adds   add
truth:  add   add

test:  builds a volume from a volume and optionally stopped the container .
truth: volume_from can be either a service or a container . 
test:  create   a
truth:  null   null

test:  return a list of the items in the way way .
truth: a generator that groups all items by a key . 
test:  extract   a
truth:  null   generator

test:  ensure the value is json .
truth: return a version of value that is guaranteed to be able to be logged . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  return   a

test:  check if a line is blank .
truth: completion for "rmdir" . 
test:  return   completion
truth:  null   completion

test:  return an iterator over all values of iterable .
truth: helper for various string-wrapped functions . 
test:  escape   html
truth:  null   helper

test:  enable or disable modules with v_1 .
truth: disable the per-module cache for every module found in c{modules} . 
test:  sets   set
truth:  disable   null

test:  return a list of user count as dictionaries .
truth: get the number of users created from each entry point: osf . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   get

test:  this function is run on the master .
truth: fqdn check with easyengine . 
test:  null   method
truth:  check   check

test:  get the value of a directed sysctl key .
truth: get a kernel parameter . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  create a random integer gamma function for the given parameters .
truth: randomly choose k integers without replacement from 0 . 
test:  determine   a
truth:  choose   randomly

test:  sets a due date extension for a particular unit .
truth: sets a due date extension . 
test:  sets   metadata
truth:  sets   a

test:  check to make sure set_linestyle accepts a collection of work linestyle .
truth: check to make sure set_linestyle works properly . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  close the mysql connection .
truth: close the kafka connection . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  test datasetkfold .
truth: test print_monitor_cv . 
test:  control   test
truth:  test   test

test:  read a key from info response data and dispatch a value .
truth: read a key from info response data and dispatch a value . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   a

test:  get path with overhangs removed or filled in .
truth: get path with overhangs removed or filled in . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   path

test:  test io .
truth: test io for mrk files . 
test:  test   64bit
truth:  io   io

test:  accepts a dictionary and a dictionary .
truth: older cobbler files stored configurations in a flat way . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  null   cobbler

test:  return the load data that marks a specified jid .
truth: return the load data that marks a specified jid . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the arr generates a close to use for the given document .
truth: returns the active editor document and view . 
test:  given   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update a users user .
truth: update a user account . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts .
truth: execute a sql query and return rows as a list of dicts . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  compute the core unwinding b .
truth: a helper function . 
test:  null   definition
truth:  null   helper

test:  given a string mapping values for true .
truth: given a string mapping values for true . 
test:  given   a
truth:  given   a

test:  inserting again will not cause any errors .
truth: inserting again will not cause any errors . 
test:  ignore   a
truth:  inserting   null

test:  creates a banner with the given name and returns the optional banner page .
truth: create internal shell banner . 
test:  create   build
truth:  create   create

test:  find the l2 slicing transform of an impulse image .
truth: essentially a step function . 
test:  construct   attempts
truth:  null   a

test:  helper function to get data over http or from a local file .
truth: helper function to get data over http or from a local file . 
test:  download   parse
truth:  function   function

test:  create a volume from a logical volume .
truth: create a thin volume from given volume group . 
test:  null   a
truth:  create   a

test:  this is a 1-hot 1-hot .
truth: kim smoother using cython inner loop parameters regime_transition : array matrix of regime transition probabilities . 
test:  transform   build
truth:  null   null

test:  gauss-laguerre quadrature .
truth: quorum size as it applies to services that use replication for data integrity . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  null   size

test:  disable the named sysv service to start at boot .
truth: disable the named sysv service from starting at boot . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  disable   null

test:  return data for bookmark .
truth: return data for a bookmark . 
test:  return   changes
truth:  return   data

test:  get the fabmetheus utilities directory path .
truth: get the fabmetheus tools directory path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the
truth: decorator factory to apply update_wrapper() to a wrapper function returns a decorator that invokes update_wrapper() with the decorated function as the wrapper argument and the arguments to wraps() as the remaining arguments . 
test:  null   factory
truth:  null   factory

test:  register a browser window .
truth: registerss exporter . 
test:  existing   a
truth:  null   null

test:  output the graph for texinfo .
truth: output the graph for texinfo . 
test:  output   output
truth:  output   output

test:  creates a directory contents out of the current repository .
truth: ensure there are no snapshots in progress . 
test:  approximate   retry
truth:  ensure   null

test:  create a base class with a metaclass for a metaclass .
truth: create a base class with a metaclass . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  a decorator for handler .
truth: context that verifes signal is called before exiting . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  context   context

test:  :math:{ - a periodic task .
truth: run periodic checks . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  run   run

test:  returns true if the special sibling is in the special nodes .
truth: returns true if node is in an environment where all that is required of it is being itterable . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  update volume .
truth: update volume . 
test:  update   replace
truth:  update   volume

test:  create a new scale where each colors is a colorscale .
truth: makes a colorscale from a list of colors and a scale takes a list of colors and scales and constructs a colorscale based on the colors in sequential order . 
test:  make   function
truth:  makes   a

test:  get the arealized .
truth: get the radius multiplier for a polygon of equal area . 
test:  get   access
truth:  get   get

test:  future future .
truth: returns whether or not the verified mode should be updated . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  create a list of all the data for this function is a convenience function .
truth: decorate a function to trigger on lines starting with "$nickname: command" . 
test:  null   attempts
truth:  decorate   a

test:  convert any object to ansi string .
truth: convert to ansistring . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  to   convert

test:  used to convert flag options to auto directives .
truth: used to convert flag options to auto directives . 
test:  return   null
truth:  to   null

test:  parse the command line for options .
truth: parse the command line for options . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  return a response as json .
truth: return a response as json . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test that a filtered argument can be checked over a key .
truth: make sure non-alphanumeric keys are passed through correctly . 
test:  test   test
truth:  make   null

test:  return the region code for a request based on the current request .
truth: city code based on iso 3166-1 . 
test:  code   code
truth:  code   code

test:  delete a vocabulary .
truth: delete a tag vocabulary . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  make a call that returns multiple times .
truth: make a call that returns multiple times . 
test:  make   a
truth:  make   a

test:  get all active conferences for this user .
truth: get_active_conferences -> list active conferences return active conferences :type user: basestring :return: list . 
test:  get   users
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a coolmagicapplication manager for a given engine .
truth: returns a manager class for a given django engine . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  parse the firewall line .
truth: parse the firewall line . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  returns true if any of the files are identical .
truth: compare two files . 
test:  module   get
truth:  compare   compare

test:  convert object to its native dicts .
truth: return the item as a qgraphicsobject if possible . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check the amount of the input line at the given offset .
truth: offsets an array *y* by +/- an error and returns a tuple . 
test:  return   null
truth:  null   offsets

test:  load an extensions for a given list of extensions .
truth: loads multiple extensions . 
test:  given   load
truth:  loads   multiple

test:  return a list of all subtitles with a given filename .
truth: converts a srt file into subtitles . 
test:  to   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  the python type of the pyparsing .
truth: hlc does not like variable with . 
test:  generates   echo
truth:  does   null

test:  perform the full content-type to the new mod .
truth: handle a mod_python request . 
test:  run   null
truth:  handle   a

test:  get a new random expression .
truth: a naive synchronous version of get_async can be useful for debugging . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   a

test:  fetches the gravatar email for a given email .
truth: returns the gravatar corresponding to the users email . 
test:  fetches   fetch
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the estimated population standard error of the values of the passed array .
truth: returns the sum along the diagonals of an array . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  assign the challenge challenge to the client .
truth: revoke the challenge . 
test:  revoke   null
truth:  revoke   null

test:  log the message with severity logging .
truth: logs a message at the debug level . 
test:  log   msg
truth:  logs   a

test:  require the django test .
truth: currently tests only use one cache so this clears all . 
test:  sets   null
truth:  tests   tests

test:  return the size of a size .
truth: turns an ipv4 netmask into its corresponding prefix length . 
test:  is   str
truth:  turns   null

test:  decorator with a method or a lock .
truth: the @threadsafe decorator ensures that no two threads execute the function simultaneously . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   null

test:  collects any html documents from the html page .
truth: returns an html page to display previous video uploads and allow new ones . 
test:  null   utility
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get current users from a site .
truth: get untranslated strings for language . 
test:  translated   update
truth:  get   get

test:  compute a general weighted matrix for shortest .
truth: compute the matrix exponential using eigenvalue decomposition . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  create a fake team .
truth: create a fake team . 
test:  fake   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return plugin .
truth: make plugin available . 
test:  null   null
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  same as a .
truth: same as abs(a) . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  true if this node is an abstract class .
truth: return true if the given class node should be considered as an abstract class . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  call the main method to run the signature from the programmer .
truth: entry point to call the stk500v2 programmer from the commandline . 
test:  point   run
truth:  point   point

test:  handle each item of the reduced paths .
truth: return a list of normalized paths with duplicates removed . 
test:  handle   paths
truth:  return   a

test:  does this setting of a corresponding tool for the corresponding settings .
truth: validates that the settings are valid for msbuild or msvs . 
test:  defines   null
truth:  validates   validates

test:  creates an oauthtoken .
truth: finds the token string after the browser is redirected . 
test:  send   attempts
truth:  finds   null

test:  this is a simpletables .
truth: perform the lexico-minimum ratio test . 
test:  find   decorator
truth:  perform   null

test:  converts data to native python objects .
truth: takes plain text data . 
test:  null   parse
truth:  takes   null

test:  the humanized seed as the python interpreter .
truth: initialize prngs that may be used by other modules in the experiment stack . 
test:  initialize   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  solves the nearest form form .
truth: returns the transformation matrix that converts a general ternary quadratic equation eq to a form without cross terms: ax^2 + by^2 + cz^2 = 0 . 
test:  wraps   checking
truth:  returns   returns

test:  all kinds encodes that discrete discrete for all kinds .
truth: arranges entity/entity group access counts by their kind . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  return the best match between list of supported quality strings .
truth: takes a list of supported mime-types and finds the best match for all the media-ranges listed in header . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  takes   a

test:  get the smtp ip for the smtp virtual subnet .
truth: get the ipgrant list for the smtp virtual server . 
test:  return   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return random chars of text and length .
truth: returns at most length randomly-generated letters and/or whitespace . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  arrange services for a resource .
truth: rearrange service_list in a new list so services are ordered by types listed in preferred_types . 
test:  retrieves   accept
truth:  null   null

test:  get a circle nodes from a circle nodes .
truth: get the circle nodes from a path . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  anybut(s) is an iterator which matches any character which is not in the string .
truth: any(s) is an re which matches any character in the string |s| . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  helper function that converts a string into a safe string .
truth: string: input string returns: a quoted string with characters that are represented in python via escape sequences converted to those escape sequences . 
test:  null   version
truth:  input   input

test:  check that the user has specified permission .
truth: check that the currently logged-in has necessary permissions on trhe trigger and action used / referenced inside the rule . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  helper function for crud debugging output .
truth: pre-allocate disk space for a file . 
test:  check   null
truth:  null   disk

test:  convert a list of :class: to a comma-separated dictionary of overriden optionally create a list of lists with converter .
truth: given jenkins build properties . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  given   jenkins

test:  all pages .
truth: static pages list . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   pages

test:  copy an archive file .
truth: copy an application archive . 
test:  copy   a
truth:  copy   copy

test:  returns the list of working interfaces between ifname and ifname .
truth: returns an ordered list of interfaces that could be used with bpf . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  write the external tree to a tree .
truth: serialise link to external file . 
test:  checking   a
truth:  link   link

test:  get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with an label key .
truth: get the label with the musicbrainz id as a dict with a label key . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  a nice style header .
truth: get role sudo commands . 
test:  is   a
truth:  get   role

test:  create a new block with encryption key .
truth: create a stateful counter block function suitable for ctr encryption modes . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  ping the message entry when we end .
truth: ping externals urls when an entry is saved . 
test:  ping   null
truth:  ping   ping

test:  test installing from a wheel file .
truth: test installing directly from a wheel file . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  never never find a random sharejs wiki .
truth: format private uuid into the form used in mongo and sharejs . 
test:  null   a
truth:  format   format

test:  creates a post request to the given user .
truth: convenience function to create and setup fake post requests . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  verify a signed sha .
truth: verify a rsassa-pkcs #1 v1 . 
test:  verify   a
truth:  verify   a

test:  returns true if the target is a target .
truth: determine whether a target is out of date . 
test:  if   length
truth:  determine   null

test:  create the default file .
truth: creates the default settings file . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   null

test:  test handling of event ordering .
truth: test event order . 
test:  warnings   event
truth:  test   event

test:  for every tidy in this stack .
truth: clean up stacktrace and remove all entries that: 1 . 
test:  marks   tree
truth:  clean   up

test:  decorator that returns a list of hosts as a list of lists .
truth: decorator defining which host or hosts to execute the wrapped function on . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  defining   decorator

test:  get all virtual_interfaces for instance .
truth: gets all virtual interfaces for instance . 
test:  get   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a consistent page class for the given page .
truth: return the account page class with the specified id . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  check to see if the image can resize it .
truth: check whether we can resize the container image file . 
test:  if   check
truth:  check   check

test:  update xml from dstpath .
truth: update or add manifest xml as resource in dstpath . 
test:  update   update
truth:  update   update

test:  create a new figure manager instance .
truth: create a new figure manager instance . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  setup the available co2 sensors .
truth: setup the ted5000 sensor . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  search a l-p for authentication .
truth: uses hashing to find any one of a set of pattern strings in a text . 
test:  search   decode
truth:  hashing   uses

test:  validate that the user is not supported .
truth: check config and view for the list of errors . 
test:  null   a
truth:  config   config

test:  documents pass .
truth: create the salt proxy file and start the proxy process if required parameters: proxyname: name to be used for this proxy start: boolean indicating if the process should be started default = true cli example: . 
test:  sets   patch
truth:  create   create

test:  sequence of the second kind of the second kind .
truth: euler numbers e0 . 
test:  compute   chebyshev
truth:  null   numbers

test:  convert a pandas value to a corresponding unicode string .
truth: convert bytes to give unit . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  bytes   bytes

test:  unpack a numpy matrix from a pdf file .
truth: unpack matrix . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  unpack   matrix

test:  create a class with the specified quality .
truth: return the qpixmap pixmap as a string saved in the specified format . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  return   return

test:  test updating a working copy when a user already exists .
truth: test working copy with sudo as a user . 
test:  updating   working
truth:  working   working

test:  append an token to a url .
truth: appends the plex home token to the api call if required . 
test:  creates   helper
truth:  appends   appends

test:  ajax preview of posts .
truth: ajax preview of posts . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   preview

test:  set copyright and credits in __builtin__ .
truth: set copyright and credits in __builtin__ . 
test:  set   copyright
truth:  set   copyright

test:  sets a cookie .
truth: sets a cookie . 
test:  sets   a
truth:  sets   a

test:  usage: {{ dictionary|at:key}} .
truth: convert a dictionary to a printable string . 
test:  to   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  get the column names from column .
truth: retrieve a column name from a column attribute of sqlalchemy model class . 
test:  get   attempts
truth:  retrieve   a

test:  return a base string which is a bytes of bytes .
truth: try to turn a string into a number of bytes . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   try

test:  returns the path of the download image .
truth: finds the path to the data cache directory and makes them if they dont exist . 
test:  downloads   download
truth:  finds   null

test:  return a url by name .
truth: given a url . 
test:  translate   null
truth:  given   a

test:  delete a blob from the cloud provider .
truth: delete a blob from a container . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  create configuration .
truth: create configuration . 
test:  populate   a
truth:  create   configuration

test:  start the django payload .
truth: start the geonode django application . 
test:  start   null
truth:  start   start

test:  show the details from opennebula concerning a named vm .
truth: show the details from digitalocean concerning a droplet . 
test:  show   show
truth:  show   show

test:  compute the hierarchical clustering of x sets .
truth: return the hierarchical clustering using a precomputed distance matrix . 
test:  return   convenience
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the transfer function for the parameters of the array .
truth: fft that adds an additional dimension by repeating result . 
test:  null   analyze
truth:  fft   fft

test:  create a class from a module .
truth: adapted from url . 
test:  returns   python
truth:  adapted   null

test:  renders the solution for a solution .
truth: check if all brackets closed properly . 
test:  null   run
truth:  if   check

test:  like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object .
truth: like :meth:url_encode but writes the results to a stream object . 
test:  serialize   like
truth:  like   like

test:  construct a byte object for binary data .
truth: return x as a binary type . 
test:  construct   null
truth:  return   x

test:  other other put .
truth: performs the login routine . 
test:  send   a
truth:  performs   null

test:  return change over time for the requested metric .
truth: return change over time for the requested metric . 
test:  change   change
truth:  change   change

test:  only work on gentoo systems .
truth: confirm this module is on a debian based system . 
test:  work   null
truth:  confirm   null

test:  make sure the message is addition .
truth: refresh the windows environment . 
test:  start   args
truth:  refresh   refresh

test:  check that latex is using latex .
truth: build sphinx latex target . 
test:  change   check
truth:  build   sphinx

test:  returns a diagonal array with all items in the flattened dimension .
truth: returns a diagonal or a diagonal array . 
test:  creates   replaces
truth:  returns   a

test:  compute the edge boundary of a directed graph .
truth: returns the edge boundary of nbunch1 . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if url is running on this host .
truth: return true when theres already a sabnzbd instance running . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  get a fixed ip by address or raise if it doesnt exist .
truth: get a fixed ip by address or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  fixed   get
truth:  get   a

test:  test with a config file extension .
truth: test if a variable is set and set to a readable path . 
test:  test   append
truth:  if   test

test:  compute polynomial division of f and g .
truth: compute polynomial exact quotient of f and g . 
test:  return   polynomial
truth:  compute   polynomial

test:  test a string .
truth: with encoding=utf-8: file "/users/jens/se/behave_main . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the worktree is installed .
truth: ensure that we dont try to operate on worktrees in git < 2 . 
test:  if   check
truth:  ensure   null

test:  fetch the repository message from the system .
truth: download rsa public key travis will use for this repo . 
test:  fetch   get
truth:  download   rsa

test:  get the loops going to the loops .
truth: add loops to either the insides or outsides . 
test:  get   null
truth:  loops   loops

test:  view for osf get confirmation .
truth: view for user to land on resend confirmation page . 
test:  to   use
truth:  view   view

test:  this function converts a text to an integer .
truth: convert the text form of a range in a generate statement to an integer . 
test:  convert   download
truth:  convert   convert

test:  utility function to verify a metaclass .
truth: return if the given class can be used as a metaclass . 
test:  null   null
truth:  if   return

test:  compute the l2 norm of the l2 norm .
truth: calculates l2 norm of the function "f" . 
test:  get   access
truth:  calculates   l2

test:  switch for a given value to the proposed proposed distribution .
truth: calculates the 1 order modified bessel function of the first kind"" . 
test:  log   download
truth:  calculates   null

test:  escape the keys with jinja .
truth: double backslashes within jinja2 expressions a user may enter something like this in a playbook:: debug: msg: "test case 13; {{ test1_name | regex_replace(^_name$ . 
test:  escape   escape
truth:  null   backslashes

test:  dijkstras shortest paths between graph .
truth: dijkstra algorithm for finding the shortest paths from the given node to all other nodes . 
test:  to   version
truth:  algorithm   algorithm

test:  works like json but supports json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  apply   a
truth:  function   function

test:  return the edges of the graph g .
truth: return iterator over edges incident to nodes in nbunch . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  iterator   iterator

test:  create a tarball in the given working directory .
truth: create a tarball from a given path . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  create   a

test:  given a schema .
truth: return a json schema for the given state function(s) . 
test:  list   null
truth:  return   a

test:  get list of all known devices cli example: .
truth: get known xfs formatted devices on the system . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  known   get

test:  normalized average true range .
truth: average directional movement index . 
test:  normalized   average
truth:  null   average

test:  only load if boto libraries exist .
truth: only load if boto libraries exist . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  find the nearest nodes of the given node .
truth: find a node whose parent is a standalone line node . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   a

test:  grab the list of files in the test data directory .
truth: get the names of all the screenshot images associated with the specified test . 
test:  create   a
truth:  get   get

test:  return metadata as a dict .
truth: return a metadata dictionary for the instance . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   a

test:  get all available regions for the aws elastictranscoder service .
truth: get all available regions for the aws elastic transcoder service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  updates email preferences for the given user .
truth: updates whether the user has chosen to receive email updates . 
test:  email   update
truth:  updates   updates

test:  remove invalid values from string .
truth: separate out individual student email from the comma . 
test:  split   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  returns a suite from a new-style tag .
truth: returns the function to run for the test runner . 
test:  get   return
truth:  returns   returns

test:  elementwise hyperbolic assumes the input variable is a copy of the errors: no variable .
truth: returns the shape of a tensor . 
test:  elementwise   sqlobjects
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for notify which is used with statement .
truth: return a function with identical signature as original_functions which will call the wrapped_function . 
test:  call   attribute
truth:  return   a

test:  only work on gentoo systems with setquota installed .
truth: module load on freebsd only and if poudriere installed . 
test:  work   work
truth:  load   load

test:  arrange the given list of key-value classes into a list of nested lists .
truth: recursive helper function for getclasstree() . 
test:  returns   multiple
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  del a lease .
truth: called when a lease expires . 
test:  delete   delete
truth:  called   null

test:  get the absolute file for the directory the directory path .
truth: get the entire text of a file with the given file name in the given directory . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  return art .
truth: dump the current list of filehandles . 
test:  get   null
truth:  dump   null

test:  user delete page .
truth: user delete . 
test:  null   delete
truth:  delete   delete

test:  converts an address to a uuid .
truth: deterministically convert ip to uuid . 
test:  converts   generate
truth:  convert   convert

test:  returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 .
truth: returns a plural suffix if the value is not 1 . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns a dictionary product of existing and all entries for this module .
truth: provides the tor directory authority information as of **tor on 11/21/14** . 
test:  get   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  compute content and the content of f .
truth: compute gcd of coefficients of f . 
test:  content   compute
truth:  gcd   gcd

test:  read in the desired file for a file .
truth: return true if hard linking is possible in the current directory . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  internal interface to the flat page view .
truth: internal interface to the flat page view . 
test:  null   display
truth:  null   interface

test:  transliterate an unicode string into an ascii object .
truth: transliterate an unicode object into an ascii string . 
test:  form   null
truth:  transliterate   null

test:  generate a unique id for a given path .
truth: compute a string usable as a new . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  sends a message to the admins .
truth: sends a message to the admins . 
test:  sends   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  for a given directory .
truth: symbolically link a theme . 
test:  create   a
truth:  link   link

test:  returns the program path to the executable .
truth: find the path to an executable . 
test:  returns   scan
truth:  find   find

test:  return human size in human readable units .
truth: print sizes in a similar fashion as eclean . 
test:  scaling   expressions
truth:  print   sizes

test:  generate a dict containing the decorated function .
truth: create a object that will be saved into the database based on options . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  create   a

test:  computes the squared central central .
truth: skew is third central moment / variance** . 
test:  test   null
truth:  is   null

test:  return a valid template_name directory which provides a valid name of a readlinebridge .
truth: return a temporary directory path object which is unique to each test function invocation . 
test:  fixture   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return the first configured instance .
truth: return the first configured instance . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  converts a vector to a diagonal matrix .
truth: converts the diagonal of a matrix to a vector . 
test:  compare   null
truth:  converts   converts

test:  write a fif source file to a fif file .
truth: write source spaces to a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  source   source

test:  convert a number to hex bytes .
truth: convert a number to hex format . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  convert   a

test:  process the list of pids of a process .
truth: verify if any processes from ppid is defunct . 
test:  ensures   process
truth:  if   null

test:  helper to convert a string to a human readable form .
truth: converts a textual representation of integer numbers and ranges to a python list . 
test:  to   convert
truth:  converts   a

test:  tickets view .
truth: tickets filtered by status . 
test:  owned   tasks
truth:  filtered   tickets

test:  compresses the given string as gzip and returns a byte string .
truth: return the gzip-compressed version of the given bytes . 
test:  return   data
truth:  return   return

test:  render the template_file modules .
truth: render the template_file . 
test:  render   render
truth:  render   render

test:  convert correlation in zwietering to 2d probability distribution parameters x : array_like .
truth: fan and gijbels example function 2 . 
test:  function   null
truth:  null   null

test:  guess the overlap between two snapshots .
truth: works an an appropriate ordering for the models . 
test:  link   time
truth:  works   works

test:  create a retention policy .
truth: create a retention policy . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  return the full pathname of a appropriate for this process .
truth: return the directory containing the python library . 
test:  constructs   get
truth:  return   return

test:  given a list of concept formatted points from a list of points .
truth: convert latitude and longitude data to utm as a list of coordinates . 
test:  convert   display
truth:  convert   latitude

test:  utility method that does a whitelist which looks like it does not exist .
truth: check a given request host against a whitelist . 
test:  return   check
truth:  check   a

test:  log an agreement .
truth: log an informational item in the meeting log url . 
test:  log   log
truth:  log   log

test:  renders a template with a file with rendering .
truth: render a template to unicode . 
test:  create   rendering
truth:  render   a

test:  setup the raspberry pi gpio platform .
truth: find and return switches controlled by shell commands . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  find   find

test:  return the last argument of a list .
truth: returns the last c arguments value by reference . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit .
truth: return a slice of items according to requested offset and limit . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  test rl_beginning_of_line .
truth: test rl_end_of_line . 
test:  test   rl_beginning_of_line
truth:  test   test

test:  close all current data tunnel .
truth: close the nkx tunnel connection on shutdown . 
test:  close   close
truth:  close   close

test:  attach a json epic custom epic representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json epic custom attributes representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  return the context for the given locale .
truth: return locale from the context . 
test:  issue   a
truth:  return   locale

test:  classify float numbers based on sequences of float numbers of length 3 using a single layer of gru units .
truth: apply a same dense layer for each element of time dimension of the input and make predictions of the output sequence elements . 
test:  test   null
truth:  apply   a

test:  only works on windows systems .
truth: this only supports windows . 
test:  works   load
truth:  null   null

test:  writes a string to a file .
truth: return rootobject as a plist-formatted string . 
test:  write   a
truth:  return   rootobject

test:  get movie time .
truth: get the current movie time . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  print a page to the given object .
truth: write html documentation to a file in the current directory . 
test:  given   null
truth:  write   html

test:  compute the 2-dimensional inverse finite radon transform for an x integer array .
truth: compute the 2-dimensional finite radon transform for an n x n integer array . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  list all password on a specific selinux .
truth: lists database roles . 
test:  call   a
truth:  lists   database

test:  check that the forwards of a forwards table exists .
truth: load data from the fixture . 
test:  default   a
truth:  load   data

test:  shutdown a running system .
truth: shuts down the service . 
test:  shutdown   a
truth:  shuts   null

test:  check that a filename matches the given filename .
truth: regular expression match for date based files returns the matchobject if a match is made . 
test:  function   check
truth:  null   expression

test:  return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package .
truth: return a formatted diff between current files and original in a package . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach a json issue statuses representation to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   a

test:  attempt to dylib .
truth: a dylib name can take one of the following four forms: location/name . 
test:  return   utility
truth:  null   a

test:  load this state if the win_lgpo module exists .
truth: only load if alternatives execution module is available . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  utility function that yields a single stats .
truth: utility function to generate a single random sentence with stats . 
test:  function   function
truth:  function   function

test:  wrap a message for a given class .
truth: helper for _addmessagemethods() . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   helper

test:  helper for multiply multiply the first kind of the offset .
truth: tunes the scaling parameter for the proposal distribution according to the acceptance rate over the last tune_interval: rate variance adaptation <0 . 
test:  finds   null
truth:  null   null

test:  handle move widgets .
truth: handle moving of admin widgets . 
test:  handle   selection
truth:  moving   handle

test:  return a series of an image .
truth: returns a rescaled image by a specific factor given in parameter . 
test:  returns   scale
truth:  returns   a

test:  simple_stmt : ref .
truth: const_ref : identifier . 
test:  return   connection
truth:  null   null

test:  attempt to delete a temporary file .
truth: delete a directory if its present . 
test:  remove   delete
truth:  delete   a

test:  return a list of writing .
truth: for convenience . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   convenience

test:  serialize an inventory dict to a temporary inventory .
truth: turn a single inventory into a dictionary . 
test:  return   null
truth:  turn   a

test:  alternate shell file or text .
truth: alteration a gcode linear move text . 
test:  raft   null
truth:  alteration   a

test:  print a string like an except to log in a given file .
truth: print a message out and log it to file . 
test:  print   a
truth:  print   a

test:  deletes a single repo .
truth: deletes a repository . 
test:  delete   changes
truth:  deletes   a

test:  delete a user cli examples: .
truth: delete ec2-compatible credentials cli examples: . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  delete   delete

test:  given the .
truth: converts a tuple to #rrggbb . 
test:  translates   string
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a job for the specified jid .
truth: sends a kill signal to the named salt jobs process cli example: . 
test:  kill   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  determine if the flags is equal to the last word of a given word .
truth: determine if the line is the start of a layer . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  write all the data to a descriptor .
truth: write all the data to a descriptor . 
test:  write   null
truth:  write   null

test:  encode a dbref .
truth: encode bson . 
test:  encode   a
truth:  encode   bson

test:  usage: dbref(3) this lock type .
truth: alias to dbref . 
test:  null   null
truth:  to   alias

test:  tests that reports fails with a duplicate file extension .
truth: tests projects are not created with reserved project codes . 
test:  ensure   test
truth:  projects   projects

test:  validate the email address .
truth: checks if an email address is syntactically correct . 
test:  if   value
truth:  if   checks

test:  dump all installed plugins and get the system group cli example: .
truth: test configuration and exit cli example: . 
test:  runs   check
truth:  test   configuration

test:  return the name of the strength strength .
truth: convert a numerical strength constant into a human-readable value . 
test:  return   ordereddict
truth:  convert   a

test:  unpack an archive .
truth: unpack filename to extract_dir . 
test:  unpack   a
truth:  filename   filename

test:  update a resource id .
truth: update volume type by id . 
test:  updates   a
truth:  update   volume

test:  this function returns the current sleep to use for the github server .
truth: displays the amount of idle time until the machine sleeps . 
test:  confirm   get
truth:  displays   null

test:  given an acovf .
truth: calculates rsquared residual . 
test:  return   module
truth:  calculates   null

test:  pause a message .
truth: pauses test execution until user clicks ok button . 
test:  show   waits
truth:  test   test

test:  make sure that the timezone is available .
truth: resets the device to default factory settings . 
test:  grab   null
truth:  resets   null

test:  norm l21 for random helper .
truth: l21 norm . 
test:  null   nodes
truth:  null   norm

test:  create an option for all option and sends a given pillar .
truth: pass in a generic option and receive the value that will be assigned cli example: . 
test:  returns   up
truth:  pass   in

test:  return the status for a service .
truth: return the status for a service . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  sets the http password for commentserializer .
truth: adds authentication credentials for current target to the password manager . 
test:  set   mavexporer
truth:  adds   authentication

test:  converts a numpy array into a numpy array .
truth: converts a bit array to a boolean numpy array . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set cookies of the current user .
truth: set g . 
test:  get   information
truth:  set   g

test:  bootstrap a container .
truth: bootstrap a ubuntu linux container . 
test:  bootstrap   bootstrap
truth:  bootstrap   a

test:  handle printing of this handler .
truth: handler for term signal . 
test:  null   callback
truth:  null   handler

test:  return memory usage in bytes as a namedtuple .
truth: return memory used in mb . 
test:  return   average
truth:  return   memory

test:  this function is deprecated .
truth: replace the name of the encoding in the charset rule at the beginning of input with encoding . 
test:  based   a
truth:  replace   replace

test:  perform a single request / response cycle .
truth: perform a single request / response cycle . 
test:  perform   need
truth:  perform   a

test:  cool a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  outset   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  set the given security group on the given group and update it .
truth: update a security group . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   a

test:  mount the relative location to the users location .
truth: mount an image cli example: . 
test:  inserts   up
truth:  mount   mount

test:  test the sklearn estimator compatibility .
truth: test the sklearn estimator compatibility . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the thumbnail .
truth: get the path to the the thumbnail . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  retrieve a long description .
truth: create the long_description from other files . 
test:  given   get
truth:  create   create

test:  returns the regexp type .
truth: return safety filter and db opts for regex . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   safety

test:  returns a hex string .
truth: convert binary to hexadecimal . 
test:  null   string
truth:  convert   binary

test:  generator to return the median for each alphabet .
truth: lexicographic -> iterator the words with symbols in alphabet . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  validates g for all nodes to reach a dominating dominating .
truth: returns a dominating set that approximates the minimum weight node dominating set . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  view function to upload the path to the binary descriptor .
truth: upload sample to windows vm . 
test:  uploads   a
truth:  sample   sample

test:  returns a uniform uniform distribution for the sample correction parameters mask-passwords : float returns writeme .
truth: uniform distribution with the given stdev and size . 
test:  generates   works
truth:  null   distribution

test:  like json .
truth: helper function that wraps :func:json . 
test:  dumps   json
truth:  function   function

test:  get a path relative to the zipline paths .
truth: get a path relative to the zipline cache directory . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  returns the front cover art for a given image and a entitytype image .
truth: download the front cover art for a release group . 
test:  get   get
truth:  download   download

test:  makes the clip go away by one side of the screen .
truth: makes the clip arrive from one side of the screen . 
test:  null   remove
truth:  makes   null

test:  indentation : string in the current block of the different number of seconds .
truth: returns the indented parameter . 
test:  null   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return true if youre following the given dataset .
truth: return true if youre following the given dataset . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  transform a socket into a new socket .
truth: shorthand for creating a conneciton over a socket to a server . 
test:  returns   strategy
truth:  null   shorthand

test:  rq command line tool .
truth: tools for interacting with the time series database . 
test:  command   command
truth:  null   tools

test:  get all dependencies from the database via parent shed .
truth: return a list of repositorydependency objects that specify the provided repository metadata record as the parent . 
test:  get   null
truth:  return   a

test:  import a module .
truth: import a module dynamically into a package . 
test:  import   imports
truth:  import   a

test:  test bayesian info from bayesian info .
truth: this test is from: url akaikelsg . 
test:  boot   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return boolean series indicating whether each string in the series/index ends with passed pattern .
truth: return boolean series/array indicating whether each string in the series/index starts with passed pattern . 
test:  boolean   a
truth:  boolean   boolean

test:  make sure expressions can produce floats .
truth: make sure that symbols are valid expressions . 
test:  make   null
truth:  make   null

test:  generate a random sample of images with the specified parameters effect_size : float estimate of observations of the process in the sample inverse .
truth: simulate garch like process but not squared errors in arma used for initial trial but produces nice graph . 
test:  is   hours
truth:  simulate   garch

test:  remove whitespace from whitespace .
truth: remove white-space on topo matching . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  creates a student for a student on the student .
truth: enroll a student by email . 
test:  unenroll   a
truth:  enroll   a

test:  set the queryset of all the forum to use only .
truth: view all the forums . 
test:  loads   view
truth:  view   view

test:  creates a path .
truth: always return a unicode path . 
test:  test   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a list of the longest permutations in which the given sequence is the word of the first letter type .
truth: returns the longest subsequence of seq that is strictly increasing . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns true if the current command is a convenience function .
truth: returns true if command is call to one of passed app names . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  updates comments after parent if request is in place .
truth: update _comments in parent if _comments column is missing . 
test:  add   task
truth:  update   update

test:  make sure that cursor is joined in a system .
truth: return rss memory usage as a humanized string . 
test:  null   null
truth:  return   rss

test:  get a list of project attachments .
truth: helper to get some starting data . 
test:  picks   data
truth:  to   helper

test:  reads all namespaces with an existing query .
truth: return all namespaces . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   return

test:  install a test environment for installation .
truth: require conda to be installed . 
test:  require   a
truth:  require   conda

test:  a helper to set the locale for the given category .
truth: fake version of locale . 
test:  take   a
truth:  fake   version

test:  registers an admin extension .
truth: register extension with collection of admin extensions . 
test:  null   null
truth:  register   extension

test:  time the decorated function that produces a line with a data plot .
truth: q-q plot of the quantiles of x versus the quantiles/ppf of a distribution . 
test:  test   histogram
truth:  plot   plot

test:  wrapper for colorize .
truth: wrapper for colorize . 
test:  text   releases
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  convert a file to a bezier .
truth: check if these two filenames belong to the same module . 
test:  null   filename
truth:  if   check

test:  returns the target="_blank" .
truth: set the username and password to be used in subsequent queries to the musicbrainz xml api that require authentication . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  set   set

test:  checks if a string is a valid ip address .
truth: determine whether the given string represents an ip address of the given family; by default . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  determine   null

test:  replaces any string with spaces .
truth: return the number of "significant" text characters in a html string . 
test:  returns   counts
truth:  return   return

test:  reinstall ruby the ruby ruby the ruby ruby the ruby to reinstall .
truth: reinstall a ruby implementation ruby the version of ruby to reinstall runas the user under which to run rvm . 
test:  installs   a
truth:  null   a

test:  convert a dns rdata class into text .
truth: convert a dns rdata type to text . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  validates that data can be loaded .
truth: some sensors read "disabled" . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  null   sensors

test:  use tree for custom test .
truth: keeps track of whether numexpr was used . 
test:  set   parsing
truth:  track   track

test:  api to handle webhooks from github repository .
truth: api to handle commit hooks from github . 
test:  move   api
truth:  to   api

test:  randomly choose a list of choices from a list of values .
truth: returns a value from choices chosen by weighted random selection choices should be a list of tuples . 
test:  choose   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address .
truth: retrieve the certificate from the server at the specified address . 
test:  retrieve   null
truth:  retrieve   null

test:  builder for rebulk object .
truth: builder for rebulk object . 
test:  null   hexadecimal
truth:  null   builder

test:  return sqs currently configured for a vpc .
truth: get a boto connection to sqs . 
test:  get   fetch
truth:  get   a

test:  send a user as a list of all users .
truth: show profile of a specific user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  profile   profile

test:  converts qubit to a single matrix .
truth: converts an add/mul of qubit objects into its matrix representation this function is the inverse of matrix_to_qubit and is a shorthand for represent . 
test:  email   a
truth:  converts   converts

test:  returns true if any of the passed value is a boolean .
truth: return a boolean if the expression matches with re . 
test:  used   return
truth:  return   a

test:  delete a thread .
truth: delete a thread . 
test:  null   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  write a nice file .
truth: save the history file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  save   null

test:  given a dictionary of parameter properties .
truth: look for template macros and populate param_dict with these . 
test:  returns   normalize
truth:  look   null

test:  expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ .
truth: expected inclusion_only_unlimited_args __doc__ . 
test:  expected   null
truth:  expected   null

test:  yaml: claim-build abort a build for promotion .
truth: yaml: dry publish trend reports with dry . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  this function is installed in the bulk jail command .
truth: run bulk build on poudriere server . 
test:  modify   function
truth:  run   bulk

test:  perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class .
truth: perform a sax parse of an xml document with the _tostan class . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  perform   a

test:  return the number of logical cpus in the system .
truth: return the number of logical cpus in the system . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the score values for the given submissions .
truth: returns the score for a problem . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  a valid python package name .
truth: convert an arbitrary string to a standard distribution name any runs of non-alphanumeric/ . 
test:  remove   convert
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return keys of iterable objects .
truth: convert an object in a tuple of strings . 
test:  turn   null
truth:  convert   convert

test:  return a list of meters by source .
truth: return a list of meters by source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  elementwise sin function .
truth: elementwise sin function . 
test:  elementwise   elementwise
truth:  elementwise   sin

test:  return a list of query string with all words in the query string .
truth: get query words split the query into words and return a list of strings . 
test:  return   word
truth:  query   query

test:  ask for a filename to open .
truth: ask for a directory . 
test:  ask   null
truth:  ask   null

test:  validate a validator value .
truth: goes through all known type validators . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  goes   null

test:  api: accepts output .
truth: api: send a test growl notification . 
test:  null   send
truth:  send   send

test:  get all non-deleted types .
truth: get all non-deleted volume_types . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  used by class to prints a report to a report class .
truth: hook that is ran when old api name is used . 
test:  hook   a
truth:  hook   hook

test:  a simple wrapper for the kv(z) method .
truth: wrap a python readline so it behaves like gnu readline . 
test:  null   media
truth:  wrap   a

test:  return a new .
truth: get a classname from an object . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  get   a

test:  get all ctrl+c belonging to a project .
truth: get all groups for a specific project_id . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  get information about a cache node .
truth: get hostname from cache node cli example:: salt myminion boto_elasticache . 
test:  hostname   hostname
truth:  hostname   hostname

test:  check for gogrid configs .
truth: set up the libcloud functions and check for rackspace configuration . 
test:  check   check
truth:  set   up

test:  add url to url if not present in url .
truth: add auth if the url doesnt currently have it . 
test:  adds   validate
truth:  add   auth

test:  capitalizes first character of the first .
truth: capitalizes the first character of the value . 
test:  capitalizes   null
truth:  capitalizes   null

test:  check that a plotly plotly graph is a plotly graph object .
truth: validate a dictionary . 
test:  function   validates
truth:  validate   a

test:  creates a linear transform .
truth: theano shared variable given input and output dimension . 
test:  accepts   theano
truth:  shared   theano

test:  returns a dependents tree which is the same as the "physical_host" tree .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node which returns true if the node is located at a specific tree position . 
test:  is   characters
truth:  builds   a

test:  returns a dict containing the categories that are available for the given database .
truth: return list-copy of categories section thats ordered by users ordering including default-category . 
test:  is   multiple
truth:  return   return

test:  seek forward one unit at a time .
truth: seek forward 1000 units at a time . 
test:  resize   null
truth:  seek   null

test:  converts a string with potentially kirby pairs to a regular expression .
truth: escape values special to javascript in strings . 
test:  text   null
truth:  escape   values

test:  element-wise cos .
truth: computes cos of x element-wise . 
test:  test   elementwise
truth:  computes   null

test:  helper function to return the current courses .
truth: return data to a remote carbon server using the text metric protocol each metric will look like:: [module] . 
test:  return   get
truth:  return   data

test:  return the inet address for a organization .
truth: purge an organization . 
test:  purge   return
truth:  purge   null

test:  retrieve users users removed by the given user .
truth: separates users into ones with permissions and ones without given a list . 
test:  function   generic
truth:  separates   users

test:  like test_record_bad .
truth: tests that when we record a sequence of events . 
test:  like   test
truth:  tests   tests

test:  check to make sure the virtualserver exists cli examples: .
truth: check to see if a virtual server exists cli examples: . 
test:  to   check
truth:  to   check

test:  converts any object into a marshallable type .
truth: helper for converting an object to a dictionary only if it is not dictionary already or an indexable object nor a simple type . 
test:  to   obj
truth:  null   helper

test:  creates a repository .
truth: called from the tool shed to generate the current list of supported repository types . 
test:  is   a
truth:  called   null

test:  computes the power of order n .
truth: polygamma function n . 
test:  null   compute
truth:  function   function

test:  load the strikes data and returns a dataset class instance .
truth: load the spector dataset and returns a dataset class instance . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  compute shortest path between all nodes in a weighted graph .
truth: compute shortest paths between all nodes . 
test:  compute   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  parse a explicity path .
truth: take a path to a field like "mezzanine . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  take   a

test:  disables a single host for the given host .
truth: simulates three possible behaviours for vm drivers or compute drivers when enabling or disabling a host . 
test:  set   access
truth:  simulates   null

test:  creates a new security group cli example: .
truth: add a secgroup to nova cli example: . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  add   a

test:  method to detect if csp policies are specified for script/style .
truth: method to detect if csp policies are specified for script . 
test:  to   method
truth:  to   method

test:  convert a numeric micropennies micropennies .
truth: the price of a single op in micropennies . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  null   price

test:  try to apply a set of image to a per image .
truth: returns a figure comparing the outputs of different methods . 
test:  function   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  generate a new random number with the right number of bits .
truth: size : int returns the size of the number n in bits . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   size

test:  are we in the thread responsable for i/o requests ? .
truth: are we in the thread responsible for i/o requests ? . 
test:  are   null
truth:  are   null

test:  fuse a function to fuse a single line .
truth: fuse getitem with lower operation parameters dsk: dict dask graph func: function a function in a task to merge place: int location in task to insert the getitem key examples . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   getitem

test:  expression : minus expression %prec uminus .
truth: expression : - expression %prec uminus . 
test:  null   expression
truth:  null   expression

test:  return true if the object is a generator .
truth: return true if the object is a traceback . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  return   return

test:  formats a datetime object for use in http headers .
truth: formats a datetime object for use in http headers . 
test:  formats   a
truth:  formats   a

test:  cm request type cm section 9 .
truth: cm service request section 9 . 
test:  null   service
truth:  null   service

test:  turn an object into a containing that consist consist .
truth: shape of expression . 
test:  null   string
truth:  null   shape

test:  sample : prediction .
truth: turn a prediction into 1-hot encoded samples . 
test:  turn   a
truth:  turn   a

test:  default page handler .
truth: default 404 handler . 
test:  return   a
truth:  default   default

test:  show legend .
truth: map command . 
test:  process   options
truth:  command   command

test:  calls the utilities function to take the cli cli example: .
truth: handle irc cli . 
test:  disable   null
truth:  handle   irc

test:  generate a tuple of sets of elements .
truth: finds the dimensions of a sliced expression . 
test:  calculates   a
truth:  finds   null

test:  fake function to format the html arguments for use in javascript code .
truth: similar to str % foo . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  to   null

test:  find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted .
truth: find all objects related to objs that should also be deleted . 
test:  find   find
truth:  find   find

test:  use a vpc returns a vpc instance where there is no tags found in the given vpc .
truth: finds a vpc that matches a specific id or cidr + tags module : ansiblemodule object vpc_conn: authenticated vpcconnection connection object returns: a vpc object that matches either an id or cidr and one or more tag values . 
test:  given   vpc
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract the javascript msgids from a specific file .
truth: return message ids of translateable strings in js source . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   message

test:  ensure its possible to y values are passed .
truth: makes sure that whenever scale is zero . 
test:  handle   null
truth:  makes   null

test:  create a multi-dimensional figure with x .
truth: simply create a figure with the default settings . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   create

test:  get a list of the results for the last tool .
truth: from the result of a l{deferred} returned by l{iresolver . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  view function that returns a list of tuples of a single urls that will be run in the process of a sequence of the following format:: nonzero .
truth: multi-threading vs async-io vs regular . 
test:  running   function
truth:  null   null

test:  returns the value of the specified user preference with the specified user .
truth: deletes a user preference on behalf of a requesting user . 
test:  null   a
truth:  deletes   a

test:  get text that may be used in pager .
truth: the first time this is called . 
test:  writes   null
truth:  null   null

test:  get the browse browse by name .
truth: get the old default . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  raise a warning .
truth: issue a warning . 
test:  raise   a
truth:  issue   a

test:  return file in same format as a .
truth: return 0 if a and b have nothing in common return 1 if a and b are actually the same path return 2 if b is a subfolder of a . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  ensure that the given executable can accept strings .
truth: validate the error logging behavior of _sync_command_error_squashed . 
test:  validate   null
truth:  validate   validate

test:  create a template tag .
truth: given a model params dictionary . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   a

test:  loads all modules with the same name .
truth: the code checking for from __future__ import absolute_import shouldnt assume that all imports have non-none namespaces . 
test:  detect   null
truth:  code   code

test:  list roles available for {}with .
truth: list all available roles cli example: . 
test:  given   null
truth:  list   list

test:  template tag for myanmar .
truth: if the user has a non-english locale set . 
test:  converts   reader
truth:  if   null

test:  test the corrmat matrix from the corrmat matrix .
truth: test that the distribution looks right . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the parameters for the current request .
truth: used for ensuring that percona xtradb cluster is installed and not a common mysql-server . 
test:  list   null
truth:  used   null

test:  return a new text with all occurrences of a new string .
truth: return a copy of the value with all occurrences of a substring replaced with a new one . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  place a specified order by specified id .
truth: place an order by specified number of lots . 
test:  place   hook
truth:  place   place

test:  given the specified policy name .
truth: detach the specified policy from the specified principal returns {detached: true} if the policy was detached {detached: false} if the policy was not detached . 
test:  given   null
truth:  detach   detach

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  setup the lg webos component .
truth: use config values to set up a function enabling status retrieval . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  config   config

test:  class decorator that match the given class with the given class .
truth: a decorator to mark abstract base classes derived from |hasprops| . 
test:  raises   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  waits for a volume to a status .
truth: waits for a volume to reach a given status . 
test:  null   waits
truth:  null   waits

test:  produce a clause clause for a underlying indices .
truth: produce a between predicate clause . 
test:  create   a
truth:  produce   a

test:  return a new .
truth: return a new . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  fetch a pull request for a github api .
truth: get pull request info by number . 
test:  pull   pull
truth:  pull   pull

test:  set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any .
truth: set the default colormap to prism and apply to current image if any . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  dump the content of a content with a different password .
truth: format the password and salt for saving :arg password: the plaintext password to save :arg salt: the salt to use when encrypting a password :arg encrypt: whether the user requests that this password is encrypted . 
test:  dump   null
truth:  format   format

test:  common metric for the metric .
truth: metric_init this is called by gmond to initialise the metrics . 
test:  print   watch
truth:  null   null

test:  makes sure that ignored with ignored are valid .
truth: organizes multiple extensions that are separated with commas or passed by using --extension/-e multiple times . 
test:  iterates   values
truth:  null   multiple

test:  returns a dict of the docstring .
truth: get the output volume cli example: . 
test:  run   runs
truth:  get   get

test:  return the trace from the trace .
truth: return the representative h satisfying h[gj] == p_i if there is not such a representative return none . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   return

test:  wrapper around dog_stats_api .
truth: add the service user . 
test:  set   a
truth:  add   add

test:  compile a file from the host supplied directory .
truth: return the compile contract code . 
test:  compiles   compile
truth:  return   return

test:  send notification with purchase invoice link after purchase .
truth: send notification with order invoice link after purchase . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   notification

test:  display information about a specific updates cli example: .
truth: return a list of sysctl parameters for this minion cli example: . 
test:  show   information
truth:  return   a

test:  updates the task list .
truth: update global state when a task has been accepted . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  update   update

test:  returns the unicode .
truth: this method is similar to the builtin unicode . 
test:  like   returns
truth:  null   method

test:  declare a module-level attribute as deprecated .
truth: declare a module-level attribute as being deprecated . 
test:  declare   a
truth:  declare   a

test:  this builds a lambda function representing a tgrep2 search algorithm on a tgrep2 node .
truth: builds a lambda function representing a predicate on a tree node from the disjunction of several other such lambda functions . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  builds   a

test:  check that a file is invalid .
truth: determine if a pywintypes . 
test:  return   parse
truth:  if   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if two array_like objects are equal .
truth: compares lists of arrays pairwise with assert_array_equal . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  lists   lists

test:  creates the output filename .
truth: creates the output filename . 
test:  to   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  handles a forgotten password process .
truth: sends a reset password token to the user . 
test:  requests   a
truth:  sends   a

test:  like expr .
truth: lambda for an expresion . 
test:  given   options
truth:  lambda   lambda

test:  for a display path .
truth: gives the display value for a given path . 
test:  gives   null
truth:  gives   null

test:  called by the csc row of second_dict for private_ips .
truth: a factory for generating contact commands . 
test:  works   method
truth:  null   factory

test:  constructs and returns the manager entrypoint flow .
truth: constructs and returns the api entrypoint flow . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  constructs   null

test:  execute a command .
truth: execute a single command and check the returns . 
test:  search   a
truth:  execute   a

test:  parse a four .
truth: function used to render rekall _eprocess objects . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  used   function

test:  url minimal minimal logic .
truth: tests editor filters are correctly constructed . 
test:  test   test
truth:  tests   editor

test:  helper to get a default gcs bucket for the given bucket .
truth: gets the default gs bucket name for the app . 
test:  create   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  returns a list of first upper-cased in the request .
truth: returns mean of non-none elements of the list . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  mean   mean

test:  test reconstruction where and covered .
truth: test reconstruction with image and mask of zeros . 
test:  ensure   reconstruction
truth:  test   reconstruction

test:  writes debug messages to stderr .
truth: print a log message to stderr . 
test:  write   null
truth:  print   a

test:  compute time-frequency representation of source pkg-info .
truth: compute induced power and phase lock . 
test:  null   scaling
truth:  induced   compute

test:  returns a random network corrupt for a given long integer .
truth: flip a given percentage or number of bits from a string . 
test:  null   a
truth:  flip   a

test:  helper method that ensures the secret of parameters .
truth: introspect the parameters dict and return a new dict with masked secret parameters . 
test:  mask   filter
truth:  null   null

test:  attempts to determine the current process for a given process .
truth: provides the user a process is running under . 
test:  provides   null
truth:  provides   null

test:  rate to add a comment .
truth: adds new comment . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  adds   new

test:  converts any urls to a string that describes the default iri .
truth: transform an iri to a uri by escaping unicode . 
test:  convert   return
truth:  transform   transform

test:  raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes .
truth: raise typeerror if x is a str containing non-utf8 bytes or if x is an iterable which contains such a str . 
test:  raise   typeerror
truth:  raise   typeerror

test:  create a schema from the postgres server .
truth: creates a postgres schema . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns a wsgi application script .
truth: paste deploy interface for :class:cgiapplication this object acts as a proxy to a cgi application . 
test:  make   a
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  return the cumulative distribution function for the py3k distribution .
truth: limit e(x) for x-> oo . 
test:  return   remove
truth:  limit   limit

test:  get the connected connected perspective .
truth: login callback which invokes the remote "foo" method on the perspective which the server returned . 
test:  callback   tuple
truth:  callback   callback

test:  pick a disk driver name .
truth: pick the libvirt primary backend driver name if the hypervisor supports multiple backend drivers we have to tell libvirt which one should be used . 
test:  shared   tasks
truth:  pick   pick

test:  model a case where there is no concurrency while uploading .
truth: model a failure of the explicit segment under concurrency . 
test:  model   null
truth:  model   a

test:  set a dictionary in dictionary if none .
truth: similar to pythons built in dictionary[key] = value . 
test:  value   user
truth:  to   null

test:  left-aligns the value in a field of a given width .
truth: left-aligns the value in a field of a given width argument: field size . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  returns a handle to the latest image label .
truth: return image inside a qlabel object . 
test:  returns   labels
truth:  return   image

test:  remove playlist from playlist .
truth: delete a saved playlist by name - or purge working playlist if *all . 
test:  open   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  setup the redis available pools .
truth: starts the connection pool for all configured redis servers . 
test:  set   setup
truth:  starts   null

test:  converts a list to a dictionary .
truth: make a list out of an argument . 
test:  breaks   null
truth:  make   a

test:  decodes the object input and returns a tuple .
truth: decodes the object input and returns a tuple . 
test:  decodes   decodes
truth:  decodes   decodes

test:  generate a dictionary that maps fields to a resource .
truth: returns a list of automatically handled fields for a resource . 
test:  default   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  documents a batch action .
truth: documents a collections batch action . 
test:  documents   documents
truth:  documents   a

test:  returns the cache for all cache .
truth: returns internal cache object from globally installed cachedsession . 
test:  null   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns the information associated with a given job snapshot .
truth: returns the changes applied by a jid jid the job id to lookup config configuration name . 
test:  return   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  takes a symbol and splits it into a numpy group .
truth: split out the symbol: sid mappings from the raw data . 
test:  like   a
truth:  split   split

test:  broadcast messages to a topic .
truth: publish messages to a topic . 
test:  publish   a
truth:  publish   messages

test:  the character code should not contain a column .
truth: if a row does not have enough columns . 
test:  test   null
truth:  if   a

test:  restores a config zip file back to a destination zip file .
truth: restores a config zip file back in place . 
test:  restores   a
truth:  restores   a

test:  test the fit sample routine .
truth: test the fit sample routine . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a 2-tuple of the form names .
truth: try to apply the pattern to all of the string . 
test:  to   try
truth:  to   try

test:  perform an soa record lookup .
truth: naptr lookup . 
test:  perform   a
truth:  lookup   lookup

test:  compute edge connectivity for each node in a graph .
truth: auxiliary digraph for computing flow based edge connectivity if the input graph is undirected . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  null   digraph

test:  returns the support for the given data .
truth: a helper for returning a unittest testcase for testing . 
test:  null   test
truth:  null   helper

test:  a view that returns a 404 with a image status .
truth: returns a 500 internal server error . 
test:  function   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns the executable name .
truth: returns |params . 
test:  returns   checks
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get all outlines fresnel .
truth: returns stdout and stderr output for a console test . 
test:  get   value
truth:  returns   stdout

test:  load a keyfile file into a file .
truth: a "plain" keyfile is a file containing only the key . 
test:  load   return
truth:  null   a

test:  plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram .
truth: plot an image along with its histogram and cumulative histogram . 
test:  read   plot
truth:  plot   plot

test:  test that a user is valid .
truth: returns a simple verification callback that simply verifies that the users and password match that provided . 
test:  check   null
truth:  returns   a

test:  if auth fails .
truth: if auth fails . 
test:  if   auth
truth:  if   auth

test:  download an existing user .
truth: request permission to download a resource . 
test:  view   function
truth:  request   permission

test:  check if a checker looks like a checker .
truth: quick check to see if a file looks like it may be a tool file . 
test:  check   check
truth:  check   check

test:  given vpc properties .
truth: given vpc properties . 
test:  given   fetch
truth:  given   vpc

test:  loads config file from a file .
truth: validates the given file for use as the settings file for bgpspeaker and loads the configuration from the given file as a module instance . 
test:  load   config
truth:  validates   validates

test:  return a dict with markers in the message .
truth: frame the given message with our wire protocol . 
test:  receive   a
truth:  null   frame

test:  list all catalogs available for the specified results .
truth: returns list of all catalogs created on this api key args: kwargs: results : an integer number of results to return start : an integer starting value for the result set returns: a list of catalog objects example: . 
test:  list   lists
truth:  list   list

test:  show the version of available cluster .
truth: show the cassandra version . 
test:  provide   a
truth:  show   show

test:  convert all documents in a document format into a binary string .
truth: find footnotes in the given document . 
test:  get   set
truth:  find   find

test:  upgrade all arch python 2 .
truth: upgrading from setuptools 0 . 
test:  update   upgrade
truth:  null   null

test:  confine this module to non-windows systems with the required execution module available .
truth: only work on mac os and windows . 
test:  work   work
truth:  work   work

test:  create a new dict .
truth: create index for books_fs . 
test:  create   null
truth:  index   index

test:  return the ipv6 binary binary binary binary for the given address .
truth: provides the binary value for an ipv4 or ipv6 address . 
test:  email   a
truth:  provides   null

test:  check that a user is a cron or a cron mask for a cron function .
truth: return the changes . 
test:  to   return
truth:  return   return

test:  replacement for cinder .
truth: replacement for cinder . 
test:  null   replacement
truth:  null   replacement

test:  a generic helper method that validates the access of the custom cookie .
truth: verify users access cookie . 
test:  initialize   a
truth:  verify   users

test:  print an error message followed by an indented number .
truth: print an error message followed by an indented exception backtrace . 
test:  print   print
truth:  print   print

test:  creates a snapshot .
truth: add a new snapshot . 
test:  put   a
truth:  add   a

test:  function to get a data field from a local iteration .
truth: parse data from string . 
test:  search   alternative
truth:  parse   data

test:  gets the version string for the sdk .
truth: gets the version of the sdk by parsing the version file . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  validates text to make it view .
truth: return a valid color arg . 
test:  normalized   a
truth:  return   a

test:  return a dict __repr__ __repr__ __repr__ __repr__ __repr__ information .
truth: formats all dictionary error messages for both single and bulk requests . 
test:  given   verifies
truth:  formats   formats

test:  resnet-50 model of [1] .
truth: resnet-101 model of [1] . 
test:  to   model
truth:  model   model

test:  ensure the specified 'allprofiles' is enabled .
truth: enable all the firewall profiles . 
test:  ensure   check
truth:  enable   enable

test:  deploy the application .
truth: deploy an application into the webapp path for a tomcat installation . 
test:  deploy   unpack
truth:  deploy   deploy

test:  resolve a dotted name to a global object .
truth: resolve a dotted name to a global object . 
test:  resolve   a
truth:  resolve   a

test:  context manager that writes the log file for the log file .
truth: logs fatal errors to a log file if wsgi_log env var is defined . 
test:  null   null
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adds the current response to the flask page .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  header   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  process the root page .
truth: opens a file or url in the default application . 
test:  source   waits
truth:  opens   a

test:  waits for a client to finish .
truth: make multiple attempts to log into a remote host until one succeeds or timeout expires . 
test:  wait   null
truth:  make   multiple

test:  returns metadata associated with the given image id .
truth: get image location in vsphere or none . 
test:  returns   current
truth:  get   image

test:  service edit page .
truth: service edit . 
test:  edit   edit
truth:  edit   edit

test:  amazon connections .
truth: a test that exposes the problem where connections are returned to the connection pool before the caller reads the response . 
test:  to   a
truth:  test   test

test:  list all the directories under the minion .
truth: return all of the file paths found in an environment . 
test:  return   list
truth:  return   return

test:  read a reflog file .
truth: read reflog . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   reflog

test:  translate a command line argument into a command line string .
truth: translate a sequence of arguments into a command line string . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  checks if two urls are same-origin .
truth: checks if two urls are same-origin . 
test:  like   checks
truth:  if   checks

test:  b64e(s) -> str base64 encodes a string example: .
truth: b64d(s) -> str base64 decodes a string example: . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   null

test:  check that the file upload the filename case exists .
truth: check adding the file to the database will preserve the filename case . 
test:  adding   check
truth:  adding   check

test:  compile a function .
truth: given a *code* string . 
test:  return   a
truth:  given   a

test:  compute a line p2 score between two proportions < p2 and p2 .
truth: distance(s) from line defined by p1 - p2 to point(s) p0 p0[0] = x(s) p0[1] = y(s) intersection point p = p1 + u* and intersection point lies within segment if u is between 0 and 1 . 
test:  convert   distance
truth:  null   null

test:  compute a general transform of a non-negative transform polynomial examples .
truth: compute a general fourier-type transform f(k) = a int_-oo^oo exp f(x) dx . 
test:  compute   a
truth:  compute   a

test:  converts a bcd value to a bcd .
truth: converts a decimal value to a bcd value . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  return a formatted size from any dimension that is any dimension .
truth: creates fixed unit when the first argument is a float . 
test:  given   returns
truth:  fixed   null

test:  return the mixing matrix for the specified attribute .
truth: compute assortativity for node attributes . 
test:  return   networkx
truth:  compute   compute

test:  returns a list of sets of strings to a list of strings .
truth: converts a values multistring object or a list of strings back to the in-db multistring representation . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  converts   a

test:  ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer .
truth: ask a yes/no question via raw_input() and return their answer . 
test:  ask   redirects
truth:  ask   a

test:  compute kernel for matrix of two arrays .
truth: general product kernel hardcoded split for the example: cat1 is continuous . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   product

test:  return a list of valid text with only one text .
truth: helper to format text we expect the keyhintview to generate . 
test:  handle   a
truth:  to   helper

test:  returns the bus number of a given devices .
truth: return usable bus number when create new scsi controller . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  return   return

test:  computes the minkowski dissimilarity between two boolean 1-d arrays .
truth: computes the minkowski distance between two 1-d arrays . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  make sure we can note that the files from a threading module is to a fake file .
truth: on python 3 . 
test:  test   test
truth:  null   python

test:  return a list of country country country country .
truth: compare two branches/commits etc with git . 
test:  return   null
truth:  compare   compare

test:  multi-dimensional convolve correlation .
truth: multidimensional convolution . 
test:  return   correlation
truth:  null   convolution

test:  list unique elements .
truth: list unique elements . 
test:  list   list
truth:  list   list

test:  read samples from a files stored in a specified file .
truth: read data from files . 
test:  read   a
truth:  read   data

test:  contrast or restriction matrix for all against against the parameters nm : int returns contr : float .
truth: contrast or restriction matrix for all against first comparison parameters nm : int returns contr : ndarray . 
test:  null   generic
truth:  null   contrast

test:  returns value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int .
truth: returns the value corresponding to a horizontal shift label int . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  multi-dimensional grey closing .
truth: multi-dimensional greyscale closing . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   greyscale

test:  errcheck function .
truth: returns the stem of the given word: ponies => poni . 
test:  matching   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  view a security security page .
truth: run security checks and report the results . 
test:  modify   use
truth:  run   security

test:  convert a timestamp to a unix 3339 string .
truth: convert a microsecond-precision timetamp to a native datetime . 
test:  converts   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  setup the default app .
truth: setup default app for testing . 
test:  calculate   manager
truth:  default   default

test:  unquotes any string value to bytes .
truth: unquote_to_bytes -> babc def . 
test:  string   html
truth:  null   null

test:  determine the grade grade grade for the request .
truth: creates a json with the grade distribution for the problems in the specified section . 
test:  ip   data
truth:  creates   a

test:  validate that value is empty .
truth: validator for node#title . 
test:  check   check
truth:  null   validator

test:  find all explorations available services .
truth: searches through the available explorations . 
test:  searches   searches
truth:  searches   searches

test:  registers a mimetype handler to be a normal handler .
truth: register a mimetypehandler class . 
test:  install   override
truth:  register   a

test:  delete all matching containers in the required state .
truth: ensure that exactly count matching containers exist and are running . 
test:  prompt   null
truth:  ensure   null

test:  getstatementrange fails for side which determine what we know it is .
truth: return tuple which spans the minimal statement region which containing the given lineno . 
test:  compile   parses
truth:  tuple   tuple

test:  return true if the given path exists .
truth: return :const:true if path exists on the target device . 
test:  is   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return a list of all the sql statement .
truth: print out every row from the city . 
test:  null   null
truth:  print   print

test:  retrieves the resource unmounted for the specified file .
truth: return a list of partition objects that are not mounted . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  retrieve a slug list for specific user .
truth: get slug . 
test:  returns   get
truth:  get   slug

test:  generate a csv for a course containing all students about the results in a course and push it to an s3 bucket for download and push it .
truth: grade a course and push the results to an s3 bucket for download . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  null   a

test:  this function is for getting a request ttl .
truth: clean a url from a request line . 
test:  empty   a
truth:  clean   a

test:  test either if an error when there is a single class .
truth: test either if an error when there is a single class . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  change your backwards to nothing" file .
truth: returns two taxa summaries that are ready for direct comparison . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the z attribute dictionary and element it to the decimal attribute .
truth: set the slice element z . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  return a sqlalchemy computenode on a subsets of nodes .
truth: like compute_node_utilization_update() modify a specific host entry . 
test:  constructs   color
truth:  like   like

test:  set the locator .
truth: function for setting correct contour levels . 
test:  set   set
truth:  function   function

test:  retrieve instance type access by flavor id .
truth: retrieve instance type access list by flavor id . 
test:  retrieve   flavor
truth:  retrieve   instance

test:  performs a getcfs read with the given key and filter information .
truth: caches the *filtered* file filename with key until the file is modified . 
test:  filter   data
truth:  caches   caches

test:  find a search by name .
truth: search for the entity by its name . 
test:  search   utility
truth:  search   search

test:  separate lines with blank lines with blank lines .
truth: separate top-level function and class definitions with two blank lines . 
test:  separate   null
truth:  separate   null

test:  l{deferred} l{deferred} and configure hook which receive the l{deferred} for a postscript of the provided l{deferred} object .
truth: see l{deferredgenerator} . 
test:  search   null
truth:  see   null

test:  compute the code code for a pages .
truth: code contained in sub[fail] . 
test:  code   null
truth:  contained   code

test:  create a private key from a private key .
truth: creates a private key in pem format . 
test:  create   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  get a compute node or raise if it does not exist .
truth: get a computenode . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   a

test:  tests the concurrency diff between the min_zero .
truth: verifies that two mnds initialized with different seeds produce samples that differ at least somewhat . 
test:  test   tests
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  return a dictionary of the names of the names of the site_url .
truth: return a permanent full path of the temp markdown preview file . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   a

test:  convert an integer to a timestamp .
truth: convert uuid 60-bit timestamp to string . 
test:  convert   point
truth:  convert   uuid

test:  adds the current response to the flask page .
truth: adds the "vary" header in the given httpresponse object . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  returns a dictionary with all values of given iterator .
truth: group a collection by a key function . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  null   a

test:  randomly do a random game .
truth: return a random normalformgame instance where the payoffs are drawn independently from the uniform distribution on [0 . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  returns a mocked vlan that can be passed as a vlan .
truth: return true if vlan id is in use by an interface . 
test:  null   a
truth:  return   return

test:  return true if the property is mutable in this context .
truth: return true if the object is mutable in this context . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the global options for this http request .
truth: returns the global options used as defaults for web server execution . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check if a string is installed .
truth: check if the current highest-priority match for a given alternatives link is set to the desired path cli example: . 
test:  if   check
truth:  if   check

test:  converts a list to a unicode string .
truth: converts from current users character encoding to unicode . 
test:  return   return
truth:  converts   converts

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   correlation
truth:  null   crud

test:  returns the control segment name for a given server .
truth: get the pathname of the named control segment file . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  get   get

test:  get a list of keywords which a lexer is given .
truth: get the keywords for a given lexer . 
test:  return   a
truth:  get   get

test:  restart the named service cli example: .
truth: restart the named service . 
test:  restart   restart
truth:  restart   restart

test:  a test showing the test documentation .
truth: this fixture is applied automatically to any test using the online mark . 
test:  generates   a
truth:  fixture   fixture

test:  decorator to register a function as a decorator for a transaction .
truth: decorates a method where dependencies are passed as keyword parameters . 
test:  implement   decorator
truth:  decorates   a

test:  mock operation for the operation .
truth: return operation result . 
test:  join   a
truth:  return   operation

test:  create the wheel to ensure that it is installed .
truth: return a list of installed packages either globally or in the specified virtualenv bin_env path to pip bin or path to virtualenv . 
test:  uses   start
truth:  return   a

test:  class decorator to set a class .
truth: set the class to be used when instantiating a logger . 
test:  null   sets
truth:  set   set

test:  returns a dict containing details of all tasks statuses .
truth: retrieve task statuses from ecs api returns list of {running|pending|stopped} for each id in task_ids . 
test:  retrieve   parses
truth:  retrieve   task

test:  generate a fnpickle object .
truth: pickle an object to a specified file . 
test:  is   upload
truth:  pickle   pickle

test:  provided for backwards compatibility .
truth: parse a single base check rule into an appropriate check object . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  parse   a

test:  return a iplayer object from a pcap packet .
truth: converts a raw packet to a dpkt packet regarding of link type . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  converts   a

test:  returns the version of the proxy .
truth: returns the os version . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check the existence of the message .
truth: return true if the give object implements the interface . 
test:  to   null
truth:  return   return

test:  create a partition .
truth: generate a subnav element based on a named route deprecated in ckan 2 . 
test:  create   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return the old ratio of the similarity between the new and sqlobject .
truth: return a "similiarity ratio" representing the similarity between the two strings where 0 is equal and anything above less than equal . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  list all the elements in a convinience .
truth: testing unboxed values . 
test:  test   print
truth:  testing   testing

test:  update an asset asset .
truth: asset update host info via ansible view . 
test:  update   set
truth:  update   update

test:  homogeneous 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the homogeneous generally u_2 = frac{text{<independent variable>}}{text{<dependent variable>}} .
truth: solves a 1st order differential equation with homogeneous coefficients using the substitution u_1 = frac{text{<dependent variable>}}{text{<independent variable>}} . 
test:  solves   a
truth:  solves   a

test:  set up the global ui object .
truth: creates the livestreamer session . 
test:  initialize   override
truth:  creates   null

test:  only skip test if trace_api is available .
truth: only run the decorated test in the lms test suite . 
test:  run   run
truth:  run   run

test:  http response code for http server handlers .
truth: true for successful responses *or* error codes that are not swifts fault . 
test:  return   a
truth:  null   null

test:  get the twitter notification service .
truth: get the slack notification service . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the utility modules .
truth: returns the grain functions . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  check for the processes group .
truth: view package state from the dpkg database . 
test:  retrieve   return
truth:  package   package

test:  layer the desired subnet to show what is what is not found .
truth: if you need to enhance what modify_cache_subnet_group() considers when deciding what is to be updated . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  if   null

test:  create a new dtype with the given type and dtype .
truth: curried wrapper around labelarray . 
test:  allow   a
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  this returns a traceback with all items of frappe .
truth: returns translated string in current lang . 
test:  load   guess
truth:  translated   returns

test:  long line candle .
truth: advance block . 
test:  null   line
truth:  block   block

test:  test event handling .
truth: test event_schema validation . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return a set of definitions .
truth: adds the modules of the imports . 
test:  change   null
truth:  adds   null

test:  write a dict of all the items in this project .
truth: write output with additional lines to make code likely compilable . 
test:  write   a
truth:  output   output

test:  get the type of the user .
truth: plists have a label . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  have   null

test:  get a thickness function .
truth: return a getitem() implementation that doesnt incref its result . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  sign a string v2 v2 .
truth: sign a string with the secret key . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  sign   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata dev directory .
truth: push a copy to the pydata dev directory . 
test:  push   a
truth:  push   a

test:  retrieves a group type by name .
truth: retrieves single group type by name . 
test:  retrieves   null
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  load a list of item types .
truth: returns a dictionary containing the item_types of all the metasources . 
test:  load   data
truth:  returns   a

test:  restful crud controller for options .
truth: restful crud controller for options . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   crud

test:  test hermite cardinal interpolation interpolation .
truth: test hermite cardinal interpolation . 
test:  test   hermite
truth:  test   hermite

test:  run a command .
truth: helper function to call command and subcommands of the hadoop binary . 
test:  run   truth
truth:  function   function

test:  recursive helper for :func:dmp_degree_list .
truth: recursive helper for :func:dmp_list_terms . 
test:  recursive   parameters
truth:  recursive   helper

test:  updates a certain quota rule cli example: .
truth: update a tenants quota cli example: . 
test:  function   a
truth:  update   a

test:  returns the filename for a complete profile .
truth: returns the full filename for a profile image . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the available locale servers .
truth: get the login class of the user . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  returns the cached localzone .
truth: reload the cached localzone . 
test:  null   reload
truth:  null   reload

test:  obtain the show version from show version output .
truth: obtain the uptime from the show version output prints to stdout 12 weeks . 
test:  obtain   null
truth:  obtain   null

test:  check that jd1 is a multiple of 0 .
truth: check precision when jd1 is negative . 
test:  test   mark
truth:  check   precision

test:  decorator: renders a wrapper for a method or a class .
truth: decorator for add_view-like methods which takes into account __view_defaults__ attached to view it is passed . 
test:  null   options
truth:  null   decorator

test:  translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression .
truth: translate a shell-like wildcard pattern to a compiled regular expression . 
test:  translate   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  return true if path is a python module/package .
truth: return true if this is a py2exe/cx_freeze distribution of spyder . 
test:  if   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  dummy implementation of thread .
truth: internal function . 
test:  function   a
truth:  function   function

test:  read the value of a string .
truth: query string from display . 
test:  return   a
truth:  string   string

test:  logs out the user if he is logged in .
truth: logs out the user if they are logged in . 
test:  logs   logs
truth:  logs   logs

test:  adapted version of twisted .
truth: adapted version of twisted . 
test:  ensures   version
truth:  adapted   version

test:  set the value of a variable in the make .
truth: change value of homematic system variable . 
test:  set   a
truth:  value   value

test:  raises an exception if the supplied string is too long .
truth: raises an exception if the supplied string is too long . 
test:  raises   null
truth:  raises   null

test:  check for import tests .
truth: check for from nova . 
test:  imports   check
truth:  check   check

test:  ensure that a specific bluetooth device is present on the server .
truth: block a specific bluetooth device by bd address cli example: . 
test:  validate   a
truth:  block   a

test:  function to put a container from a json container .
truth: set metadata on a container . 
test:  store   null
truth:  set   metadata

test:  gram-schmidt-like decorrelation .
truth: orthonormalize w wrt the first j rows of w parameters w : ndarray of shape(n) array to be orthogonalized w : ndarray of shape null space definition j : int < p the no of rows of null space w wrt which w is orthogonalized . 
test:  null   null
truth:  null   w

test:  verify that the given package is not installed with the given name of the path to the package to the windows .
truth: verify that the given package is not installed . 
test:  make   null
truth:  verify   null

test:  get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of a complex paths .
truth: get a complex with each component the minimum of the respective components of lists of complex points . 
test:  get   a
truth:  get   a

test:  retrieve all sa and numbers from the current thread .
truth: context manager which expects one or more warnings . 
test:  show   attribute
truth:  context   manager

test:  write a list of all files to files .
truth: export record_list to files . 
test:  text   wrapper
truth:  export   export

test:  get all compute services for a given host .
truth: get all services for a given host . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  apply a filter .
truth: apply the given filter to data . 
test:  insert   null
truth:  apply   apply

test:  for cross compatibility between suitable and everything .
truth: compute image compression rate . 
test:  compute   null
truth:  compute   image

test:  calculate the sum of an array along given axis .
truth: calculate the sum of a sparse matrix along the specified axis . 
test:  computes   sum
truth:  calculate   calculate

test:  start the debugger side by instantiating the python subprocess by instantiating .
truth: start the debugger and its rpc link in the python subprocess start the subprocess side of the split debugger and set up that side of the rpc link by instantiating the guiproxy . 
test:  start   start
truth:  start   start

test:  renders a single admin widget .
truth: render a widget with the given information . 
test:  displays   null
truth:  render   a

test:  private function to list contents of a queue .
truth: private function to list contents of a queue . 
test:  list   function
truth:  function   function

test:  test unicode labels .
truth: test unicode labels in python 3 . 
test:  unicode   unicode
truth:  unicode   unicode

test:  yield successive chunks from list  l with a minimum size  n .
truth: yield successive n-sized chunks from l . 
test:  yield   null
truth:  yield   null

test:  send a shipment containing all items in a commitment .
truth: send a shipment containing all items in a commitment @todo: rewrite as s3method - means that permissions are better-controlled . 
test:  send   a
truth:  send   a

test:  return file size in bytes .
truth: formats size . 
test:  return   a
truth:  formats   size

test:  formats the variable according to the arg .
truth: formats the variable according to the arg . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  formats   formats

test:  list quota for a specified volume .
truth: list quotas of glusterfs volume . 
test:  return   quota
truth:  list   quotas

test:  encrypts the expansion of the current byte string .
truth: references: - url - [ms-nlmp]: section 6 . 
test:  calculate   functions
truth:  -   -

test:  determine if the given words is a string .
truth: check google for a match . 
test:  make   null
truth:  check   google

test:  try to pretty printing out the given unicode object .
truth: see if unicode output is available and leverage it if possible . 
test:  function   utility
truth:  if   null

test:  update a session plot .
truth: update the _session plot_options . 
test:  null   permission
truth:  update   update

test:  list all available user layers cli example: .
truth: returns a list of the ids of layers belonging to the specified image . 
test:  get   power
truth:  returns   a

test:  produces a regression with respect to the 1d box .
truth: partial regression . 
test:  evaluate   nth
truth:  null   regression

test:  updates running dicts .
truth: update nested dict with new values . 
test:  make   a
truth:  nested   update

test:  returns a list of assignment cohorts for the given cohort .
truth: get a list of all the cohorts in the given course . 
test:  return   multiple
truth:  get   a

test:  maps keys for volumes details view .
truth: maps keys for conductors details view . 
test:  maps   keys
truth:  maps   keys

test:  returns the product of the vector f .
truth: check that the factorization of p-1 is correct . 
test:  null   null
truth:  check   check

test:  create an rpc for use in configuring calls .
truth: get public certificates . 
test:  get   null
truth:  get   get

test:  store media files and all files .
truth: store any media file in the underlying media store and update the document with unique ids of stored files . 
test:  delete   data
truth:  store   store

test:  project source estimate using sparse matrix .
truth: morph sparse source estimates to an other subject . 
test:  to   helper
truth:  null   sparse

test:  get description of brainstorm dataset .
truth: get description of brainstorm dataset . 
test:  get   description
truth:  get   description

test:  test installing a setup using local setup .
truth: test installing from a local directory with no setup . 
test:  installing   test
truth:  installing   test

test:  method to run a stream using the given stream .
truth: method to encode streams using the run-length algorithm . 
test:  null   run
truth:  to   method

test:  split a set of keyword arguments into words .
truth: split a keyword in multiple ones on any non-alphanumeric character . 
test:  split   split
truth:  split   a

test:  delete a security group .
truth: delete a security group . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  given an recursive node list .
truth: if any node is a pending_xref . 
test:  resolve   null
truth:  if   null

test:  writes message to stdout and write to stdout .
truth: output a string . 
test:  write   msg
truth:  output   a

test:  redirect to the root namespace .
truth: in the edx wiki . 
test:  create   create
truth:  null   in

test:  get vlm_media instance title by name or instance id or instance id or instance title .
truth: get vlm_media instance title number by name or instance id . 
test:  get   vlm_media
truth:  get   vlm_media

test:  merge two entries into one tree at path path .
truth: merge the entries of two trees . 
test:  take   a
truth:  merge   merge

test:  return name and classifier with all non-overlapping according to name .
truth: resolve a ros name to its global . 
test:  resolves   null
truth:  resolve   a

test:  return a unique file name for base name .
truth: creates a unique file name based on the specified base name . 
test:  return   null
truth:  creates   a

test:  iterate over a state-action .
truth: takes an iterator and returns an iterator that returns only the first occurence of each entry . 
test:  returns   copies
truth:  takes   null

test:  get vector3 from prefix and xml element .
truth: get the quadratic path . 
test:  get   word
truth:  get   get

test:  ensure that the named cron is absent for the specified user .
truth: verifies that the specified incron job is absent for the specified user; only the name is matched when removing a incron job . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  verifies   verifies

test:  a generic helper to get the frame class from a works or directory .
truth: get a frame class from the input frame . 
test:  get   loader
truth:  get   a

test:  deprecated use this should be imported to return scipy .
truth: generate a warning for an iersrangeerror parameters ierserr : an ~astropy . 
test:  issue   function
truth:  generate   a

test:  get the api details for the smtp api arguments: auth_token -- the name of the category category category of the api to check for the new sigmoid sigmoid sigmoid sigmoid
truth: get the stack address for a specific etag from the configuration file . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  get   get

test:  parse the command line .
truth: parses the options and stores them in the global options variable . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parses   parses

test:  returns the path to the profiler directory .
truth: given the directory of a profiler client . 
test:  given   null
truth:  given   null

test:  parses a standard swift acl list into a referrers list .
truth: parses a standard swift acl string into a referrers list and groups list . 
test:  parses   a
truth:  parses   a

test:  compute polynomial decomposition over a ring in k[x] .
truth: evaluate functional transformation q**n * f in k[x] . 
test:  evaluate   polynomial
truth:  evaluate   null

test:  creates and returns the push script .
truth: creates and returns the serato script . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  this is a proxy function that is used to get a current route .
truth: this is a backwards compatibility function . 
test:  is   null
truth:  is   null

test:  updates the portage database with latest version .
truth: updates the remote repos database . 
test:  retrieve   returns
truth:  updates   updates

test:  flatten nested this generator .
truth: returns a generator of flattened nested containers for example: . 
test:  null   generator
truth:  returns   a

test:  a decorator that returns a function that tests the time of a given function .
truth: run some function . 
test:  returns   time
truth:  run   run

test:  setup the camera .
truth: setup the usps platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  return a conn object for the passed vm data .
truth: return a conn object for the passed vm data . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  convert a native set .
truth: create a python list from a native sets items . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  create   a

test:  get the one-line summary out of a module file .
truth: get the one-line summary out of a module file . 
test:  get   get
truth:  get   get

test:  search the default ddir for the given user or raise an exception if it is present .
truth: get system default download directory . 
test:  if   get
truth:  get   system

test:  list a floating ip .
truth: list all floating ip pools . 
test:  floating   list
truth:  list   list

test:  return the absolute path to a data directory .
truth: if path is relative . 
test:  return   return
truth:  if   path

test:  allow a zone to a zone .
truth: bind an interface to a zone . 
test:  add   a
truth:  bind   bind

test:  ensures that a message is displaying a message .
truth: display a confirmation prompt . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  display   a

test:  disables a task .
truth: remove the root tk widget from the reactor . 
test:  clear   stop
truth:  remove   remove

test:  helper decorator .
truth: peform a login . 
test:  attribute   method
truth:  null   a

test:  removes anything from text .
truth: removes the string remove from the right of text . 
test:  removes   remove
truth:  removes   null

test:  write statistics for a gcode file .
truth: craft a file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  craft   a

test:  recursively move a file or directory to another location .
truth: recursively move a file or directory to another location . 
test:  move   move
truth:  move   move

test:  returns the sum of the given list .
truth: sum the elements of the iterable . 
test:  return   names
truth:  sum   sum

test:  given a csv file of an entity .
truth: extract selected fields from a file of line-separated json tweets and write to a file in csv format . 
test:  is   convert
truth:  selected   null

test:  update a quota or raise if it does not exist .
truth: update allocated quota to subprojects or raise if it does not exist . 
test:  update   null
truth:  allocated   update

test:  asynchronously retrieves the rpc token from the datastore .
truth: asynchronously allocates a range of ids . 
test:  if   helper
truth:  allocates   null

test:  write the checkpoint checkpoint to the specified order file .
truth: write intermediate results to checkpoint file current_key: the identifier of the current denoiser round ctr: a uniq counter to label the checkpoint cluster_mapping: an intermediate cluster mapping as dict ids: the dict of active ids order: a list of ids . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  create a continuous random variable with a rademacher distribution .
truth: create a continuous random variable with a non-central chi distribution . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  given a timeseries of cores objects .
truth: zip timeseries data while gracefully handling gaps in the data . 
test:  yield   generator
truth:  null   timeseries

test:  return a truth truth value .
truth: return a pen representing the given wavelength . 
test:  using   enforces
truth:  return   a

test:  return a boto connection for the specified service .
truth: return a boto connection for the service . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   a

test:  get all volumes belonging to a group .
truth: retrieves all volumes associated with the group_id . 
test:  get   list
truth:  retrieves   null

test:  test that it comes with empty lda .
truth: test lda on empty document . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  multiply the transpose of the cix by a vector .
truth: applies the linear operator |a . 
test:  multiply   data
truth:  applies   null

test:  lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id .
truth: lists the qos given a tenant_id and qos_id . 
test:  lists   lists
truth:  lists   lists

test:  retrieve a list of resources to be used for a given resource .
truth: find destinations for resources files . 
test:  given   get
truth:  find   find

test:  test social plugin class .
truth: test that social media plugin ordering works as expected . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  decorator to set authentication default values to a method .
truth: non-local plugin decorator using local directories for the extra_dirs . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  plugin   plugin

test:  tests the creation of a file extension .
truth: tests the creation of a file extension . 
test:  ensures   tests
truth:  tests   tests

test:  computes the precompute distances between x and labels .
truth: compute labels and inertia using a full distance matrix . 
test:  defines   compute
truth:  labels   labels

test:  validate that ids are in the simple dictionary .
truth: checks that all of the required keys . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  checks   checks

test:  create or update a volume cache entry .
truth: create a new image volume cache entry . 
test:  create   in
truth:  create   a

test:  copies linear normal assumes expr is very nan .
truth: creates a copy of the constraint modified according to func . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  only load if the postgres module is present .
truth: only load if the postgres module is present and is new enough . 
test:  load   load
truth:  load   load

test:  write a double-precision floating point tag to a fif file .
truth: write 3 byte integer to file . 
test:  write   a
truth:  write   null

test:  removes a cluster version .
truth: remove a cluster on a postgres server . 
test:  remove   a
truth:  remove   a

test:  returns the current local path to the local cache file for the specified output .
truth: returns the current local path for saving data locally create folder if not exists . 
test:  null   get
truth:  returns   returns

test:  returns a decimal value is a decimal .
truth: if we get typeerror from * . 
test:  null   a
truth:  if   null

test:  runs a django command in a subshell .
truth: write the code to a temporary file . 
test:  runs   run
truth:  write   null

test:  generator to iterate over lists of rows .
truth: searchdataadapter -> headers . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  null   null

test:  delaxes: remove *ax* from the current figure .
truth: remove an axes from the current figure . 
test:  remove   remove
truth:  remove   remove

test:  convert an asyncio .
truth: convert an asyncio . 
test:  convert   init
truth:  convert   convert

test:  a regular expression to get the filesystem archive .
truth: generate a zip file from the selected submissions . 
test:  given   null
truth:  generate   a

test:  imports an object based on a string .
truth: imports an object based on a string . 
test:  imports   imports
truth:  imports   imports

test:  sort two strings in a cryptographically safe way .
truth: comapare two english phrases ignoring starting prepositions . 
test:  sort   null
truth:  comapare   null

test:  extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file .
truth: extract common elements of base64 keys from an entry in a hosts file . 
test:  extract   null
truth:  extract   null

test:  set the block levels levels .
truth: set an explicit indentation level for a block scalar . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  given an existing network usage .
truth: return volumes usage that have been updated after a specified time . 
test:  return   volumes
truth:  return   volumes

test:  return a new category instance .
truth: run the default discovery and return an instance of :class:qtwidgetregistry . 
test:  to   a
truth:  run   run

test:  compute the hilbert transform of an image .
truth: compute the analytic signal . 
test:  return   x
truth:  compute   compute

test:  return a copy of the string that are not equal to the appends parameter .
truth: convert a value to lowercase . 
test:  null   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  escape all the ajax header values for http error .
truth: return the crawleable url according to: url . 
test:  escape   null
truth:  return   return

test:  see :meth:xblock .
truth: get a verbose . 
test:  attempt   a
truth:  get   a

test:  function wrapper to handle connection errors .
truth: ensures function performing broker commands completes despite intermittent connection failures . 
test:  function   wrapper
truth:  function   function

test:  test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type .
truth: test either if an error is raised when the target are not binary type . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  associate the security group with the given instance .
truth: associate the given security group with the given instance . 
test:  add   null
truth:  associate   null

test:  delete an item .
truth: exposes internal helper method without breaking existing bindings/dependencies . 
test:  format   reset
truth:  exposes   null

test:  writes sample data to specified by the specified assist file .
truth: applies sim_otu_table over a range of parameters . 
test:  updated   jinja2
truth:  applies   null

test:  turns a version-2 plugin plugin into a stream .
truth: simple stateful parser . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  null   null

test:  set the value of a subnet name .
truth: set the local subnet name . 
test:  set   set
truth:  set   set

test:  test that passing ignored .
truth: test a subset of labels may be requested for ss . 
test:  test   testing
truth:  test   a

test:  estimate beta troubleshooting .
truth: use gradient descent to fit a ridge regression with penalty alpha . 
test:  step   handles
truth:  use   gradient

test:  parse hive-site .
truth: parse core-site . 
test:  parse   parse
truth:  parse   parse

test:  given path count .
truth: return common path for all paths in pathlist . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  return   return

test:  removes wsgi intercept for the given host .
truth: remove the wsgi intercept call for . 
test:  remove   null
truth:  remove   remove

test:  attempts to attempts to info that get a message object .
truth: adds a message with the info level . 
test:  adds   null
truth:  adds   a

test:  find file type by id .
truth: tests whether the filename is an image file . 
test:  given   image
truth:  tests   tests

test:  a decorator that requires a user to have a handler .
truth: a decorator to require that a user be logged in to access a handler . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  this returns a dict of the length for the learning .
truth: returns a dictionary of variable length solution trajectories . 
test:  computes   attempts
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable .
truth: returns an iterator over a series of lists of length size from iterable . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment .
truth: detect if the code is running in the compute engine environment . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  compile the given and install and install the branch .
truth: compile the client into a temporary directory . 
test:  install   compile
truth:  compile   compile

test:  return the request fingerprint .
truth: return the request fingerprint . 
test:  request   a
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that value is file-like and can be generic .
truth: validate optional authentication parameters . 
test:  validates   validate
truth:  validate   optional

test:  round a 5-tuple of functions that can be used within a mode .
truth: round_mode(a) with mode in [half_away_from_zero . 
test:  round   a
truth:  null   null

test:  convert value to uint .
truth: converts a value that matches d+ into an integer . 
test:  check   a
truth:  converts   a

test:  set the video subtitle .
truth: set new video subtitle . 
test:  set   get
truth:  set   new

test:  cache project projects by 2 projects .
truth: cache projects . 
test:  project   handle
truth:  projects   projects

test:  returns true if any of the filename matches the given patterns .
truth: check if patterns contains a pattern that matches filename . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   check

test:  connect to aws configservice :type aws_access_key_id: string .
truth: connect to aws config :type aws_access_key_id: string . 
test:  to   connect
truth:  to   connect

test:  return the unicode encoding of a python object .
truth: decode the supplied byte string using the preferred encoding for the locale or . 
test:  decode   null
truth:  decode   decode

test:  generates a url for a course .
truth: start generating a set of example certificates . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  generating   start

test:  servicelevelagreement view .
truth: servicelevelagreement view . 
test:  null   page
truth:  view   view

test:  test that --stream works with excluded lets content .
truth: test that activates setting of echo to off does not disrupt later echo calls . 
test:  tests   test
truth:  test   test

test:  this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher .
truth: this method instantiates and returns a handle to a low-level base cipher . 
test:  null   method
truth:  null   method

test:  read a key for a bcp response .
truth: handler for on_text pyglet events . 
test:  text   check
truth:  null   handler

test:  delete a blob from blobstore .
truth: delete blobs from blobstore . 
test:  deletes   a
truth:  delete   blobs

test:  map a base path to standard base path .
truth: return the path of a base url if it contains one . 
test:  get   a
truth:  return   return

test:  prints sphinx version .
truth: format sys . 
test:  return   get
truth:  format   sys

test:  instantiates an all-zeros tensor variable and returns it .
truth: returns initializer that initializes array with the all-zero array . 
test:  get   multiple
truth:  returns   initializer

test:  drops an nmap file with the given bad function .
truth: wrap a given boto connection object so that it can retry when throttled . 
test:  wraps   null
truth:  wrap   a

test:  given two binary arrays .
truth: given two binary arrays . 
test:  given   compute
truth:  given   null

test:  return true if the given version is available for installation with the given desired version enabled .
truth: returns true if any of the installed versions match the specified version . 
test:  compare   versions
truth:  returns   returns

test:  set the directory for the user and all files on the device .
truth: ensure that the directory is available and permissions are set . 
test:  ensure   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  ensure an option value is present in the ensures that a given value is present .
truth: ensure the state of a particular option/setting in csf . 
test:  ensure   wtform
truth:  ensure   null

test:  attach a total total points representation to each object of the queryset .
truth: attach total of point values to each object of the queryset . 
test:  attach   a
truth:  attach   null

test:  test hsl to rgb color function .
truth: test hsl to rgb color function . 
test:  test   rgb
truth:  test   hsl

test:  marks the image as complete .
truth: deletes image data from the location of backend store . 
test:  ensure   null
truth:  deletes   image

test:  this is the given user_id for the given user .
truth: publishes the exploration with publish_exploration() function in rights_manager . 
test:  publish   update
truth:  null   null

test:  inverse of all cyclic elements .
truth: replace each riemann tensor with an equivalent expression satisfying the cyclic identity . 
test:  null   find
truth:  replace   replace

test:  show a contribution box .
truth: show a contribution box . 
test:  shows   a
truth:  show   a

test:  compute the hyperbolic loglikelihood over the probability distribution .
truth: returns the kinetic energy associated with the given velocity and mass of 1 . 
test:  computes   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  generates a unique file .
truth: converts a url into a made-up module name by doing the following: * extract just the path name ignoring querystrings * trimming off the initial / * trimming off the file extension * removes off useless folder prefixes e . 
test:  compile   filename
truth:  converts   a

test:  context manager that captures the default trap for a given object .
truth: contextmanager that installs the trap app . 
test:  enable   a
truth:  null   contextmanager

test:  return the ssh_interface interface to connect to .
truth: return the ssh_interface type to connect to . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  a helper for project to use for a view where you are to search for a direct view .
truth: section search queries with query q across all documents and projects . 
test:  project   get
truth:  search   search

test:  returns whether the passed value is a unicode string or unicode string .
truth: filename or file object? . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  filename   filename

test:  returns a tuple from a requests tuple from a given url from netrc .
truth: returns the requests tuple auth for a given url from netrc . 
test:  to   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  this function is mobile to download a zone from a zone .
truth: this device is having its own devices downloaded . 
test:  get   find
truth:  null   device

test:  will load all the current python dict/list/tuple in the current environment .
truth: reads a dictionary of the current users tokens from the datastore . 
test:  accepts   a
truth:  reads   a

test:  wrapper for allowing delivery of the *url* .
truth: wrapper for allowing delivery of . 
test:  null   send
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  return true if the named service is disabled .
truth: return true if the named service is enabled . 
test:  to   check
truth:  return   return

test:  create an rpc object for use with the given deadline api .
truth: creates an rpc object for use with the urlfetch api . 
test:  creates   null
truth:  creates   null

test:  attempt to set aws access key from the aws config file .
truth: attempt to set aws access key id from script . 
test:  to   attempt
truth:  to   attempt

test:  always return c{false} if the operating system does not support symlinks .
truth: always return false if the operating system does not support symlinks . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  inverse of forrt for a generalized stick-breaking problem for x .
truth: given data x . 
test:  converts   tests
truth:  given   data

test:  returns the pid of container .
truth: returns the pid of a container name container name cli example: . 
test:  port   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return the top data that is currently installed on the provider .
truth: run the command configured . 
test:  get   up
truth:  run   run

test:  mimics the currently decorated command with the given command .
truth: monkeypatch the original version from distutils . 
test:  execute   a
truth:  monkeypatch   monkeypatch

test:  for a given command .
truth: take ctrl+c into account . 
test:  install   ctrl+c
truth:  take   ctrl+c

test:  given the directory dir .
truth: figure out the name of a directory to back up the given dir to . 
test:  given   null
truth:  figure   figure

test:  parameters init_args if not found .
truth: initialize and return the native subsystem . 
test:  create   null
truth:  initialize   null

test:  invoke a remote attribute that could ready to create a special levels .
truth: adds a timeout to an existing deferred . 
test:  decorate   a
truth:  adds   a

test:  group a row from a json file and converts it to a schema dictionary .
truth: convert json row data to row with appropriate types . 
test:  filter   field
truth:  convert   json

test:  creates a worker .
truth: create an l{iworker} that does nothing but defer work . 
test:  return   null
truth:  create   create

test:  retrieve a list of all the baremetal data in a baremetal .
truth: deprecated: print list of available baremetal nodes . 
test:  list   a
truth:  print   print

test:  return fqdn .
truth: returns the value of the primary key field of the specified instance of a sqlalchemy model . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorator for handling the decorated method .
truth: runs test method multiple times in the following order: debug cached string_if_invalid false false false true false false invalid false true invalid true false true true . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  test   test

test:  returns the absolute error of the gamma along a given axis .
truth: return a percentile range from an array of values . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  return   a

test:  iterates over courses courses to a ccx related to a course .
truth: find all ccx derived from this course . 
test:  log   parse
truth:  find   find

test:  compute the inverse transform for f(s) over a fundamental mnist .
truth: compute the inverse hankel transform of f defined as . 
test:  constructs   compute
truth:  compute   compute

test:  helper function to unicode instances that doesnt use unicode .
truth: call str or unicode depending on current mode . 
test:  null   unicode
truth:  call   str

test:  changes the main script to the lazy lazy .
truth: sets the main_css . 
test:  set   file
truth:  sets   sets

test:  computes the brightness and a temperature color .
truth: defines the conversion between jy/beam and "brightness temperature" . 
test:  shows   lib2to3
truth:  defines   null

test:  returns true if the object is a type .
truth: return true if the object is a class . 
test:  returns   return
truth:  return   return

test:  make a color .
truth: produces a colorattr specification for coloring groups of data based on columns . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  produces   a

test:  create a new file for a given file .
truth: creates a grr vfs temp file . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  returns an :class: .
truth: get triangles for ico surface . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  get   triangles

test:  postfix_expression : postfix_expression arrow id .
truth: postfix_expression : postfix_expression lbracket expression rbracket . 
test:  null   postfix_expression
truth:  null   postfix_expression

test:  check whether we know know to query for a connection .
truth: returns true if we are allowed to introspect this field . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  returns   returns

test:  function to save and restart the http plugin .
truth: saves and restart the plugin . 
test:  calling   application
truth:  saves   null

test:  return etc_services information from osquery cli example: .
truth: return etc_hosts information from osquery cli example: . 
test:  etc_services   return
truth:  return   return

test:  generate all the available modules .
truth: set of service client modules available in tempest and plugins set of stable service clients from tempest and service clients exposed by plugins . 
test:  get   description
truth:  set   set

test:  get the mask for a boolean .
truth: compute the boolean mask x == missing_values . 
test:  returns   value
truth:  compute   compute

test:  formats a datetime per second from a nice page .
truth: utility function: 7 => h . 
test:  counts   split
truth:  null   utility

test:  return a copy of response that supports response interface .
truth: return a copy of response that supports seekable response interface . 
test:  return   a
truth:  return   a

test:  generate a table of the form table .
truth: return a "fake" table . 
test:  builds   a
truth:  return   a

test:  transform text from text to integer .
truth: convert a space-separated list of edns flag text values into a edns flags value . 
test:  text   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  add x groove .
truth: add y groove . 
test:  add   x
truth:  add   y

test:  check whether a number is a valid number .
truth: tests whether a phone number is valid for a certain region . 
test:  null   returns
truth:  tests   tests

test:  returns true if the given network is a runtimeerror sentiment .
truth: returns true if the macos x urllib fakes should be installed . 
test:  null   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  decorate a function to handle http results .
truth: register event to function with a decorator . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  register   event

test:  retrieve all widgets available for the current user .
truth: returns a set of all available widgets . 
test:  context   updates
truth:  returns   a

test:  prepare the device and train it to train the changes .
truth: get wmt data into data_dir . 
test:  collects   a
truth:  get   wmt

test:  render an error page .
truth: returns an error template . 
test:  null   error
truth:  returns   returns

test:  return a dict of .
truth: put terminal into a raw mode . 
test:  fake   open
truth:  put   put

test:  generate a simple graphs of the given edge .
truth: sequentially read the file containing the edge list data for the graphs in the atlas and generate the graphs one at a time . 
test:  module   generate
truth:  read   read

test:  format a number for a decimal number and locale it .
truth: return the localized representation of an integer or decimal . 
test:  to   a
truth:  return   return

test:  split a list into a list of all the elements contained in order to split the surface of the ith parser .
truth: split an expression into expr and noncommutative qexpr parts . 
test:  split   a
truth:  split   split

test:  create an invariant for a rdfvalues field definition .
truth: create a checked pmap field . 
test:  returns   create
truth:  create   a

test:  push a copy to the pydata directory .
truth: push a copy to the site . 
test:  function   a
truth:  push   a

test:  test that the possible list of environment variables .
truth: dump the shell environment as html . 
test:  is   a
truth:  dump   null

test:  generate the vertices for a quadratic bezier curve .
truth: generate the vertices for a third order bezier curve . 
test:  generate   generate
truth:  generate   generate

test:  converts text to a valid text .
truth: omit part of a string if needed to make it fit in a maximum length . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   part

test:  create a dictionary for interacting with the given type .
truth: builds provider_location for volume or snapshot . 
test:  takes   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  create the tarball .
truth: create a tar file from all the files under base_dir . 
test:  search   a
truth:  create   a

test:  create most fill loops .
truth: create extra fill loops . 
test:  create   create
truth:  create   create

test:  unary_expression : sizeof unary_expression .
truth: unary_expression : unary_operator cast_expression . 
test:  null   unary_expression
truth:  null   unary_expression

test:  get the number of complete percentage for this percentage .
truth: computes the fraction of host queue entries matching the given filter data that are complete . 
test:  get   a
truth:  computes   null

test:  creates a sqlalchemy query string .
truth: build a string representation of a query . 
test:  given   a
truth:  build   a

test:  set the lower metadata for a range .
truth: set the "range" metadata on a load instruction . 
test:  set   a
truth:  set   set

test:  like stdout .
truth: implements hadoop fs -ls . 
test:  return   null
truth:  implements   hadoop

test:  run the bokeh tests .
truth: function to run the external calibrate . 
test:  runs   null
truth:  to   function

test:  validate the beacon configuration .
truth: validate the beacon configuration . 
test:  validate   validate
truth:  validate   validate

test:  plot a kernal estimate and a qimage .
truth: plot rectangular data as a color-encoded matrix . 
test:  plot   information
truth:  plot   plot

test:  decorator to mkl all of svd along a given svd .
truth: decorator for tests that make calls to svd and intermittently fail . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  return the textual level .
truth: return the textual representation of logging level level . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  calls the salt module "probes" to configure the configured probes on the device .
truth: calls the salt module "probes" to delete probes from the device . 
test:  given   a
truth:  calls   calls

test:  return the encryption key of a key .
truth: builds customer encryption key headers :type key: bytes . 
test:  return   a
truth:  builds   customer

test:  clears caches from the current thread .
truth: clears clusters internal caches . 
test:  clear   caches
truth:  clusters   clusters

test:  get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is passed .
truth: get_debug_values should return [] when debugger is off . 
test:  get   a
truth:  null   null

test:  compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ker(x) .
truth: compute nt zeros of the kelvin function ber(x) . 
test:  compute   nt
truth:  compute   nt

test:  generates a random alphanumeric string .
truth: creates a random alphanumeric string of specified length . 
test:  generate   a
truth:  creates   a

test:  asserts that some exception is thrown in logging .
truth: fail unless an exception of class exception_class and with message that matches expected_regexp is thrown by callable when invoked with arguments args and keyword arguments kwargs . 
test:  asserts   function
truth:  fail   null

test:  this is a wrapper around eintr which runs func with a collections .
truth: restart a system call interrupted by eintr . 
test:  wraps   a
truth:  restart   a

test:  return a list of tests that represent all tests in a given suffix .
truth: return a list of all applicable test modules . 
test:  function   null
truth:  return   a

test:  given a dotted path .
truth: loads and returns a class definition provided a dotted path specification the last part of the dotted path is the class name and there is at least one module name preceding the class name . 
test:  given   a
truth:  loads   null

test:  gpu deconv gradient with respect to weight using cudnn from nvidia .
truth: sets up dummy convolutional forward pass and uses its grad as deconv currently only tested/working with same padding . 
test:  compute   display
truth:  sets   up

test:  decorator for concrete fibre channel zone manager drivers .
truth: decorator for concrete volume driver implementations . 
test:  null   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  returns a constant for input or constant .
truth: some functions . 
test:  unicode   check
truth:  null   functions

test:  run the grammar .
truth: main program . 
test:  null   display
truth:  null   program

test:  tower a gcode linear move file .
truth: splodge a gcode linear move file . 
test:  null   a
truth:  splodge   a

test:  test optimized raises valueerror when input is non .
truth: test with non symmetric input . 
test:  test   test
truth:  test   test

test:  return the line graph for the nodes of g .
truth: generate node degree-degree pairs for edges in g . 
test:  returns   compute
truth:  generate   node

test:  return the direct direct of the given file .
truth: return the install meta-data for a linked package in a prefix . 
test:  return   return
truth:  return   return

test:  validates that the tax number is valid .
truth: validate a tax number . 
test:  get   boolean
truth:  validate   a

test:  return the tetrahedral graph .
truth: return the 3-regular platonic tetrahedral graph . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns the directory for the given path .
truth: return the path of a data file . 
test:  return   null
truth:  return   return

test:  returns a string identifying the python implementation version .
truth: returns the python version as string major . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  test that the tpot data set .
truth: url if percentchangeincapacity returns a value between 0 and 1 . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   url

test:  check if object is changed .
truth: check whether obj and other are not equal . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  check   check

test:  low-level implementation of a such a = a*y .
truth: compute the sinh term in the outer sum of the hrr formula . 
test:  null   mask
truth:  compute   compute

test:  emulates -p .
truth: like mkdir -p . 
test:  emulates   null
truth:  like   mkdir

test:  check whether django-storage-swift is a sum of k .
truth: return true if n can be written as the sum of k squares . 
test:  to   checks
truth:  return   return

test:  this return a queryset given a python data type .
truth: take a scalar python value and return a dict consisting of the amazon dynamodb type specification and the value that needs to be sent to amazon dynamodb . 
test:  take   a
truth:  take   a

test:  splits a title into a list of lists .
truth: split a string for a specified width and font size . 
test:  null   function
truth:  split   a

test:  convert a propositional sentence to its corresponding decimal normal form .
truth: converts expr to negation normal form . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  expr   expr

test:  create directory if it does not exist .
truth: ensure directory exists and is writable by us . 
test:  creates   a
truth:  ensure   directory

test:  get the organization .
truth: list all datasources in an organisation . 
test:  get   get
truth:  list   list

test:  open a call to the failure .
truth: launch a terminal -> qaction . 
test:  start   json
truth:  launch   a

test:  returns a generator for the reverse collections .
truth: returns a generator of all available collections . 
test:  get   a
truth:  returns   a

test:  returns true if the csv file is valid .
truth: ensure that the # of rows in the input_file is greater than the row_limit . 
test:  if   checks
truth:  ensure   null

test:  check for gogrid configs .
truth: check for aliyun configurations . 
test:  set   check
truth:  check   check

test:  build up a penn response for calculating modules .
truth: take parameters defined and build ifupdown2 compatible hash . 
test:  take   parameters
truth:  take   parameters

test:  utility function that parses the segments id for the segments .
truth: extract the json payload from a jwt . 
test:  extracts   a
truth:  extract   null

test:  attach a log file to the given root .
truth: replace watchedfilehandler handlers by filehandler ones . 
test:  log   null
truth:  replace   replace

test:  compress body at the given compress_level .
truth: compress body at the given compress_level . 
test:  compress   m
truth:  compress   body

test:  setup the knx sensor .
truth: setup the openweathermap weather platform . 
test:  setup   setup
truth:  setup   setup

test:  convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees .
truth: convert a beautifulsoup tree to a list of element trees . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  convert   a

test:  outputs a date .
truth: displays the date . 
test:  displays   a
truth:  displays   null

test:  validates a list of strings to a list of strings .
truth: validates a list to be included as document fields . 
test:  constructs   null
truth:  validates   a

test:  convert integer in n from host-byte order to host-byte order .
truth: convert integer in n from network-byte order to host-byte order . 
test:  null   args
truth:  convert   integer

test:  loads the item cache dictionary .
truth: load item stored at path in cache . 
test:  loads   get
truth:  load   item

test:  returns true/false whether the given package has a definition for the given package .
truth: verify if the given package or depend atom has the given flag . 
test:  if   null
truth:  if   null

test:  obtain the lock from the lock .
truth: finds a free id . 
test:  handle   function
truth:  finds   a

test:  extract the latest flexget version we can find in the latest fashion .
truth: return latest flexget version from url . 
test:  gets   get
truth:  return   return

test:  test whether an object is a isproxy instance .
truth: indicates whether the given object is a netproxy . 
test:  provides   compute
truth:  indicates   null

test:  translate an application error to a datastore error .
truth: translate an application error to an external error . 
test:  translate   translate
truth:  translate   translate

test:  returns the class of the specified class .
truth: will dynamically import a class from a string path . 
test:  given   null
truth:  null   null

test:  asynchronously run a function in a thread .
truth: run a function and give results to a deferred . 
test:  calls   calls
truth:  run   a

test:  export stats for a post message .
truth: exports stats in json format . 
test:  export   export
truth:  stats   stats

test:  deletes an image from the given name or name .
truth: delete a specific image resource by name . 
test:  delete   null
truth:  delete   a

test:  decodes python object .
truth: json decoder that does ugly first-level datetime handling . 
test:  null   helper
truth:  null   decoder

test:  converts a value that may or a key into a dictionary .
truth: get opt . 
test:  convert   null
truth:  get   opt

test:  enable/disable an object from the local machine name the name of the client to remove runas user : the acl acl .
truth: ensure an object is not inheriting acls from its parent . 
test:  disable   a
truth:  ensure   null

test:  convert a number to a string .
truth: translate a column number to name . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  translate   a

test:  updates a task with reserved reserved .
truth: updates global state when a task has been reserved . 
test:  updates   task
truth:  updates   updates

test:  this is usually used by the api endpoint for calling a new user or sample response .
truth: accept csp reports and log them . 
test:  to   copy
truth:  accept   accept

test:  check for log .
truth: n320 - log messages require translation . 
test:  check   -
truth:  -   -

test:  landing page to step .
truth: perform e-step for each 3-tuple from the input queue . 
test:  null   set
truth:  perform   null

test:  convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation .
truth: convert date_time to imap4 internaldate representation . 
test:  convert   validate
truth:  convert   date_time

test:  return a relative version of a path .
truth: this code is based on os . 
test:  list   a
truth:  code   code

test:  return the name of a volume .
truth: constructs mirrorview name for volume . 
test:  construct   a
truth:  constructs   null

test:  raises an assertionerror if the an array of arrays are equal .
truth: check that all items of arrays differ in at most n units in the last place . 
test:  creates   copies
truth:  check   check

test:  only load if libguestfs python bindings are installed .
truth: only load the module if nftables is installed . 
test:  load   check
truth:  load   load

test:  reset scores for given users .
truth: set scores to zero for given users . 
test:  detect   scores
truth:  set   scores

test:  convert a numeric map to a list .
truth: splits multi line map string into list of rows . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  splits   multi

test:  membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr .
truth: membership controller - uses the group_membership table from pr . 
test:  null   crud
truth:  null   controller

test:  wrap a method so it gets turned into a service name .
truth: wrap methods into commands for a journalled service . 
test:  null   a
truth:  wrap   methods

test:  returns a datetime object from a string .
truth: builds the offset argument for event rules . 
test:  return   a
truth:  builds   null

test:  returns true if this xblock has visibility limited to the specified xblock .
truth: returns true iff xblock has the proper attributes for generating metadata with get_discussion_id_map_entry() . 
test:  returns   check
truth:  returns   returns

test:  given a list of file names .
truth: opens the given filename and yields the fully-qualified names of testcases found inside . 
test:  grab   a
truth:  opens   null

test:  updates the dmg makefile .
truth: update fancy-dmg makefile . 
test:  update   a
truth:  update   update

test:  return a dict of all lsmod and their status table cli example: .
truth: return a dict containing information about currently loaded modules cli example: . 
test:  returns   in
truth:  return   a

test:  create read-only fields and backref from vm and vm .
truth: create read-only fields and backref from vm and vdi to vbd when vbd is created . 
test:  create   null
truth:  create   create

test:  identify the first valid data format from the file or model .
truth: loop through identifiers to see which formats match . 
test:  p   null
truth:  loop   loop

test:  given a page .
truth: returns all translatable strings from a :class:frappe . 
test:  returns   a
truth:  returns   returns

test:  reduce the width of original_size by padding .
truth: reduce the height of original_size by padding . 
test:  reduce   null
truth:  reduce   null

test:  gets all the vlanids groups .
truth: gets all the vlanids . 
test:  gets   null
truth:  gets   null

test:  increment the number of times for the current long .
truth: simple method to return the non printable characters found in an string . 
test:  correct   a
truth:  null   method

test:  kill a pid process .
truth: kill a process by pid . 
test:  signal   compute
truth:  kill   a

test:  decorator that checks the fixture with a given name and optionally returns true if all the dtypes are included .
truth: decorator that checks the fixture with all dtypes . 
test:  return   decorator
truth:  null   decorator

test:  convert a dictionary of dictionaries to a 2d dictionary with optional keys and values for the mapping file .
truth: processes mapping data in list of lists format into a 2 deep dict . 
test:  convert   a
truth:  mapping   mapping

test:  return true if the given type is a valid file-format response .
truth: returns true if the passed in value is a job id . 
test:  if   null
truth:  returns   returns

test:  get a cluster options from a vcenter .
truth: obtain a cluster from the command line options and environment . 
test:  get   need
truth:  obtain   a

test:  display all steps for the geos instance .
truth: wrapper for :py:meth:boto . 
test:  null   wrapper
truth:  null   wrapper

test:  checks whether this bound to a bound field .
truth: return true if this field has errors that were not accounted for by render_with_errors . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  add a default handler to the dictionary of active forms .
truth: register handler to raw if msg_type not given . 
test:  register   decorator
truth:  register   handler

test:  return true if intlist is a list of ints .
truth: return true if list is a list of ints . 
test:  return   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  returns true if address belongs to link-local multicast address space .
truth: return true if provided address is a 6to4 address . 
test:  returns   returns
truth:  return   return

test:  napalm library must be installed for this module to work .
truth: napalm library must be installed for this module to work . 
test:  null   library
truth:  null   library

test:  create a new figure manager instance for the given figure .
truth: create a new figure manager instance for the given figure . 
test:  create   a
truth:  create   a

test:  generates a mock url for an http method .
truth: generate a presigned url given a client . 
test:  request   a
truth:  generate   a

test:  return a random string made by a length of words .
truth: generates a random string of given length from a set of alphanumeric characters . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  generates   a

test:  return a slice object that will return the info slice object .
truth: slice the info axis of obj with indexer . 
test:  get   null
truth:  slice   slice

test:  adds the specified key to dictionary and send the result to the nvp .
truth: redirects the user to the requests url with the given key appended to the query parameters . 
test:  insert   a
truth:  redirects   redirects

test:  stop the specified service cli example: .
truth: stop the specified service cli example: . 
test:  stop   stop
truth:  stop   stop

test:  iterates over indices as a batch of indices .
truth: this helper function computes a batch start and end index . 
test:  null   a
truth:  null   helper

test:  recreate multiple tags from a list of tags .
truth: recreate tags from a list of tuples into the amazon tag format . 
test:  returns   null
truth:  recreate   tags

test:  execute a command in a subprocess .
truth: convenient interface to check_output . 
test:  execute   run
truth:  null   interface

test:  return the base url for a domain .
truth: for example . 
test:  takes   null
truth:  null   example

test:  0 at a point of bundle .
truth: convert into classpath relative to a directory . 
test:  to   list
truth:  convert   convert

test:  indicate that the given attribute should be loaded using subquery eager loading .
truth: indicate that the given relationship attribute should remain unloaded . 
test:  indicate   null
truth:  indicate   null

test:  return a list of all python modules .
truth: return a list of all available kernel modules cli example: . 
test:  retrieves   check
truth:  return   a

test:  make sure the email list works .
truth: lettuce should be able to receive emails sent from django server . 
test:  searching   check
truth:  lettuce   null

test:  make the user api .
truth: execute a chef client run and return a dict with the stderr . 
test:  return   get
truth:  execute   a

test:  use source field to set organization account .
truth: use source field to set repository account . 
test:  source   source
truth:  source   source

test:  get the requests options from salt .
truth: get the returner options from salt . 
test:  get   options
truth:  get   get

test:  delete a resource .
truth: delete a resource from a dataset . 
test:  delete   a
truth:  delete   a

test:  returns a expression structure for the container name or before the container parent of the current container .
truth: split the specified file at multiple locations (all tags that match the specified xpath expression . 
test:  tests   a
truth:  split   split

test:  return the indexes for a polynomial .
truth: get row and column cals . 
test:  null   test
truth:  get   row

test:  a simple filter that mimics the savgol at the given length .
truth: apply a savitzky-golay filter to an array . 
test:  is   a
truth:  apply   a

test:  calculates the 1-d arrays .
truth: stacks arrays horizontally . 
test:  arrays   performance
truth:  arrays   arrays

test:  given the given message to push the given message .
truth: given input in this form:: u{"status":"pulling repository foo/ubuntubox"}: "image from foo/ . 
test:  connected   null
truth:  input   input

test:  return a rendered .
truth: get the path for a page in the cactus build . 
test:  link   a
truth:  get   get

test:  convert a non-naive protobuf to an image .
truth: helper function to convert an image to a grpc image . 
test:  convert   image
truth:  function   function

